If you've ever been to Disneyland anywhere you'll find Disneyland Hong Kong very similar in the layout when you walk into main street! It has a very familiar feel. One of the rides  its a Small World  is absolutely fabulous and worth doing. The day we visited was fairly hot and relatively busy but the queues moved fairly well.
Its been a while since d last time we visit HK Disneyland .. Yet, this time we only stay in Tomorrowland .. AKA Marvel land!Now they have Iron Man Experience n d Newly open Ant Man n d Wasp!!Ironman .. Great feature n so Exciting, especially d whole scenery of HK (HK central area to Kowloon)!Antman .. Changed by previous Buzz lightyear! More or less d same, but I'm expecting to have something most!!However, my boys like it!!Space Mountain .. Turns into Star Wars!! This 1 is Great!!!For cast members (staffs) .. Felt bit MINUS point from before!!! Just dun feel like its a Disney brand!! Seems more local like Ocean Park or even worst!!They got no SMILING face, but just wanna u to enter n attraction n leave!!Hello this is supposed to be Happiest Place on Earth brand!! But, just really Dont feel it!!Bakery in Main Street now have more attractive delicacies n Disney theme sweets .. These are Good Points!!Last, they also have Starbucks now inside the theme park!!
Thanks God it wasn   t too hot or too humid when I was visiting the park   otherwise it would be a big issue (there is not a lot of shade).I have arrived around 10:30am and left at 6pm. Unfortunately I didn   t last until evening parade, but 8.5 hours was too much for me.There is plenty to do and everyone will find something interesting for themselves to enjoy.It wasn   t extremely busy and the longest time I had to queue for certain attractions was 45 minutes (which is really not that bad).Although I had an amazing time, I felt a bit underwhelmed with choice of rides and attractions. The park itself is quite small (I was really expecting something grand   even the main castle which was closed by the way was quite small).The food options are good, few coffee shops (including Starbucks) and plenty of gift shops. There was no issue with toilets as they are everywhere.All together it was a great day out and I really enjoyed it.
HK Disneyland is a great compact park. Unfortunately there is quite a bit of maintenance work going on at present so a number of areas are closed off (including the famous castle) If you go midweek, it is not too crowded and certainly no where near as bus as LA Disneyland. We did notice on this visit that prices for food, drinks etc have really gone through the roof so be prepared to pay top dollar for snacks (and avoid the souvenir shops if you can) Regardless, kids will love it.
the location is not in the city, took around 1 hour from Kowlon, my kids like disneyland so much, everything is fine.   but its really crowded and hot in Hong Kong
Have been to Disney World, Disneyland Anaheim and Tokyo Disneyland but I feel that Disneyland Hong Kong is really too small to be called a Disneyland. It has way too few rides and attractions. Souvenirs, food and even entrance tickets are slightly more expensive than other Disneyland as well. Basically, this park is good only for small children and people who has never been to Disney. The food choices were acceptable, mostly fast food, and not too expensive. Bottled water, however, was VERY expensive but they do have water fountains around for you to refill your water bottles. The parade was pretty good. It was crowded not a problem but what was the problem was the people were just so rude, the pushing and shoving cutting in lines for the rides, gift shops, food stands was just to much to take. forget trying to see one of the shows its a free for all for seats, i don't see how Disney can let this happen, it was by far the worst managed Disney property.
Great place! Your day will go by and you won't even know it. Obviously went there for my daughter and she absolutely loved it! Too bad the parade got canceled though.
Think of it as an intro to Disney magic for the little ones. Almost all of the attractions can be completed in 1.5days.One drawback was the timing. For example, Disney's Storybook Theatre is closed Wed Thu for private events. Some restaurants close mid week Tue Thur as well. So best not to plan your visit during mid week.The biggest disappointment is the food at the Park. Even Maxim's is so so only. The only decent Restaurant is Main Street Corner Cafe and the Main Street Bakery. And do be prepared for the typical abrupt HongKong style service from the serving staff.
Feel so let down with this place,the Disneyland train was fantastic until you get past the station,bad signage, terrible staff who just did not want to be there ,it was rainning and rides were not working could not find a map of place, over priced fun park. Disney characters only 2 seen under a cabana having photos with visitors queuing up in the rain. Dont waste your money. Walt Disney would be horrified, not enough eating places for the amount of people or rest rooms. Seems they are building something but who knows what. No atmosphere of fun and fantasy.
I can go on talking about Disneyland. Whatever I say about it, is less. Disneyland is all about your childhood dreams come true. Starting from the Entrance, the environment, popcorn, the shows, everything. Even the MTR Trains and the station is specially designed. In my opinion one should by a Two Day Ticket to explore it well if you have time. Else few of the attractions may remain incomplete in one day. An online Two Day Ticket can save around HKD 100 in comparison to an on spot ticket.  Must NOT Miss  attractions include the Jungle River Cruise, Micky's Phillhar Magic (a 4D Show), The Lion King ShowIt is better to have some home work regarding the Show Timings so that you can maximise the number of shows you can cover. It is better to avoid Sundays or the public holidays to avoid rush.
Disneyland never cease to amaze me! I've been to Disneyland florida and I thought I have exhausted the kid in me but nope! I still had so much fun in disneyland hong kong. 2 DL off my bucketlist and more to come!
We spent the day here with our grown kids and I have to admit we had a great time. It seems the kids never tire of Disney. There aren   t as many rides as the states Disney parks but they have some great ones no less. Do the haunted house, catch the lion king show, space mountain, and the iron man experience to list a few. They have lots of shops that you have to spend some money in of course. The kids will love the day!
We spend two days, the second day went early then went straight to the back of the park, no lineups for so children got to go on many rides, some twice in a row. This Disneyland is very suitable for young children ours were 7,6,5,4,3 and 1 so most of them could go on all the rides, it was disappointing the castle was closed no nightly fireworks. Would not like to go in the hot season.
It was indeed the happiest place on earth! My family had really fun and it made my daughter's birthday a memorable one!
This place is HUGE! Definately need more than one day. We had 3 children aged 11, 9 & 6 and they loved it. A great variety of rides and attractions for all ages. Food options were fantastic with 3D models of what you were ordering. Staff were fantastic, very helpful. An awesome family experience.
We brought tickets before we left and got 2 days for less than the price of 1. After visiting would advise everyone to look for an online deal not worth the walk up price. Castle was closed due to that area being refurbished and altered, weekday aprox no more than a 30 min wait for rides with most being less than that would not recommend weekends or holidays. As has been said like all Disney parks and theme parks in general food and drink is expensive .This is a small park and can easily be done in 1 day
Its huge , not enough to visit in one day. We did with 2 days pass ... all the scenes were amazing ... you were like in movies, fairytales, etc. At 8 pm, we have enjoyed lots with the character show on the street. Must Visit !!!
Around   60 per person and if you want to eat or drink at any point it was cost you a small fortune. If you go on a week day like we did I assume like us you will wait around half an hour per ride. At the time we went the Disney castle was under construction.. it doesn't look like it will be finished soon. Fast track is free for everyone but single rider was a lot faster. An average day at an expensive place.
It   s Disneyland! It just does not need reviewing!  Place speaks for itself.  However smaller than I expected.  Great experience
There is nothing more to say except that you become a child once again as you step inside Disneyland in HK!  Easy to go and come out with dedicated trams and subway stations.  Wait for the parade at sunset it is definitely worth waiting!
We bought a 2 day tourist ticket via Klook which made it better value. It was good to have a day to get our bearings and a second day to go on the rides we missed and to go back on our favourite ones again. It also means less queuing.The shows and parades were amazing. We saw the Lion King, Moana and Mickey   s Wondrous Book. Unfortunately there is some works on so the Castle isn   t visible and the train is not open. We still had a magical time.
First off I'm not a really big Disneyland fan. I live about 20 minutes from the California Disneyland, and haven't been in over 10 years (by choice). We were on vacation in Hong Kong and were able to get free tickets, so why not. First getting there by subway from downtown was super easy. I will say I was impressed with how the train that takes you there was decked out in all the Disney themes. Next the park was okay just super small compared to the one here in California. The castle was under construction so that kinda of sucks and the train didn't run. We went on a Wednesday so it was slow. There are not a lot of rides, so please don't come with that idea. It's a nice place for little kids, but thrill seekers stay at home. One tip make sure you read the description of each ride before you wait in line, because I will never get those 30 minutes of my life back (Iron man experience).
Mickey and the Wounderous book was great and the kids love it. The new Ant man attraction was good for all ages. Our four year old love the pubs afraid waiting in line because of the loud noises. The 10 year old was afraid of Iron Man   s ride it   s good for 12 and I   ll probably but it was a great ride. The castle is under major construction so there   s no fireworks. Overall the park is still beautiful and wonderful to visit and buy the teacup ride there is a good restaurant that has Standard Chinese food at reasonable prices for Disney. You   ll Have a great day or two. Still probably the best attraction in Hong Kong for children one of the top two for sure. Adults can go on roller coasters and other rides as well they will not be disappointed.
I   ve been to Hong Kong Disneyland twice and even with new attractions such as the Ant Man and the Wasp, the experience was really flat and not as enjoyable as other Disneylands in the region. With Sleeping Beauty Castle under renovation, pictures taken at the main square isn   t that appealing with the scaffolding in sight. Souvenirs, food and even entrance tickets are slightly more expensive than other Disneylands.
GO early if you want to do photos with the signboards and Mickey Donald Duck. Otherwise, you could spend an hour just waiting in line to get a free photo. The paid photo is also available at a price.Tomorrow land Iron Man was excellent and we did it twice.Philar Magic is really awesome.Fantasy Land is great for the rides.Adventure Land has some nice opportunities to take photos with Tarzan, a treetop house visit, a boat cruise for kids.Grizzly Gulch was one of my favourites, Roller Coaster ride was worth the 15 minute wait.
Disneylands the world over are generic apart from the language. This was no different than the others. It was a shame about all the building work and some closed eating areas.  Definitely worth a visit if you have young children.
This was my second trip here, the first been about 3 years ago. This is a smallish Disneyland park. The attractions are of a high standard but there are few thrill rides and no outdoor roller coaster. The park was clean and tidy. Food was expensive in the park not of an excellent qualify (ie served like warm or cold) and there were few vegetarian options.The castle was under renovation at the time of my visit. The park is easy to walk around and many of the attractions are great for kids. Lines were virtually non existent with our longest wait 20 minutesOverall worth a visit if you are with the kids in Hong Kong and have the time. The park entry is also comparatively inexpensive when compared to other Disneyland parks.
We have been to Hong Kong Disneyland a few times already but we still want to come back. Why? Because there are rides we were too chicken to try the first visits that we finally had the courage to try and we ended up loving them. We love the Big Grizzly Mountain ride. We thought it will be too scary but we love it now. Will be back again!
We visited here on a Wednesday. We arrived for opening and found the queue times to be short and had done most the rides we wanted to by early afternoon. Unfortunately there were no fireworks due to the castle being renovated and we have seen many parades at Disney world so we decided not to stay for the evening.
I need to say I have been to    home of Disney    Disneyland Anaheim. HK Disney is about an 8th of that park!    Biggest ride    (as in scary) was Space Mountain. Mostly kiddy rides other than that. We did really enjoy the Lion King show. I can   t get over how expensive it was. Water equates to $6 AUD a small bottle and a burger combo meal equated $22 AUD!!!! We also stayed at Disney Hollywood Hotel   where they have u by the balls and charge insane prices ($120 AUD) for buffet dinner or $55 AUD for breakfast. There are no shops   cafes   supermarkets nearby to grab a snack or cheap dinner, unless u take 2 trains! After travelling thru HK  China for 3 weeks it was just crazy expensive for crappy deep fried food or a flavourless bowl of lettuce salad. Very few food places open. Castle under maintenance. Train under maintenance. vouchers we got on the way in stating ALL shops on main st have 10% discount before 1030... then told at bakery    that not here   ?!!! At home that   s called false advertising?!! Toy Story land was insanely hot   no shade, sun bouncing off light concrete   my husband actually had a hypo while waiting for daughter on ride coz it   s so hot. Come on Disneyland... surely you can put up some    camo style shades    so waiting parents don   t pass out?! A few seats for elderly wouldn   t go astray either. All up pretty disappointing experience and about $900 AUD poorer, for 2 adults & 1 child for 2 day pass (note: u won   t need to go back for a second day).
Took a five year old and a two year old. Could not fault anything other than a hire pram being pinched, which was quickly replaced.  Staff amazing. If you can stay at one of the hotels, do so.  Makes it all much easier.
A great day out even for adults.We can early and we're able to do almost all rides in a couple of hours. The restaurants were great and a good selection of different foods. Try the caramel popcorn! Unfortunately, when we went the bars and 1 restaurant was closed, but still other options available.The rides are mostly for little kids bit a couple were good for adults. The shopping was the highlight of the day with huge selection of Disney gifts and clothing. Note if there is a daily special get it early as it will sell out. There is not a lot of shade so bring hats and an umbrella.
I went to Hong Kong Disneyland with a little trepidation as our family had been to Disneyland in California 6 months previously.No trepidation needed, we all loved HKDL! Loved loved loved it.Yes, its much smaller than California and there are not as many fast paced rides, none the less, we had a great day. The park is beautiful and the experience is just like being at Anaheim.We went on a day where large amounts of rain were expected, so numbers were down. We had line ups of less than 5 minutes on most rides. The rain held off until 3pm and we'd been able to go through all of the park by that time and we were going back over rides we wanted to do again. Once the rain started we found that most people huddled under their umbrellas, where as we went on all the undercover rides over and over.I totally recommend HKDL, just keep in mind it is smaller and slower paced than other Disney parks.
This Disneyland is a lot of fun. There are many rides that are good like the Iron man experience, hyperspace mountain, the toy story car, and many others. I went to Shanghai Disneyland as well and that one is so crowded you can   t go on a lot of rides but in Hong Kong we were able to ride almost every ride in a day. Lines were very short and the park is small so it   s easy to get around.
We have been to Disneyland in LA two times, and Tokyo Disneyland Disney Sea. Walking through the gates at HK Disneyland felt like going back to LA. This is because the park is owned by Disney and HK Government. We loved the quietness of HK Disneyland in the morning, most things in HK don't open until 10am, so to walk in with very few people in front of us was great. Toy Storyland doesn't open until 11am. We purchased our tickets online from Australia and printed them before we left. You are sent an email with a link to an electronic version with QR codes and personalised characters, but we used the printed version much easier and the website can be a little slow. We also purchased the Dining Vouchers as well, this entitled us to Lunch or Dinner a popcorn or a iceblock. If you are there for two days, like we were then just double the number of vouchers you purchase. HK Disneyland uses the old style Fast pass system, scan your ticket and get a printed fastpass. We were staying at Disney Explorers Lodge and received fast passes to certain rides from there as well. The food in HK Disneyland is aimed at the Asian Market, although there are restaurants who serve burgers etc. If you have fussy eaters then beware you may have limited choices, but over all the food was Disney quality. We ate at the Starliner Restaurant at Tomorrowland.We loved Space Mountain with the Star Wars overlay, sooo coool. The is no Pirates of the Caribbean ride, sad, but the Lion King show and Mickey's PhilharMagic shows are great fun.Unique to the HK Disneyland is Mystic Manor, an amazing trackless ride so fun we went on it three times, the Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars is great fun, the experience varies depending on where you are sitting, we had front row, amazing, and last row, still fun but a little rough. Also unique to HK Disneyland is the Iron Man Experience, a ride simulator on a Stark Industries flyer through Hong Kong. Lots of fun.When you ride the Jungle Cruise remember to choose the English line or Cantonese line as the skippers script is done in both. They say there is no difference in the line waiting time, we didn't really notice it.Yes HKL Disneyland is smaller than LA Disneyland  Tokyo Disneyland but two days allows you to see pretty much everything and not a break net speed. We are a Disney loving family and our girls were aged 17, 15, and 10 when we attended the park. The Christmas decorations and the parade were great.HK Disneyland is on the MTR line just change at Sunny Bay Station for the Disneyland line. You can use your Octopus Card to travel on the MTR. There are shuttle buses that run from the Disney Hotels to the transport hub at Disneyland and you can walk if you want to along the bay from the hotels. It would be roughly 20 minutes walk from the Disneyland Hotel along the bay. There is also a ferry that runs from Central to HK Disneyland but the MTR train is the best option in my opinion, especially as it has Mickey Shaped Windows and Disney theming inside the train carriages.
Australian family of four with 2 kids (12 and 9) enjoyed a full day out at Hong Kong Disneyland with plenty to do and see.If you have been to other Disney's and get a chance to visit Hong Kong   I say definitely do it. There are a couple of unique Hong Kong experiences including two Marvel attractions   Antman and Ironman   both which we enjoyed.For thrill seekers there are a couple of great rides   The Big Grizzly Mountain was probably our favourite   it was unexpected and fast. And the RC Racer in Toystoryland definitely worth the wait.For families with younger kids there is heaps here to do   we kind of skipped fantasyland   but for young families you would probably spend a lot of the day here.The park is easy to get to as well   the dedicated Disney train line was fun to ride on   and with an easily navigable MTR in Hong Kong it was simple and cheap to get to the Park.
If your are travelling to Disney land from mong cok you can purchase your tickets from one of the travel shops at a discounted rate (we purchased ours from Hong Thai travel) this is in the bank centre on Nathan road, right next to the Mong Kok station.   if you go to level 4 there are numerous travel shops (including CTS) which from other reviews that I read is where most people purchased the tickets. We asked around the shops on level 4 for the price of their Disneyland ticket (including CTS) and we found Hong Thai travel the cheapest. The tickets were $557HKD each for adults. I would recommend asking around each shop for their price on the day. They seem to all open at 10am. The sales advisor will hand you a letter which you then take to the box office at Disney land and swap for entry tickets   it was very easy and we had no problems. Hong Thai travel Bank centre Nathan roadAs the park opened at 10.30am we decided to get a taxi on the way there, this costs roughly $200HKD from Mong Kok and takes around 20 minutes.On the way back we used the trains, the route is:Disney land to Sunny Bay (pink line)Sunny Bay to Lai King Station (orange line)Lai King Station to Mong Kok (red line)The trains costs are around $20HKD and takes roughly 1 hour.  if you want to catch the train to Disneyland from Mong Kok the route is;Mong Kok to Lai King Station (red line)Lai King Station to Sunny Bay Station (orange line)Sunny Bay Station to Disneyland (pink line)
Hong Kong is easy to get to via the MTR from Kowloon, great signage and fast. Our day started well but just after arriving it started to rain quite heavily and didn't stop until mid afternoon. Characters were out in the main street but only saw two during the day, probably due to the rain. Even though the crowds on entry were big once inside it didn't seem crowded at all, Toy Story Land was a ghost town with no one going on the rides in the rain. We enjoy the rides that were open and all in all had a good day. Had heard great things about Mystic Manor but found it just okay, loved Hyperspace Mountain, Ant Man and Ironman. Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine cars were my favorite of the day! Though shopping wasn't as good as Disneyland in the USA which was disappointing, catering mainly to children. Happy to have visited but don't think I'd go to Hong Kong again.
You have to visit to understand the memorable experience. It is a place that brings out the child in everyone. You have to stay for the fireworks. Food is expensive so take snacks along.
HKDL got different event for different period. Like Jan Feb for Chines New Year, Apr May for Spring Carnival, then Summer, Halloween and Christmas, each event got different theme for both charaters costume and decorate, and sometimes might got the special daily parade too. Thats why recommend to check clearly which event you want to join before you make the disney trip. If you don't like crowded, Mar & November without any event happening will be your choice!
The park is great if this is the only amusement park available to you. It is small and the rides are very tame. The park can be done in 3 4 of a day. Disney is always clean and has the best customer service.
Visited here with the family and had a very memorable experience. It didn   t seem as big as Anaheim, but very clean and well maintained.  Received priority queuing passes but didn   t need them as the lines were very short.
It's always going to be fun at Disneyland. These are a few of my reminders: don't bring selfie sticks and huge tripods you can bring bottled water or if you have a reusable container, use that instead food can be expensive so eat plenty before going here. Just don't ride the rollercoasters right away. don't miss the Festival of the Lion King Show. You can forget the Moana production though if you're expecting the songs from the movie and to see Maui wear comfortable shoes. there will be lots of walking have fun and don't get discouraged by long queues. you'll have your turn sooner than you think.
To be honest it rained nearly all day, if the weather was better i'm sure my overall impression would have been much better. It lacks the thrill seeking rides of other disney parks. That being said it also lacked the ridiculously long quees. Waits were around 5 minutes!
A super small but cute Disney park   if you're a Disney fan you tick this park off in a day though, be warned, if you're used to the service in Walt Disney World and Disneyland, it doesn't seem to  translate  as well at Hong Kong Disneyland. The food is also not as good   we had lunch from the Lucky Nugget Saloon, which was mediocre at best.A fun day though, regardless.
Plaza Inn was fantastic, and the kids in our group loved the rides. It   s smaller than Disneyland, but if you love Disney, it   s worth the visit. If you   re not super into Disney, I   d probably skip and just go to Disneyland in Anaheim.
We first did Disneyworld in Orlando some 40 yrs ago with our 2 year old.Back then, we had to buy different value tickets for various rides whereas that has changed and the entry fee now covers all rides etc, except for food. What hasn   t changed. The place is remarkably clean and well maintained given the number of visitors they see each day. Some rides had a long wait ie 40 minutes, so skipped them till later in the day ie 4 5pm, and the wait period was down to less than 10minutes.A very full day. We got there around 10.30 am and left when the street parade finished at around 9.15pm. Exhausting, but simply loved it
Had a great time at Disneyland. Great, but can be busy on Saturday and Sunday. Only point to note, is that the park opens at 10:00 but the first zone does not open until 10:30. I purchased priority tickets, if going at the weekend I would recommend priority tickets. Queues smaller during the week and not sure if priority needed.
We had a terrific time at Disneyland HongKong   rides were fun, waiting times ok, shows were enjoyable, very clean, staff super friendly   only let down was average food but to be expected.
Even though the rain set in for most of the day, as an adult we still had a fun time at Disneyland Hong Kong
Good to see while here, but very small. Great if we brought the children, but not for adults who have been to other ones. Not exciting for bigger children either.
I love Disney, I even worked at Disney World in college so when we came to Hong Kong I knew we had to visit. I didn't visit the one in Paris when I went and I regret it. Hong Kong Disneyland is the smallest of the Disney Parks. We were able to ride all the rides in 3 hours when we first arrived at 9:30 a.m. I loved the Wondrous Book of Mickey and the Mystic Manor ride. I also liked the new Ant Man and Wasp ride b c it's like the Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger's ride in Orlando. I also liked how all the characters were dressed up for Easter and the Easter decorations they had up as well. I loved both parades, the afternoon and the night time one reminded me of the Electro Magic Parade that was in Orlando. If you're a Disney fan then you must visit Hong Kong Disneyland!
Small disneyland catering to kids, but they have some nice rides including the new Ant Man ride. Pricey food and somewhat long queues but that is part of the theme park. Try to go in the morning and then again in the evening, best is to stay one day at the hotel to maximize the park.
It was very essay to go from the city to Disney central Station. We bought tickets on sight with the additional VIP Status so that we didn't have to line up.It was a week day and the park was not full  it was heaven. My only downside to the experience was that the main castle that appears on all their publicity was under reparation and it was very hard to find a restaurant with a variation of vegetarian food unless you liked pop corn, corn on the cob or a vegie burger in one of their fast food outlets. We really enjoyed our selves and so will you. Mind you I am 50 and my friend is 30 something...so it works for adults as well.
Awesome attractions that blew my mind away. The attraction is filled with amazing rides and entertainment. There are also halal food that definitely cater to my needs. Glad to be able to meet Mickey and friends.
Great fun for the family.  The fact that it is a smaller park than other Disney   s is a plus.  Facilities seem new and loads of different games.
Love this place very clean and safe have it own MRT to get here !!! Night time is beautiful too many things to do
The Hong Kong Disneyland is quite small, there are too many people and the waiting line is long. it took average one hour or more in the line. however, the transit Disneyland tram is very nice, very impressive!
I visited here with my parents and 2 teenage sisters, we had a really fun day! The food offerings were good (albeit expensive). It was incredibly busy, but I think all Disneyland's are! Very easy to get to from Central Hong Kong. I think my highlight was the gift shop which was huge!! I would definitely recommend for a family day out.
It was ok. This Disney is more catered for smaller children rather than adults. Some of the areas were closed. There was only one really thrilling ride. the rest are for children. Maybe needs a few more western restaurants as well.
Went for day xx brilliant food x was holiday day for local people so very busy buy so polite .. had a great time
I would recommend to go through below tips to navigate easily and manage most of your time at this marvellous amusement park.We visited during new year with 2 year old infant so some points could be helpful for fellow travellers.Tip: 1. dont take big luggage or even trolley bag while entering as they wont let you inside plus you have to PAY to use thier storage service also..only BACKPACK (read not too big) is allowed.2. Book online from klook app to get discount. This only saves time as on spot booking as long que.3. Always reach disneyland by its special metro train as its interior is superb and gives you great feel.4. Take map or use free wifi to access their app for show timings and ride schedule.5. Do not miss any of the live shows as they are worth watching and direction is highly creative.6. Always ask from disneyland employees at ride entrance exit for stickers as they usually keep and gives it for free as soveniour, even when you leav door person can also give you some JUST REMEMBER TO ASK POLITELY.Rest this is worth visiting and whatever age group you belong you cannot miss DISNEYLAND LA LA LAND!!!
A very small Disney and the castle was being worked on but overall had an amazing time. Was able to ride all the rides we wanted to ride. Very nice staff, lovely experience.
Way smaller then the others and staff did not interact with kids as much as every other then park around the world. Signs to go where hard to read.. Arrows pointing in random direction, son is autistic so got told to take him around to priority que but who knows where that was.. Not many ques. Which was a bonus. Toilets plentiful and clean. Good shading and plenty of seats.
Superb atmosphere in HK Disneyland. Must enter the park by 8am soon it   s opened and have more than enough things to do until dawn. Better check which amusements are under renovation as usually it has 1 or 2 parks under construction everyday. If this is your last item in HK tour you can check in luggage at Kowloon station and visit Disneyland. But recommend to reserve two day ticket if you want to try out all excursions. Fantastic creation and life time snaps to capture in 48 hours.
You will love this place for the fun, food and the nostalgia it creates! Even when you are not a great mickey fan, you have enough avenues to enjoy.   Its not just for kids; even adults enjoy this.
Just so friendly.  Lovely food.  It was Halloween time and we had a great time.  It was good that y on could see everything in in one day.
The hotel is clean and tidy . The environment is nice . Staff in this hotel is very nice and effective . Swimming pool is good for children . A good resort feeling hotel and a lot of activities for children to play . Better to provide the photo taking for the hotel guest with Disney Explorers Micky as a souvenirs with the Explorer bathrobe .
My son and his wife and three children recently visited Disney HK. They had a great time exploring it and said there were virtually no lines!!The one fault they found was in the food. Children   s food was very lacking in variety and taste. Our grandson who must be gluten free had no selections on the children   s menu that he could eat. They had to purchase a $60 steak that was not the best either. They have frequented Disney in the US and it is very conscious of allergies and gluten free menu items are readily available. I would implore the Hong Kong ownership of this American icon to be more sensitive to these needs and make some much needed improvements to their menus.
Took some family to park for their first time at a Disney park. They loved it and it was a joy to see the kid in their eyes as they enjoyed all that it had to offer. Weather was great as well.
My first ever Disneyland, couldnt ask for more. Rides were good, shows were good, performers were all excellent! Rides more towards kids friendly. But theres a couple of adult rides. Overall a great experience.
During a recent stop over in Hong Kong we paid a return trip to Disney. We chose a day when the park was quiet so our longest wait was 30 minutes I am sure this is not the case at other times.Unfortunately some of the rides were being tested or being upgraded. To prevent disappointment check out closures before you go.We didn   t eat in the park as previous experience of it   s restaurant were disappointing and very expensive.This was our third visit to the park, whenever we visit Hong Kong a visit to Disney is a must.
We had an impromptu trip to Disneyland on a weekday. I love the trip because there is no wait time or at least 15minutes wait time for the rides. Limited restaurants though because maybe it   s a weekday? The bad part though is that the castle is under renovation and there are on going construction in the park.
this is a wonderful place to bring your kids of all ages!!!it was very well kept and clean!! alot of rides for young kids...amzaing staffs around!there were halal foods which was wonderful!! it was fantastic at night and the light parade was fantabulous!!!Its a MUST GO for parents with young kids!!
Who wouldn   t enjoy Disneyland? Hong Kong Disneyland is really easy to access. They have special metro to Disneyland and special designed. You better get there before 10 and directly queue until the parks open (at 10), so once it open you can enjoy many rides without long queue. Just be there on weekdays, avoid weekends!For muslim traveler, you shouldn   t be worry since you can find halal restaurant inside called Tahitian Terrace. It is located close to Tarzan   s Treehouse. The price ranges from 120 150 HKD if i   m not mistaken. I enjoy big rides but avoid big thrill drop. I   ve tried almost all rides except Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars. Shame, i   m afraid of fast backward drop lol. So far I enjoyed Ant Man and The Wasp: Nano Battle, Hyperspace Mountain, Mystic Manor, and Mickey   s Phillarmagic!
It's my second time here but it's my daughter's first time in HK disneyland.Staff were nice but we weren't given much priority despite being 7mos pregnant. Overall, the theme park is still nice however, the comfort rooms were not well maintained.Shocked to find that regular malls and even Ocean Park provide toilet cleaner liquid dispenser in every cubicle and Disneyland has none! Maybe it's time to upgrade it as well.
Although this is apparently a small Disneyland, I loved it. Being from NZ, it was the first Disney I had been to and everything was amazing. The shows, the rides, the attention to detail. Highly recommend it, although you really only need one day. never queued for longer than 10 mins on a Tuesday in March.
We bought a package through the Disney website. We started at the Explorers lodge and the package included several priority passes (like fast passes). We actually never needed to use them because the longest wait time for a ride was 10 minutes. All of the shows and rides are in English and most cast members speak English really well. This park is the smallest of Disneyland parks in the world, but we still felt like there was enough to keep us busy for our day and a half that we were there. The bus shuttles were very clean and ran on time.Would definitely go again next time we are in Hong Kong.
great way to spend a day in Hong kong as a tourist, easy to wander through the park and lots of fun, overall good value, found some good souvenirs along the way..food a little expensive as is with most parks a should do if your over that way
I went to HK Disneyland on 5 April which happens to be Qing Ming festival and did not expect the massive crowds on that day. Queues for rides and F&B outlets were very long and we did not have a great experience especially with a young kid. For the amount spent on the tickets, it's really a waste of money as we only sat on a few rides. I'm wondering if the park has any cap on the number of guests in the park as we had a hard time finding seats around. I booked my tickets via the Disneyland Hotel online but there was no info or confirmation given to me whether my park tickets are booked. In the end, I was unable to enter and had to buy tickets on the spot. Luckily, one of the cast members, Carmen, helped us to resolve the issue and let us access without queuing up again. Also the balloons there are overrpriced   HK150 for a helium balloon.
We have been to LA and Florida Disney MANY times so we were told we would be disappointed with this one. Not at all! We loved it. It had different rides and shows while still having the same layout and Disney feel. It is expanding a whole lot at the moment. My suggestion would be to add more food restaurants as the food lines were as long as the ride liens. We purchased online tickets and bought a partial ride upgrade. We wanted the full ride upgrade but it was sold out for the day. IMHO it is well worth it! We spent opening to closing there and loved it. The midway games were fun
already went the for 4th times and it will never enough. It was a truly magical experience. Even though it is a small park but full of excitement. The parades, the rides, the characters and cast members all blend to make a great day with the kids. Going there by MTR was so easy.
My wife and I brought 2 daughers in law to Hong Kong Disney recently. It has been more than 5 years since our last visit to Disney. Many new attractions have been added and we enjoyed very much during the visit. Our favourite ride is the Mountain Runaway Mine Car even with our age ranging from 12 to 59. In fact, we played 4 times all together and if time allowed, we would play more ! Take the ride disregarding your age when you visit Hong Kong Disney and have fun.
We had a local family member to take us round and he knew all the tricks to get around but the park is so super busy with so many queues. Kids enjoyed. I think evening is way better as easier to get on rides without queues! Avoid weekends and local holidays! The lion king show was fabulous!
Definitely a fun place to visit whilst in Honkers. We had loads of fun there and would recommend a visit
Everyone loves Disneyland !!! If you are traveling with young kids I would really recommend staying at one of the three Disney hotels. The hotels provide coaches, thereby making it more convinient. We stayed at the Disney hotel for two nights, the high point being the visit by the Disney characters at breakfast .  We also took a two day pass, it made the whole experience more relaxed and easy going.  Vegetarian food is only available at one of the restaurants. But the taste and quantity is good.  The park itself is well designed. There are enough options to engage very young kids to older kids.  The parade is not to be missed, as well as the different photo opps with all the Disney characters.  Other than the rides my kids really enjoyed the opportunity to dress up as young Jedi   s n fight the evil forces . A great family vacation.
This was a true highlight of our trip, they suspend reality so well in the park each lands attention to detail is incredible in decor, the sounds   smells, the staffs costumes and personas. There is truly something for everyone of all ages. The lines where very well managed with even on opening day of the new marvel ride just around 40 mins wait. Make sure you use smart fast track passes where you can they are free at some rides.It   s fair to say this park is much smaller than the others but somehow in that it becomes so much more charming.The staff could not do more for people bending over backwards they clearly love their jobs. They just seemed to intuitively just know what people needed.Would strongly recommend anyone with a day or two to spare. The current two day ticket offer was great for us as we did most of the flagship rides day one and the show and on the second day the other items.With this very close proximity to the airport and cheap bag storage it   s an ideal place to stop over or visit on your last day like we did heading straight to the airport after.
We've been here quite a few times and one of the better Disney's as queues are short and small enough to see everything in a day.We went mid week so was lot quieter and bought our tickets through Klook which was easy, but many of the rides attractions were under refurbishment and around 50% of the restaurants were closed (presumably due to less people). Price stays the same though! So you may want to double check in advance if you really want to experience any that might be closed to avoid disappointment.
Bucket list unlock.      One of the best trip we ever haven. Enjoy every single second inside Disneyland must to try every rides of it.
Hong Kong Disneyland is definitely a must see. It is a smaller park but what it loses in size it makes up for in quality. Hong Kong is currently home to the only Marvel themed rides and they do not disappoint. Hong Kong has many of the standard rides shows you expect from Disney but it also maintains a variety of exclusives. Hong Kong also has a lot of exclusive merchandise especially pins. Also most if not all of the rides are Bilingual.
Buy your discounted tickets on Klook (thus no ticket queueing when you arrive), get the MTR to Disneyland (35 mins from Hong Kong station where we had breaky at the Pret A Manger in the shopping mall there.). Take in lots of water as it   s expensive in the park. We also took in kids food and snacks as they are expensive and not great quality, you get searched on entry by if you have a good bag with many compartments, it   s easy to hide! Get there at 1015am latest and when the gates open at 1030am go straight for the Star Wars or ToyStory area. Only 2 or 3 rides have the fast pass, if you want to go to the Winnie the Pooh, use it there as the queue was long. Toy story land was great and big queues for the green parachute ride, so that   s one to go to first if you don   t start with Star Wars. The 245pm street show was very good (no need to get there early) but we were disappointed not to see the lion king show that is not currently on (download the free Disney HK App   will tell you what   s happening when). The Lion King show is a not to miss apparently and you have to get there before the street show ends or you might not get in. Recommend the musical show in the big Theatre, that   s next to the Small world. Saw the 1230pm show with lots of singing and Mickey Mouse and goofy !Our highlight of the day though was Mine train  amazing. Went on it 5 times.All in all, a good long day out   too tired to stay for the 730pm lights show !
Despite being one of the smaller parks of the company, two days are really worth while with a five year old and a baby. It is most relaxing as you will find enough time to enjoy. The transfer with the metro and the disney line works like a charme, all super clear signposted. Truly a fun day out with the kids.
This was our first family trip to Disney as a family (hubby and I have been to LA before we had kids). We left the hotel at 8.30 am even though the park didn   t open until 10.30. I   m glad we did as it took a little while to get there and get tickets etc. We bought the Priority line pass for an extra HKD$299 but it was a big waste of money as the park wasn   t busy and we only had to wait once for a ride. As the park wasn   t busy there were many food shops that were not open. Our kids (13 and 10) loved the rides and went of a few of them several times. My 10 year old cried when we were leaving as she didn   t want to go   so she must of had a good day! It was long and our feet hurt by the end of the day because of all the walking but it was definitely worth it to see the kids having such a good time. We don   t AUD$670 on 4 tickets including priority line passes.
This is the 10th time to Hong Kong Disneyland. I'll always recommend going on a weekday as on the weekends everybody goes with their children and the queues are doubled. The castle and other attractions were shut but they always inform guests on their website. The staff are nice and speak English so there's no need to be intimidated by that.
Didn   t feel the Disney spirit in this place. There were few Disney characters around, but one must wait in long lineup to shake hand with them. We stayed for only couple hours and left.
Fantastic  Nice place and kids friendly  Easly to get food in that area.   Better buy ticket from online, traveloka i guest  Because we can save our time before come to this place. Near from bus station and MTR station
What is there not to love about Disneyland? The attraction is well run, well worth a visit and a fun day out for all ages. The park is easily accessible from Hong Kong central by train and highly recommend the street parade and staying to see the park light up at night.
Friendly staff and cooling weather! Used Klook to purchase discounted tickets and scan QR code to enter was easy and fast. Enjoyed the time with my kids
Smallest Disneyland and spent a day here. Having just gone to Tokyo Disneyland in February and comparing with this one in Hong Kong, I would say that this is a smaller theme park. However, they have packed quite a lot of activities and rides into a smaller area so there are still a lot to do for a day. In fact, Hong Kong Disneyland is newer and has more updated areas such as Iron Man and the upcoming Ant Man. Not very crowded when we were there during a week day but there are still short queues for the rides.The parades during the day and night were similar with most Disneyland but shorter and not as many floats. Went for the Mickey show as well as Lion King shows and they were enjoyable.
I'm a big Disney park fan and a regular visitor to Disneyland Paris, so I was very excited to visit a new Disney park. We had a great time here, but compared to Paris, Tokyo and Florida (the others I've visited) it was very small with a limited number of rides and no real thrill rides. Space Mountain was very tame compared to all other versions.I'm serious about my Disney parks but struggled to fill two days here   I'd recommend only visiting for one day.The highlight was the shows   the Lion King show and the Wondrous Book were the best quality shows I've seen in any Disney park. The staging, live singing and performances were all very impressive.The food options are also really good with lots of variety.
It   s a very huge game cum theme park, so if you are travelling with cute little ones make sure you have enough things to eat and drink. Although lot of restaurants and eateries are there but most of them are occupied in peak hours. It is an evolving theme park with addition of new games every year I liked the stark area in sci fi zone. I waited till 8 pm and witnessed the Disney   s signature parade too. Please expect waiting time of 20 30 mins for each ride.
The main attractions were shut while we still paid the full entrance fees, without any intimation either online or as the ticket kiosks
While it's not as great other Disney properties. This park as all the fun rides and attractions to give you the Disney fix. Mystic Manor is a great unique ride that plays the part of the SEA story that Disney is trying to tell. Overall it's fun to go visit when the crowds are low. Be sure to check your timing before booking your visit.
We made it to Honk Kong Disney on the MTR and it was easy, quick and pretty convenient. We purchased our tickets onsite and used the online 10% discount for foreign travelers just by showing the web page and our drivers licenses. Much easier than buying online. I downloaded the app and it was great as a map and to track wait times for the rides. Most rides had 5 to 40 min waits. I recommend getting the fast pass for Dumbo as it was the only line that took MUCH longer than the advertised wait time. We were able to get on all the rides and still make it back on the MTR at a decent time but the train was pretty packed. Overall a very manageable and enjoyable Disney experience in a day.
Even though it is smaller, there is great rides and and wonderful atmosphere. The paint the night parade is a must. Hard to find good lunch food choices but didn't matter. Great shops. Longest ride line was 20 minutes. 4 year old daughter did princess makeover and that was super cute. Ask all staff members for stickers, they generally have different ones in their pockets. We did 2 days and could have easily done a 3rd.
We tried to buy our tickets online the day before but after entering payment details it said try later. We tried with a different card and it still gave the same message. The credit card company said the payment was taken but we had not received a booking confirmation. We took a taxi from TST area and it was not expensive and in an air conditioned car it was a pleasant journey. We arrived about 10:30. The next day at the park we had to waste time at guest relations where we were told the payments had not been taken, so we bought our tickets at the park. We will need to check our card statements to ensure no payments have been taken!We did not know if we should add the priority pass to our tickets as there was no information on how long the queues were at the entrance, unlike parks we have visited in the US, so we purchased them.Whilst at The Iron Man ride the priority cards were scanned on entry then scanned again before getting on. This is where two of the priority rides were recorded as used but it should only have been recorded as once   we did not know this at the time. When we tried to use our priority pass for the 3rd time later we were told we had none left. This was very embarrassing in front of the other park Guests. We said it could have occurred at Iron Man as they scanned it twice and was told to go back to Iron Man! We were tired by this point from going around the park and did not want to walk back there and so said we would go to Guest Relations instead. Guest Relations were not apologetic. We were offered the priority ticket for our next visit but we are from the UK and do not expect to return! We were offered a soft drink or popcorn   whoopy dah! We had just had lunch   no thank you. So we left with it not being resolved to our satisfaction.Please be careful if you buy online and if you have purchased a priority pass!The queues were about 15 30 minutes.We did have a great time at Disney but the pre purchase and priority pass experiences have left us feeling dissatisfied rather than elated and we still need to check payments had not been taken, so our negative Disney experience continues, even once back in the UK for the next few weeks.
Went to HK Disneyland via the MTR ( easy to get there and back) early March. Most days before were light showers but not cold. Our day was no rain :) and it took only 5 minutes to get onto the rides we wanted. Wife had never done a disney trip before and got some good shots with the Characters. She thoroughly enjoyed the Main Street parade and when we left the train was 2 minutes walk which was easy to get to our hotel.
Spent 2 days in Disneyland with my young children. Our 2nd time actually to the park. A must visit to everybody if ever you have the opportunity !
We were disappointed with HK Disneyland. The train wasn't running and the Castle was under renovation, as were several other areas. It had an air of dilapidation. Our coach driver advised us to take food in, not in our bags, which would be searched, but in our pockets. The reason for this was that They want to make you pay the incredibly high prices for food they sell. He also suggested not buying souvenirs there, but taking a picture, then getting the item from Ali Baba (or Ali Express I suppose). A basic souvenir mug cost A$20 approx, and watches were about A$80. The parade though, was fantastic, and made up a lot for the rest of it. It's on twice a day, in the afternoon and evening. The fireworks that we'd previously seen there were suspended for a while, due to the renovations. An MTR station is right there at the gates   change at Central for other lines. There's also a ferry but it limits you to certain times of leaving, so MTR, taxi or bus is better. For a senior, HK$2 on the Oyster Seniors card gets you all the way back to a station close to your hotel, so don't bother with a tour.
It is my second time coming to HK Disneyland. Unlucky us, it rained. Haha! Although rain didnt stop us from enjoying. Its just sad that the afternoon parade was cancelled. But during the night when the weather cleared, HK Disneyland pushed through the Paint the Night Parade. It was my first time seeing it. 6 years ago there was only fireworks behind the castle (which is now still under renovation).My family and I will definitely go back. Love seeing my little one enjoying Disneyland.
HK disneyland was a great experience during Xmas, the celebrations and rides were great. People management was also top notch. Renovation of the main castle was undergoing when we went which was a disappointment so was the main night parade cancellation. We waited till the last moment but rains ruined it. Some refund or voucher would have been appreciated for cancelled show and castle renovation.
The start of the journey to reach Disneyland by MTR gives a fun ride with the train painted with disney characters. There is also a train within the Disneyland which helps you reach some attractions.
I have been there 5 years ago with my wife..Now, i go there with my children..It's really nice to spend time with your kids in this theme park..Some problems:1. Castle is under renovation2. No fireworks3. Lion king under renovation4. Princess photo is limited only (no elsa of frozen is available for the photo session).. quite sad because she is my daughter's favorite princess...
Visited this theme park on 26.02.19. Overall, it was okay. Nothing spectacular. I have previously been to Disneyland Anaheim, Disney World Florida, Disneyland Paris, Tokyo Disneyland Disneysea. HK Disneyland is tiny, but fortunately not many crowds. The haunted house (mystic manor) was weird, though. I would expect something along the lines of other Disneyland parks, but yeah maybe it   s a cultural thing (nothing beats haunted house in Universal Studios Singapore during Halloween Horror Nights, fyi). Overall, my kids had fun there. Main reason why we went to Disneyland.
I took my kids to Disneyland on weekday which was a great decision as there was minimum rush. very small queues. we reached there by 10 and started with Tomorrowland. we did all the rides by 5:30pm and left by 6:00 pm. Hyperspace mountain, grizzly mountain, jungle cruise, Mystic Manor and Iron man experience are a must do rides. better to buy tickets food combos from klook. you do not have to stand in queue. just scan barcode and enter. Also, most importantly, take your food coupons just after entry so that you do not ahve to return later to get the coupons. We went to Royal Banquet hall for food. average food. carry water bottle as water is expensive there.
We liked this compared with United States because its easier to navigate because its smaller and there are more rides for little ones. We went on Wed. and the line was short. Only from 5 minutes to 15 minutes wait. Unheard of in the USA. You can get here easily with MTR. Expect to spend a day here. They open at 10 am. The Moana show and the Disney Tale Story Show was our favorite.
The monastery is really a beautiful place. The giant statues are truly awe inspiring, best seen on a clear day as the clouds can really limit visibility.  Great views from the tram up as well but Nong Ping is very commercial.
We had a fun day here, it was quite busy and wait times were roughly 20   30 minutes per ride. Plenty of eating places and souvenir shops available. There were a couple of good rollercoaster rides, but nothing like Disneyland in USA. I would still recommend it for a good day out.
Optimal size to try most rides in one day, if queue is less than 30 minutes. I wish there were more affordable gifts in shops and food and beverages.
Tickets were cheaper than other Disneys. Fast Pass was the bomb as we pre bought. The best rides were Mansion and the Grizzly Man Coaster. Space Mountain is not as good as Florida, California and even Paris. Ironman is okay. Pooh bear is good. This park is way smaller than the others which keeps the day simple. You only need one day here.
Having been to Florida, Anaheim and Euro Disney, Hong Kong Disney is definately the smallest, however given 5 hours to a day of spare time we think it is worth a visit. Limited number of rides but still fully professionally set up in true Disney style. The shows equally up to Disney standard.
Without a doubt, a true Disney experience.The parades, the rides, the characters and cast members all blend to make a great day with the kids.The journey is not long, and the MtR takes you literally to the front gate, so it is convenient for strollers.They will allow you to enter with baby food, as there are not many healthy options inside.With the classics like Small World, the park train, Main St. and the Castle you will not lack any of the    magical    feel.Make sure to have your tickets before as the line can be tedious in the morning, so don   t waste any time at the ticket counter
I've seen many negative posts and comments on HK Disneyland in the past. It is really not that bad. Yes, it is expensive and small but it has tons of rides for all ages.As an HK resident, I always go to Hk Disneyland and the experience is the same every time. Whether it is the parade or the rides, the park is incredible. There has been tons of revamps in the past few years with the farewells to Autopia and Buzz Lightyear Astroblasters but has been replaced with a brand new section in Tomorrowland featuring Iron Man and Ant Man coming in April as well as a brand new revamp of Space Mountain. The staff are extremely helpful and the gift shops have loads of merchandise and souvenirs. The park is also extremely kid friendly. The only negative I can extract from this park is the food price. The food isn't that bad but for it's quality, it is way too expensive. Since visitors aren't allowed to bring food in, you might have to starve for a day or buy an expensive meal.If you have lots of free time in HK and want something enjoyable whether with the kids or with your mates, HK Disney is a great park although if you are a major thrill seeker, Ocean Park would be more suited for you.
Very very small, disappointing all along the line... the park is too small, without big attractions. In 3 hours you will have seen everything. There was construction with a lot of noise during our visit. It was ridiculous to visit the enchanted forest when you heard a jackhammer!! The maneges are limited. The prices are high for the quality of the park. It is better to keep your money and invest it in another activity
The place is no less..It is Disneyland :)My kid had amazing fun and the place is massive.It is such a wonderful place to visit when your kid is old enough to qualify all rides.My boy is 112 Cms and pretty much qualified every single ride.I loved adventure land personally as it is involved tree houses,boat rides etc...Mystic Mansion was out of the world..soooo digital and so well done..Eating options for Veg folks are very very very limited.Asked around inside the park about...veg food and people kinda looked at us weird..lol..Vegie Burger was the best we could get at 98$...Was not great but DLand compensated for the non food part..You could have ice creams at 45 HKD and pop corn at the same price.I liked the HK Tea in packed form.it was good.Bus from Disneyland R8 to Lantau costs around 6 HKD(very inexpensive) and i stayed at TST(Tsim Sha Tsui).From Lantau toll toook A21 to go to TST Prat Avenue.Costs around 28 HKD per Adult and around 20 HKD per child below 11.If you take a taxi from Dinsey to TST,considering decent traffic,it would set you off by 205 HKD one way.Peak traffic could cost you around 250 HKD to 275 HKD.Disney is a must visit and we took 2 days to do it as queue(s) are long and minimum it took us 45 mins of queuing to get to any attractions.Infants and toddlers,cap is mandatory and be ready to buckle up and stand the long queue(s),unless you have a priority pass.
I really loved Disneyland! The two must rides are the Mystic Manor and the Grizzly Gulch Runaway Mine Trains. Both are excellent. Highly recommend going on a weekday. We did not have a wait longer than 20 minutes any where on a Monday and Tuesday. You don't need the Priority Special or Priority Special   on weekdays.
Came here 1 day after Chinese New Year, it was very crowded, try googling for the best time to visit the Disneyland. They had a few big parades around the theme park at certain hours, the last one was at 2000 hrs. To avoid rushing back with other visitors, I tried staying back after the last parade and got on the MTR after most of the visitors had left.The theme park provide strollers for rent, be careful not to lose the deposit slip or they wouldn't cash your deposit when you return the strollers.My kids enjoyed every parade especially the last one at 2000 hrs, with all the lightworks and Disney characters out on the street.
An Amusement Park for all ages. Disneyland is for children and a adult that are young at heart. Its a place that you will enjoy. The best time to visit is March were the weather was good, that you will enjoy roaming around.
This is my first time going to Disneyland Hong Kong. Unfortunately the Cinderella castle is being renovated and firework show being canceled. Shows such as Mickey and the Wondrous Book or Lion King are amazing. The parade in the afternoon is also good because we can see all Disney cartoon characters coming out. I love big grizzly mountain runaway because it was thrilling. I recommend you to buy popcorn which sold at stand throughout Disneyland, it tastes good.
In HK now crowds are the norm, and Disneyland is no exception. It was a weekday but was still very crowded, I hate to think what its like on the weekend.Some areas were unavailable due to remodeling works, which was sad, but some new areas had been opened since our last visit and these were quite good.There are lots of rides for  children  of all ages, so enjoy yourself and have a good day.Buy your ticket before you arrive, saves time and some queues, and many times they are cheaper than at the gate.Easily accessible by the MRT from all over HK. Its not the biggest Disneyland in the world, but it made our little one smile all day.
We went here w my family by invitation. Coming to Disneyland brings the child in you scream and enjoy fun times especially if you have kids w you in the trip. As usual, even on a Mondays, the queing for the long lines of activities will leave you to make ceratin choice events, rides, etc. We did get a roller coaster ride on Star Wars Hyperspace Mountain, photos taken w the Iron Man who was strutting around for poses w us, parades, store buys, etc. But what made the stay most memorable was the live presentation of Lion King musical wc made the final cut of our 'one day' experience @ Disney memorable!
Nice and cute small Disney. Attractions do slowly expand, but most are just fun rollercoasters for family. Many smaller rides to enjoy with small kids. Bring your water bottle, drinks and food are expensive, not many choices. Jedi show is a must for younger ones, besides are the eateries worth going to.
Not a very best disneyland but it   s still makes you happy to play there. Disneyland rides not as extreme as universal atudio because this build for all ages. Just enjoy your time and play!
This is a smaller park than American Disneyland. My favourite part was the lion king show. It had great costumes acrobatics makeup and props. My grandson does not want to go to Theatre but changed his mind after this show. Staff were sometimes too busy talking to other staff to assist and sometimes abrupt. Overall though we had a great time. I think American Disneyland set a huge standard that was hard to match.
Amazing  The shows  Everything was amazing  If u are a Disney fan you should visit   Is in fact a must and if u didnt do it then ur missing out
Relatively small compared to Disney World.  Well maintained, clean,  Admission fee the lowest  is $61  US dollars.
I like shows.  Anaheim has no shows these days.  HK Disney is perfection.  My Chinese friend said,  I would be happy to sleep on that bathroom floor!
Came here once with my parents some years ago. Came here again for another visit. The rides are okay but as usual, super crowded and busy, especially the lunch hours where the queue can be as long as 45 mins to an hour. Food is so so, especially for the Starliner restaurant that serves western food. Ticket came with a food coupon for purchase of meal up to $149HK. Bought the recommended value set to maximise it but the burger was so pathetic, small, flat and the meat was half.
Spent whole day and coming early avoiding crowds. It   s good to buy tickets ahead and avoid public holidays. Weekend could be tough but week days better. Accessible by metro . You are in hot commercial and consumer ares when they are not many things possible to resist. Enjoy the artificial words and attraction.
My husband and I love Disney and have visited quite a few of them. Hong Kong is a great park to visit! My favourite ride was the Mystic Manor   it has nothing to do with Disney, but a great little story which is a bit funny and has amazing detail in the ride. I believe it   s for HK only so really special. The run away train is quite deceiving, it starts of slow and you start to think it   s a bit rubbish...but it then surprises you. A winner with us. We got our tickets with Klook as this was by far the cheapest. It even came with the option for a meal deal which was did as it mean we didn   t have to worry about that. The food at Disney wasn   t great but ok. They are working on the castle at the moment and think it may take a while. At the moment it   s tiny! We found it so odd seeing the castle like this, but it   s because they didn   t have the money to build a bit castle. They do not so fireworks at the moment because of this but they are doing a light show at Main Street which was good. HK Disney has a toy story land, built before the one in Orlando. It   s really good but I love toy story.
We lived in FL & CA and have been to Disney World and Disneyland on many occasions. Although this one is far smaller than the others, we're glad we went. There is a special train that takes you there. There is an obsession with Duffy at the park. We went on a week day and entered when the park first opened. The only lines we encountered were for the characters. Easy to do in 1 day. Lots of great food options that is not your typical Disney fare. We quite enjoyed the time spent there.
It   s our first Disney experience. And I think it   s a great location to start. Ppl said HK Disneyland is smaller than one is Tokyo (which it is). It helps us not feel overwhelmed.A ride for each ride is not too long. Maybe because it was raining on the day. We didn   t get to see many characters for the same reason.Unfortunately, the castle was under maintenance. So we didn   t get the full experience. But all in all, it was fun.
It was incredible. We actually rode every attraction in the park, sometimes twice. Our longest wait   15 mins! We didn   t even use the Fast Pass or a Priority Pass. Compared to Disneyland in Anaheim, CA USA   If we had the opportunity; we would rather visit Hong Kong Disneyland. To save money, purchase your tickets and meals via the Klook app. (I do not have any relationship to Klook). Have Fun!
As my husband and I had a free day before we flew back home , decided to visit here, being that as we are over the age of 64 we got entry of just under   10 each depending on the currency rate. This park does not open until 10.30am, but we arrived earlier as we decided to buy our ticket on the gate rather than do this by phone. Surprisingly enough it was a very easy and quick process, just had to show our passportsWe got on the metro from Hong Kong to Sunny Bay station, crossed the platform to catch the Disneyland train which was only one stop.Seeing that this was a Monday the amount of people waiting for the park to open was massive, bug bear is that nearly everyone is on their phones and then you have to put up with them doing a 101 selfies. (please if you love yourself that much just get a mirror). Anyway the announcement was NOT TO RUN when they opened the gates, BUT WHAT did they all do RUN, no manners at all, push and shoved.This park is not a patch on the original Disney in Florida. There are very few rides and you can get round this park so quick. This is certainly not worth the   60 plus for adults .The atmosphere is certainly not here either, maybe because it was not very warm.
Visited Disneyland Hong Kong today March 15, 2019. Poor experience. Very little there in the first place in terms of rides and other experiences. But most of it was closed for renovations (including the main Disney castle) or lots of stuff just not open anyway. Kids couldn't get pics with their fav characters as they kept disappearing for a break every 20 mins and queues were long already. All this missing and not even a reduction in the already expensive price. Pretty crappy day outSmall park, half open. Not worth the money.
Not a trip to HK without swinging by Disneyland. A day will never be enough to check out all the attractions. The place is huge and  seems to always have something every time we visit.
It is a relatively small park, cannot be compared to the ones in Florida for sure! Worse off, we hit the park when the castle was closed for upgrade and no fireworks offered.Most of the park staff we came across were unfriendly and not very helpful with the odd exceptions! In fact they have  Smile  stickers at the entrance turnstile...it must be there to remind park staff since most of us visiting Disney parks have inherent great expectations!
Disneyland is really for kids. The rides are way too short in time compared with counterpart rides in Universal Studios.  Kids would love the 'Mickey and the Wondrous Book' and Lion King shows!!!
Spent a few hours at Hong Kong Disneyland. Easy to get to on the MTR. The queues weren't long on this day, which was fabulous. The castle is not open at this time, it's being updated. It's Disney, so of course, everything is pricey. The main street parade was really good.
I would say that this place is really good, had so much fun with my friends. But, I'm little sad because one day is not enough to try all their activities and rides. A good place to get rid of all the stress.
On my daughter's bucket list is to visit every Disney, so not going to Disneyland was not an option. If you are familar with the Disney's in the US, this one is much smaller. It had a few of the larger rides, the Star Wars rollar coaster, Big Thunder Mountain and Mystic Mansion which is their version of the Haunted Mansion. Otherwise, the park is very kid friendly. We did get there when it opened and we stayed until it closed   which was a bit too long for me, but my daughter loved it.
A must visit when in Hong Kong. Great for kids and big kids also. It was my first time to Disneyland. We got the 2 day pass as the weather wasn   t to great. It rained half way on our first day. If the weather forecast is sunny, buy the 1 day pass as we could of done it in the one if the weather fine.
The place was very huge!  There are many fun activities that you can do with your family or friends!  I would recommend you to go to this place if you have children as it is child friendly.
Disneyland is a perfect place to unwind and to be child again! I will always find a way to visit all disneyland all over the world!
Magical, fun time at Disneyland. We had 2 wonderful days here. All staff make the visit extra special as they are so kind and patient.  Unfortunately we were disappointed to find the fireworks were cancelled both nights we were there. No warning or explanation.
The rides are meant more for children except a few that are more thrilling. The decorations, however, were really detailed and brings out the Disney effect. It was nice to see that and really brings out the 'child' in me. Great atmosphere, great people! Overall, if you are going as a family with young children, you will definitely have a good time. However, if you are looking for thrill rides, better head to Ocean Park instead!
Last month,my parents,my friends and I went to Hong Kong.We arrived in Hong Kong on February tenth.The weather was cool and sunny.We went to the hotel first,it was clean and the service is good.Almost everything was perfect,the only drawback was the rooms of the hotel were too small that I didn't have enough place to play.After we had a rest ,we went out to a restaurant.The food it's delicious .we had beef balls,roasted goose,shrimp ravioli and some herbal tea.While we were eating,my dad and I saw a store selling iPads next store and since then I had a new iPad.That's really fantastic.We went Disneyland the day after we arrived.We played many recreational events.There were many people there.We waited for a long time to play it.The Roller Coaster was really cool.If there were not too many people,I really wanted to try that again.After we played for a day,every one was tired,we took a small train back to the hotel.We played the rugby,on last day in Hong Kong.It's very interesting.I tried some times and can played very well.I won a match and I was awarded two white caps and two rugby balls.We need to go home.The trip was great ! I really didn't want leave.I promised I will came back sooner or later.
Firstly, it   s Disneyland. It   s the happiest place on earth, and it   s great.It is a small park, at least by Anaheim and Tokyo standards, and can be easily covered in a few hours. This leaves plenty of time for shopping and hitting the rides you like multiple times.We came on a Tuesday in early March and arrived at park open. The weather was nice out, but the lines were, thankfully, almost non existent. Even after the usual busy times of 1 2pm, most lines were less than 15 mins.We bought a priority pass, but in hindsight it wasn   t at all required. In the end we just used it to get the value, but we were really just skipping 5 minute queues, so it was a waste of money on this particular occasion. Perhaps we got lucky and other days would make it worth the money but I am unsure.The RC car and Grizzly were my favourite rides, both extremely thrilling.Disneyland HK is a must see if you   re here, but not the best Disneyland in my experience.
My journey started and ended with this magical sentence. Although HK Disneyland is not the biggest Disneyland in the world, no. of attractions and rides are adequate for you to spend a whole day here. Hearing from the news that HK Disneyland is now expanding attractions, adding Frozen land and Marvel land. I believe HK Disneyland will attract countless people in the future. At the same time, it is hoped that the dinning place can be increased because many people finds no place to eat in the park.
HK Disneyland is not the biggest or the best Disneyland, but I am grateful it is there. There are enough rides and attractions to make the trip worthwhile, and it is very easily accessible by the MTR Trains. Main disappointment Wes that there were no characters strolling thru the park to mingle with visitors. That may be because of overcast and potentially rainy skies. In any case, the weather also kept lines for rides very short   5 to 19 min max. No fast pass needed. I also like this Disneyland because you can still visit all the variety of parks paying one fee. In Orlando Florida, people have to buy a ticket for each of the four or five parks they want to visit, That gets really expensive.
The magic starts with the MTR, Mickey shapped windows and handle bars, then a five minute walk into the park with fountains and posters feels like you are already inside. Characters walking around everwhere, fun rides and friendly helpful staff. The parades are amazing . Oh and my kids had a good time too ... second time in 5 years and looking forward to visiting again soon.
Overcrowded with Chinese tourist who likes to take photos of cute young children without permission. The rides are fun but taking too long to queue. Food offering is good.
Smaller than the original but still just as much fun.  Fair way to travel but can be reached by train from HK Central.
It's Disneyland, what more can I say?We went there on Monday. The crowd was big but we were still able to get on many rides:Jungle River Cruise,Slinky Dog Spin,Toy Soldier Parachute Drop,Mystic Manor,Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars,Mickey's Philharmagic,Hyperspace Mountain,IronMan Experience (without fast pass).Special mention about the Mystic Manor. It's said that it's only available in Hong Kong, no other Mystic Manor in any other Disneyland. So we had to go there! Although it wasn't a thrilling ride, it was still fun & very amusing for us. The MM souvenirs were also very cute. We spent quite amount of money there, because no other MM souvenirs at any other Disneyland shop (not even at the shop at the Hong Kong Airport!). So if you go there & find something you like, BUY it. Don't hesitate The only downsides were the Sleeping Beauty Castle & the Winnie the Pooh ride was closed for maintenance.
We went as a family group to Hong Kong Disneyland and had a wonderful time. Our grandchildren just loved it, as did we all. It is good value for money, clean and well laid out. Highly recommended for a fun day out for children and adults.
Easy to get there, only need to take the subway, inside the subway there is also disney decoration so can take pictures while heading there. Very convenience and clean. Inside the disney park, there are lots of cute sounveir shops, area is clean, people are friendly. Lots of disney characters to take pic with, not that long line up, it depends on the time and month you go. Although its not a big disney but you can still spend a whole day there. If you like cute stuff, hongkong disney is a must go. You will buy lots there.
I'm working my way to all the Disney parks around the world. I've already hit Orlando, Anaheim and Paris, this is my fourth location (Tokyo in 2020 and Shanghai 2021). Although this park is slightly larger than Anaheim it doesn't really feel like it. They have fewer attractions crammed into a small space like the original. Overall the park is clean, themed well and all the cast members we came into contact with were pleasant. I don't think you can compare Disney parks to each other, it's just not fair. I like the HK version although a lot of the attractions were mirror images (or very close) to rides in other Disney parks. Although they are branching out with the Iron Man Experience (think Star Tours with Iron Man) and the new Ant Man and Wasp attraction (which was not yet open when we went in February 2019.) Mystic Manor is HK's answer to the Haunted Mansion. It has a compelling story with a character (Albert the monkey) that draws you in and it has great effects. HK DL is almost worth it just for this one attraction, we rode it twice. Although not as big as FL and not as detailed as Paris, Hong Kong Disneyland is definitely worth a visit.
One of the group had been to Disneyland in Japan and wanted to go to this one.I had been told was the staff are very friendly, welcoming and peppy plus the mascots milling about and very fun. Don   t know if upwelling went on a bad day or something but it was not a great experience. With the exception of two staff none of them smiled or made you feel welcome. As to for the mascots, finally saw them at the end of our day and only in the    town    part.Costumes were ruined by staff wearing black running shoes. OK they are on their feet and need to be comfortable but it was seriously jarring. Staff get a 2 10.Things like the recycling bin being loaded and taken away to be emptied but not one put in to replace. Tables not being cleared.Two of the restaurants were shut, a number of the rides were closed, the castle was shut.At HK$620 it was not worth the money. I was told Disneyland HK was loosing money and I am not surprised.We went on a number of rides and they all had positives. Loved the Ironman ride, Starwars and the roller coaster in the Gulch.
If this is your first disneyland, you will love it. I visited other disney land as well, i found this one smaller as compared to others. Though, it still will give you a delightful experience. The rides are lesser but there's lots to do. IF you come first thing in morning, you will be occupied for the whole day.The biggest attraction is the Parade and don't miss the last parade in night   feast for your eyes. My family and my kid enjoyed it thoroughly
HK Disney is the smallest of the Disney Parks and definitely something you can cover in a day. We contemplates doing a VIP tour as we had done in WDW, but left it too late to book and in the end glad that I didn't waste my money here as it just wasn't needed unless you were to go on one of the Chinese holidays.We stayed in HK central and took the train out which was easy to do with them running every few minutes, it really didn't matter if you missed one. Even the return at night despite all the people it was frequent enough that there was never a significant wait. The People are somewhat pushy though it's some form of FOMO(fear or missing out). The train doors open people push in and out. If you finish one ride it seems you need to run to the next one so you can get ahead of 2 people. Rope drop which would normally allow a flow of people into the park was more like the starting gun of the New York Marathon.That said, we loved the park. Favorite ride is Phantom Manor, similar type of ride to Ratatouille in France but with some magical effects. The light show at night is also worth staying to check out.As a tall person 6' 4  I did find myself having to contort myself into seats to fit my legs in. Same thing with Tokyo, but you can fit. I found crossing my legs and moving my feet as far back in the seat as I could before sitting down made a difference.The Lion King show was amazing so I would put that down as a must!
I   m a big Disney fan so was super excited to visit HK Disneyland. Although we had a fun day.. I can   t help but feel disappointed. The park was very small and I feel the price is extortionate when comparing it to Disneyland Paris   which is much larger and significantly cheaper. I found that it didn   t have the magic of Disney and it just felt like any old theme park. The staff were not particularly friendly and they didn   t engage with guests at all   in fact, I was ignored by a group of 3 staff members! Having said this.. mystic manor is quite possibly my new favourite Disney ride ever   you really have to go on it!!
It was always a dream to visit a Disneyland and it came to true when we visited HK Disneyland. You can easily reach thro MTR station and this is the most convenient mode. We went around the park, train ride, boat ride, tarzan house, magic 5D show, winnie phoo etc. Amazing to witness the main street parade. Huge food court available inside the premises. Overall it was a relaxing day out
We visited Hong Kong Disneyland as group of family on 1st January of 2019. We thought that the park will be packed since is the holiday season but luckily the park is moderately packed.My thought about this place is a great place to spend your day in your HK trip. The park is very nice and it was smaller than your typical Disney park. Compared to other Disney park I've ever visited, this theme park has shortest waiting time especially for thrill seeker attraction and of course no need to check all the fast pass.You can download the apps beforehand to check the schedule for the parade, map, and waiting time for each attraction. Unfortunately in our visit, the Sleeping Beauty castle is still under construction but we managed to enjoy Disney Christmas Celebration.In our visit, We managed to enjoy 6 rides, 1 parade, 2 shows in our 4 hours of visit. If You're a thrill seeker, don't forget to enjoy the two attractions exclusive in HK Disneyland, Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars and Mystic Manor. For a magical time of great fun, you can   t go wrong with Hong Kong Disneyland!
Great day out and it is so easy to do it in one day as it is so much smaller then other Disneyland around the world. Just be warned that currently the 8pm fireworks aren't on due to maintenance on the castle
Disneyland never failed to amuse everyone  Excellent and friendly, park and attraction are great  Crews are great, speak english, and also nice hotels
A great way to spend the day in Hong Kong. All the usual well run Disney facility's. Easy access to the venue we used the MTR all the way which was easy. Crowds were OK for mid week and winter. Cost HK619 for the day each adult. We ate in the explorers club restaurant and had an Asian curry which was OK although a bit bland to cater for all tastes. All in all e all had a fantastic day out.
Awesome feeling and great experience. Really enjoyed a lot with family. Would love to visit the place again and again
This is the first time we visited Hong Kong Disneyland.. We decided to go to Disneyland during chinese new year holiday.. It was so crowded and not really enjoy the attraction..
Entering the HK Disneyland tend to bring back the child in you. While inside you'll forget your life's problems and if magically youre in a different world full of fun and fantasy. I love the rides but very few restaurants to choose from.
I personally haven't gone to a Disneyland outside of California so I didnt know what to expect. The cultural ties to the Chinese culture that they implemented at the park was simply amazing. This is probably the only park where Mickey can speak Cantonese. The park is very clean, it was smaller than your typical Disney park. There are various shows you can watch throughout the park. The rides are similar to what you would find in California. I believe the Iron Man attraction might be unique to HK. The park was busy but not to the point where we had to wait hours for a ride. It averaged 30 minutes or so per ride. If you're looking to experience something different from Disney, this would be the place to go. We only went for the day and was able to go on everything we wanted to go on. Just keep in mind that this park is smaller. I would not recommend coming here during Chinese New Year or Golden Week.
First time I've been to Disneyland, so I have no benchmark for comparison. Smaller than I expected, but big enough to fill a full day for two adults. Lots of fun to be had, though some of the rides are aimed at children, so don't be disappointed if you're too big to fit on them. The Disney train was very cool, and had a real air of excitement...Join Mickey and Minnie for the day and enjoy :)
I   ve visited every Disney park except Shanghai and this is perhaps my favorite for a toddler. It   s a close replica of the Anaheim Disneyland but smaller without some of the big kid rides. PROs:1) For a Disney park, it   s not very crowded. I love Tokyo Disney Sea but the crowds really kill the experience there. People in Hong Kong apparently do not wake up early even when the park opens at 930am. There   s really are no lines for the first couple hours. Even during the busiest hours, the lines are moderate. 2) I love the variety of foods from all different regions. I actually looked forward to meals. 3) When we were there, they were 6 different times for the Jedi training and it was never full. 4) Admission tickets are so much cheaper than any other Disney park in the world. You can use apps like Klook to buy discount tickets and discount meals. If your children are under 7, this really is the perfect Disney experience.
There is some wonderful excitement built on the train ride to Disneyland with the cute Mickey themed carriage. We enjoyed Mickey waffles while there and the Lion King Show. Other than that the lines for rides were very long and I felt the experience was quite overrated. I MUCH preferred Ocean Park.
Most of the staff members are friendly and accommodating. We were there on over chinese new year and the place was packed. The lines were a bit too long and a lot of people. During the parade, the Disney employees who were in charge to keep the crowd away from the floats were cranky and ill mannered. Disneyland is really a beautiful place. There were restaurants and food carts at every corner. The restrooms were all big and clean. The rides and attractions were enjoyable enough that you would want to see ride them again.
It is a worth it experience. Enjoyed it together with my daughter and grandchildren's. Feels like young again.
Magical as expected. Fairy tale! Some great themed rides, highlight for us was the Iron Man. Go for the slightly more expensive ticket that gets you priority pass, otherwise you will need to queue quite a bit.
If you have a kid with you, you would have her or his eyes feast on all the attractions here. It isn't as big as Ocean park but it is good for those who have been wanting to see Micky Mouse in person. Sadly the time I was here is when the castle was renovated.
Very crowded most of the time and long queue for rides. Food limited choice and quite pricey.  Kids can collect stickers given out by staffs all over the place. Just need to approach the staffs for free stickers
As a family we have been to Disney Florida many times. HK Disney is smaller but still has all the charm of Disney Florida. My girls had a great day and even at the age og 16 would go back againn
Stayed in Disney   s Hollywood hotel and spent 3 days in Disney Hong Kong with our 3 year old daughter   She had an amazing time with all the characters and princesses  Park is smaller than Florida and California but well worth a visit
Small Disneyland compared to Paris and the attractions are espcially for kids and only some of them for adults. We came here after the Typhoon so some attractions were closed. The price is a bit high for what you get. Overall we had a great time and it took us about half day to finish all the park. If you are looking for thrill attractions for adults, Ocean park is much more better!
I visited the Disney parks at LA as well as Florida but really impressed with Hong Kong Disneyland during the last visit. It was well connected, well organized, and the staff were very friendly and helpful. It's good for a full day visit but it needs some planning so that one must decide on what shows to watch and which fast passes to gather.
It was a busy night at around 1900hrs at Royal Banquet Hall on Feb 20. Long queue for ordering food and most tables were occupied. However, there was a staff called Wilson. He was absolutely professional. He smiled all the time even when he was cleaning up all tables (non stop). It made us felt warm like home. Keep up your professional work and effort. Not many staff could smile like you. Beautiful smile.
So much of the park is closed!! Very disappointing   only a few rides In the park. I do know there is an expansion planned, but so much was closed now, I don't know how they can afford to expand! I knew it was a small park before we went, but it is lacking the 'Disney' in every aspect... other than the cost! It is really easy to get to on the MTR and good for about 3hrs of entertainment If you are looking for something different to do while visiting HK.
Had a great day here.  Lines get long very quickly, so was glad we got there early and huge crowds.  They have terrific souvenir shops of which prices were not to bad and the food was very good, especially the caramel popcorn   amazing.
this was a very interesting park because although it was very crowded, the line ups were never too bad... we went in with a plan because we only had one day... but we did enjoy ourselves. i suggest going shopping early in the day because the people there were savages! the store workers couldnt even keep up with people throwing things on the floor and all over the shelves... what a mess!! it was a terrible store experience and i waited 45 mins just to pay! the park was fun   the space mountian was fantastic but the shopping was awful so just know that going in   only need one day for this park
Such a lovely place that really took me back to my childhood. Although queue can get long and the fast pass is not logical, the displays are great! The rides are great! A few good food options! Parade was great! Fireworks great! Great shows! Really enjoyable and can spend the whole day here. It   s a small Disney Land but really lovely.
Fantastic experience. Enjoyed every step of our stay in this wonderful theme park. Thank you DisneyLand, Hongkong.
No doubt people keep saying this is the happiest place on earth. To be honest, this place is quite far from the city, but don't worry you can reach here using MTR. I personally think the entry ticket is quite pricey, but it's all paid off with incredible attractions. It's truly magical! If you are family with kids, it's a must visit place, you can meet almost all Disney characters, and don't forget to capture your moments, there are so many beautiful photo spot to be captured. Suggestion: you'd better come in the morning, since the weather is not too hot and there will be more crowded in the afternoon. And if you are not in rush, be sure to see the parade or the fireworks show in the night (about 30 minutes before the closing time), that's really worth the wait, and I can say that's one of the best show I have ever seen.
We never had went Tokyo Disneyland or Shanghai Disneyland. Hong Kong Disneyland was our first Disneyland. It was not crowded so we can enjoy 4 hour stay.
Much smaller than the US versions and you can easily cover the entire park in one full day. They have some things you can't find in the US, so, it was fun to see those.  The mystic manor and space mountain were my two favorites.
Easy to get to using the MTR. Change at Sunny Bay station onto the shuttle service out to the Disneyland Resort. As you   d expect lots of Disney themed stuff going on, the train with Mickey shaped windows, hanging hand grips Mickey shaped, various statues of characters in the carafes. We went in February on a damp day. Not overly busy, with queue times between 0 and 10 minutes without any kind of priority boarding ticket. Having been to Disney Land Paris and Walt Disney World in Florida I was still hugely impressed and couldn   t stop smiling for the whole visit. A real mixture of East and West themes going on, similar in so many ways but different enough to make it still feel new. There was some building work going on around the castle and as a result the train wasn   t working though that didn   t detract from the day. Log in to the Disney Land Wi Fi and we got a HK$10 voucher. Thoroughly enjoyed Toy Story Land. The classic area of Tomorrow Land rebranded as Star Wars & Marvel. I was in Hong King as part of a short break celebrating my birthday and would thoroughly recommend taking the time to visit. You   re never too old for Disney!
Each visit is just as magical as the last. My son always enjoys meeting the characters and the food that's shaped like Mickey. Would only recommend that they have other food options other than the exiting ones as variety for those that visit frequently
My kids love it. Lots of rides for children and adults. Food is good and lots of places to buy souveniors.
The rides, views, and character actors were marvelous. I highly recommend the Lion King Festival (at least I think that   s the title of the show) as the music and dance is spectacular for anyone who enjoys enjoyed the movie. The night parade was a bit too crowded for my taste (I got slightly injured due to the immense number of people) but the parade was fun to watch. Getting on rides isn   t too difficult as the queues are usually only 20 30 min long.                                                                                                        .                                                                                ...                               (       3          )                          !    **   ,    **                                                                                                                  .
It is definitely the happiest place on earth. Start off your day with a photo op with the balloons. Then make sure to have a photo pass you could get great photos taken by pros. You can opt to have your daughter be a princess for a day. If you are staying at the hotel it is just near the restaurant. Make sure to catch both the day and night parades.
Great place to visit if you are any age! Really clean and the workers do not allow line jumpers (which is good). It is a smaller park but this makes it easier to navigate and you don't have to keep going back to see thing you missed out on.
Went with 2yrs old and 5yrs old. 5yrs old had fun since he already know how to enjoy and knowing the characters. Crowded as usual as i went during a Sunday and its CNY period. Most rides are kids friendly.There's much more attractions compare to many years back during my first visit. Great for both kids & adults.
A wholesome place to take the kids. Only gripe was that the Its A Small World Ride was closed due to upgrading. Love the food that caters many cuisines both Asian and Western. Don   t miss the Light Saber churros : )
Sure, after Anaheim, this park is small. But so much fun. We travelled with our 3 year old and it was perfect for him. We enjoyed 3 days in the park. You can't quite see everything in 1 day   2 is perfect and 3 just gave us the luxury of time to see everything with time to spare. We were blown away by the shows   Mickey and the Wonderous Book and The Lion King are incredible. Skip Moana if you are on a schedule. Rides aren't that thrilling, but definitely good fun. Disney has this amazing knack for making kids rides that are fun for adults too! Toy Story Land's parachute drop is the best!! Make sure you get there at rope drop to maximise your time in the park. Food is expensive, but good enough. Choose week days for low crowds   we were there 2nd week of Jan and crowds were good. Take the train (MTR)   it's part of the experience and easy to do with some planning. Saved money by buying tickets on klook   easy to use. Often can get a discount vouchers for shops on main street between 10 and 10.30 while waiting for rope drop for rest of park. They can store your parcels and collect at end of day.Consider booking a character meal (e.g. breakfast at Disney hotel) to get those great character snaps  saves you needing to line up during that precious park time!
My friend and I ended our Hong Kong trip at Disneyland since we had a late flight out that evening. We checked out of our hotel (purchased tickets through our concierge which included the bus ride there). We dropped off our luggage right before the entrance to Disneyland for a reasonable fee there is a special place at Disney to hold your luggage for the day. Small Disneyland compared to Anaheim and Florida but definitely fun to see and experience. The food inside the park was disappointing. Overall, if you have time to see this after you have experienced the rest of Hong Kong, it's worth the time. MTR station right at the exit, easy to catch it and then catch the Airport Express.
very nice place. i love it so much. very big and spacious. the rides are very modern, the parade of disneyland figures is also very beautiful and nice. unfortunately when i was there, the disney castle was under renovation so i couldn't see the fireworks show.
Everything are fun fun fun! But the food quality ahould be checked since uts really pricy and everyone are willing to pay
Great day out .....granddaughter had an absolute ball.  great main street parade and rides for the kids  as expected food n drink a tad expensive   Pleant of spots for us oldies to sit and relax
Went to Disneyland with my family and indeed, it   s the place for small boys and girls but also for adults. It brings back fun memories of being a child. Place is a bit small compared to the other Disneyland. Also, a lot of renovations are going on. A bit disappointment was the parade of lights since not all characters were present during the parade. Felt like we were cheated.Over all, it   s nice to experienced and see the difference from the other Disneyland places.
Back to your childhood life, this theme park are full of imagination. It   s very attractive. Spend the the whole day, from morning to the evening. You   ll never get boring here because it shows a lot of attractions. Don   t forget to see the fireworks as a closing ceremony.
Very small Disneyland compared to the other countries. Beautiful Disney themed train to reach the park. Big disappointment due to the Disney castle closed down and no fireworks, friendly staff and very helpful
Visited on January 1st. Used MTR from Kowloon which was quick and easy 2 changes. Quirky Disney carriages on last one. Caught the 4pm parade   flights of fantasy and the 8pm Paint the Night parade also the 7pm we love Mickey projection show birthday edition. The magical twilight snowfall at 6:45 was fun to see. Some areas were closed for renovation but still plenty to see plenty of queues for the rides. Overall a great visit even for big kids.
It was fun to go to HK Disneyland. We stayed at one of the Disney hotels and took the private bus there. We had pre purchased tickets   and be aware that there is a great senior discount!This was my first Disneyland in Asia, and my understanding is that Tokyo Disneyland is better. Disneyland HK is smaller than the two parks in the US. It was oddly similar, and yet oddly different. The park was clean. Small World was being refurbished when we were there, so we were not able to check it out. Some fun things to note:1. They have Star Wars chopsticks in the Star Wars shop! Wish I'd bought more. 2. We had Indian food for lunch, and it was spicy but good.3. They had the usual Disney signs with rules before you get on a ride, but I don't recall seeing  You should be sober  as part of the instructions in Anaheim or Orlando! Disneyland is out on Lantau Island. Although we had fun, I would probably spend my time doing other things next time.
Disneyland is what it is. It makes people happy, not only kids but also adults like me. The parade is something to watch out. Although my advice is be early and get priority passes, if budget permits, to enjoy your day. We have 4 passes and this made a great deal in our experience.
Although this is the smallest Disneyland in the world, it doesn   t discount on the value. It definitely worth a visit!
Indeed a happiest place on earth! My kids enjoyed it a lot from my eldest (10years girl) ,6 years old boy, 4 years old boy and 1 year old girl. The light show, the parade are fantastic even the food!!!! Yum!
We chose a Chinese National holiday to visit Disneyland so it was busy but as we were travelling with small kids we were too worried about going on a lot of rides. We had bought the meal deal tickets but found they weren   t good value as they limited our choices for lunch. The Moana show was great and the park was easily accessible for our 2 year old.
It is really one of the happiest place on earth. The ambiance of the themed park will make you feel young and free. As for sure, you will enjoy the rides. Sadly, when we went there the castle is under construction so the disneyland trip isn   t complete.
I've gone to both Disney parks in California and Orlando and while HK Disneyland is very small in comparison, I loved how this park won't have you exhausted by the end of the day and still allow for other activities after you've finished your time. This was how I scheduled my time with my friend. 11 am met a friend at Nam Cheong MTR and rode over to the Disneyland Line. A smart thing to do would be to buy your tickets on your phone as you are riding the MTR. (We didn't and wasted some time at the ticket gate)Once we were in we took our rounds of pictures. The first impression was,  Wow, that's the castle? How awful.  Though when I was there they blocked off the castle so they will be making a more robust castle soon from what I'm understanding.In other parks like Japan and the USA, it's all about looking for the snacks all around the park. (Here's looking at you Dole Whip) I need to get this out of the way, the food is awful at HK Disney. This fact really surprised me given that there's so much good food in HK but it really was pretty horrid. Friend and I had some bad lunch and then went along to other rides. Most rides were about a 20 minute wait which I thought was very acceptable. I think the longest wait we had was for Hyperspace Mountain and that was for 40 minutes.Checked out the parade and was actually hoping for Asian women dressed up as Cinderella or Snow White. Nope. God forbid Snow White is an Asian. But I suppose I get it. lolAfter some snack fails and a Philharmagic 3D show we exited the park at around 6 pm. Took the MTR straight to Tsim Sha Tsui for a nice dinner at 7 pm. At 9 pm, friends and I were parked at a whisky bar and then by 11:30 pm I was home in bed.It was one of the most amazing days because this type of Disney excursion never happens in either California or Florida simply give the scale of the parks and also how awful public transportation is in either cities.I wouldn't recommend coming to HK for Disneyland, that would be a let down. However, if you're sightseeing in HK and have time for Disney, it's a no brainer to go.
We were in Hong Kong in September. The park is smaller than the other three that we have previously visited but has all the expected rides and features. It was pretty quiet on the gay of our visit.
Our 3 year old daughter loves all of the Disney princesses so we had to take her to Disneyland. She had an absolute blast and probably loved the parade best because she got to see all the princesses.Unbeknownst to us we were in Hong Kong the week leading up to Chinese New Year so the city was packed but it didn   t really affect our Disney trip in any way other than it was probably much busier for a Monday than it normally would be.Disneyland Hong Kong is now where near as big as the original or Disney World Orlando, we haven   t yet been to Paris or Tokyo Disney   s so we can   t compare to them. Even though the park isn   t as big as the two in America it   s not missing anything for our 3 year old but it would be lacking in rides and activities for older kids to teens. The classics are there such as It   s a Small World. All in all it was a great trip.
We were lucky because the weather wasn't great when we went which meant it was quiet and we didn't wait for any rides. If you have been to any of the others you may be dissapointed but its still beautifully put together. The rides are small but still lots of fun. I would recommend it for an afternoon or morning, you don't need to spend a full day.
The place is nice, but, after i have visit in Paris and USA, this one its not that great.  it's feet more to little children.  The show at the evening was great.  I really waited to the  space mountain  but it was nice only.
I have never been to any Disney Land and this was my first visit. I do not know who was more excited, my daughter or I !! The place was VERY crowded and everything was super expensive. Most of the rides were childish, but I did enjoy some. Queues were too long for some. What else to expect from such a popular destination? The evening parade was excellent!! Enjoyed myself thoroughly.
relive your childhood. Disney has everything that a child dreams of. so colourful vibrant and full of energy. great shows. great rides. and a nice theme park totally justifying the Disney brand
This is just for kids only. Very small in comparison to Disneyland, in USA. Most of the animals were just toys; not real animals.  Anyhow a good start is made !!
My daughter experienced being a princess for one whole day and this is a memory of a lifetime.  It is always a treat to visit Disneyland.
What a great opportunity to experience first hand the magic of Disney! After visiting other Disney parks it   s nice to visit a park with the same magic but with an Asian flair. With so many similar attractions like the ones in the US it a familiar time.
Hong Kong Disneyland isn   t as big as some of the other resorts but it has a lot packed in. The park is easy to navigate and there is always something to see or do. Character encounters take place at all times throughout the day and all over the park, often without a crazy lineup. The separate sections of the park are unique and well organized, and each gift shop as something a little different from the others. The Lion King show is amazing and very entertaining. A great place to spend a day or two if you   re in Hong Kong!
I love Disneyland but I wouldn't recommend Hongkong Disneyland.The reasons are:1. The staffs in Hongkong Disneyland not good like Disneyland or disneysea tokyo. They're very rude n not polite. Difficult to speak in English.2. Better I went to Dufan Jakarta than Disneyland Hongkong. I heard staff shouting the people who lining the attraction.3. No smile from the Disneyland Hongkong staff.
Every year I come to Disney with my children, every year is worse than the last one!!!!Prices for entrance tickets are outrageous, specially taking in account that the rides are minimal...Food prices are not normal, even for Disney, super hyper expensive, horrible food, even the junk food is tasteless!!!Only good thing about this place is leaving it!!!!
If you going for the Disneyland adventure this is not the place. The price to enter is ridiculously high and don   t bother with the skip line thing coz it   s just not worth it, if you get there early enough you will get to go on all the rides before lunch and then you have been on them all. The famous Disney castle was undergoing a renovation that was not indicated on their website or at the gate. From the drinks to food and all those stupid little shops everything is way overpriced. The photo below was taken at 11:00.
Visited with my 2 kids and Wife , we had so much Fun .we will be back for Sure.  Disneyland in Hong kong have so many activities to offer , we had great time with my family . I LOVE HONG KONG
Hong Kong Disneyland is the smallest of the Disney parks and not as crowded as Japan. They have the new Ironman ride attraction but some of the old ones have been closed and being replaced.
It is a nice place. I like Mickey Mouse when I was a kid. It feels great when you meet the real cartoon characters. I spend a whole day and it feels refreshing and fun.
Small park so u can finish in one day or maybe less.. Still interesting everytime i visit, its Disneyland in the end..
What we didn't like was the unhelpfulness of the staff. We had pre purchased meal vouchers which we lost soon after entering the park. When we went back to one of the stores to check if we dropped it there while paying for merchandise the store lady was very rude. She rudely asked bow do we know it's your even if we find it. I asked her how many other people have come looking for their food vouchers, she said none. I couldn't believe how crass these people were. We requested the reception to reprint the voucher since they had bar code and they refused saying they can't. This just shows how backward their technology is. It's not a big deal to reprint the same bar code. If someone had already used our voucher the bar code wouldn't work anyway so no harm in reprinting it.We were there during the Christmas holidays. It was crowded but well organised. Some of the places were closed since they are expanding. The parade was fun and so we're the ride especially star wars and the grizzly gulch.
A concierge at the hotel found my phone that I had left in a taxi, and wouldn't accept a tip for this! They truly go above and beyond. The actual park isn't as great. They're very rigid with what seem like silly rules and the large amount of older teen early 20's girls with attitudes as their main attendees isn't great. Courtesy from other guests just doesn't happen here as it's all about the selfie.
I bought ticket from KLOOK and easily access to disneyland entrance. Just print out document and present to staff at the entrance.Some bad things are about the present of each cartoon, I waited to take picture with Donald Duck and Daisy but they showed up only short time. Waste my time a lot. Woody at Toy Story showed himself only in the morning. I almost cried when staff told me that Woody will show again during parade time in the evening!Long queue to wait for each machine, wait around 40 minutes to 1 hour and can play only 5 minutes!!!!!Food in Disneyland is not really good, but no choice to eat.
Though HK Disneyland is only a fraction of the typical size, all ages find its fun here! No one will dislike Mickey, Minnie, Donald, Goofy.....First time use 2 day pass and still cannot complete all major attractions! A good reason to come again!
Always wanted to see Disneyland and when I had the chance, Christmas Eve 2018, I was disappointed. Maybe if I had been 7 and not nearly 70 I might have enjoyed it more. I expected to see a lot more characters and not be confronted by closed exhibits.
Sorry to say but the most interesting part was probably the Disney themed train for the final leg of our journey, As seniors we thought that the day would be a leisurely one with plenty of rest stops. Not even close.The only postive was taking the    train    around the outskirts which told us there wasn   t much to see, less enjoy. Rides were for 10 12yo and under and their parents carers. Food drinks overpriced and not what an Aussie would consider half decent.Highlight was photo of    Thanks for visiting Disneyland
What a day, you could easily spend more than one day. Heaps for the young, old and young at heart. If you dont like adrenaline rush rides there are plenty of other rides and sights to see. Long waiting period for the rides. Great parades and light shows at dusk are breath taking. A must to go, Be prepared for a long day.
My daughter and I had a great day at Disney. We got there when it opened and did most of the rides at least once before it got busy. Would recommend getting fast passes for repeat rides and then enjoying other rides whilst waiting for your fast pass time. Food is expensive and not great. Overall a good day out   we had fun esp as it was Xmas and the decorations were nice.
 Too experience to visit ,for over $600 Hk , every things so crazy , waiting time for any ride well over one hours ! washroom is closed to one and half hours wait ,poor ladies 1,the foods is so pricey ever Micky would not buy it ,people ,people ,people ! it is a small kingdom with no local want to come ,no wonder they lost money every year ,better off save time and moneys do some things else ,you will thank me for it !
After going to euro disney in paris and disney land its a bit disappointed to go to disney in hong kong. you will feel the disney vibes but it is very small and only 3 or 4 attractions for adults. for children it is great and they will enjoy int
A tad disappointing after Paris Disney as it is small and has only a few fun rides. Most disappointing was the lack of variety in the retail therapy!!!! Sorry Disney but I   d go to Ocean Park next time.
I love being in Disneyland! the ambiance, parade and everything was great! But the food taste there is so so.
Overall a small park compared to the other Disneyland. Definitely only need a day there. When we went in late April it was very hot and we ended up buying a umbrella which was brilliant for the day. Sadly the castle wasn't open when we were there and surrounded by wire fencing which made photos hard. Overall a splendid day and lines were not an issue at all the max we had to wait was 20 mins
I'm writing an honest and truthful opinion of this park. I'm not paid by anybody to discredit Disney. If you in HK, do not go to this rip off expensive overpriced park, which is not even worth HK$10 let alone paying over HK$400. There's no attraction, the rides are garbage, no decent food court and the price of the food is three to four time the price. this theme park is just as big as the Victoria Park in HK.Those who are commenting about how wonderful the time they had must have been paid by Disney or high with something. I would rather go to Ocean park which is much bigger and more things to see and do.Just to get to Disneyland you are paying US$ 15 20.
Easy to get to via taxi (approx $130HKD from the airport). Lion King and mickey's storybook were the best shows in the park.fantastic parades and even adults feel included in the disney atmosphere! Food & drink is a little pricey.
My first experience to Disneyland n it was great. Had so much fun with my partner. From space ship roller coaster, to andy toy story, tarzan tree house, cool mickey mouse show, until the unexpected backwards train ride. It was great n very challenging, well got me screamed a few times lol. Worth to come back !! For all age.. u r welcome
I visited this superb amusement and theme park two times already. On this last visit , I took my 86 yr old father with me. He enjoyed like a child. The whole area is divided into 7 zones and each of the zones is uniquely planned and designed with the speciality of that zone in mind. Each zone has a ride, a show , an eatery for that area. I loved the Grizzly bears mining area with that stupendous ride!! The zone is planned with hot water geizers and rocky mountainous type. Excellent. Also the space ride area was too good. Starwars themed people were going around. The ride was great. I also liked the Little children's boat rides. The shows were a little less exciting for us. Because it's really for the small kids. There is a nice rail line around the park for easy travel. We bought the online tickets from the website. That made the enty super easy. Also I had the priority pass for us  that's free, my father had the senior ticket very cheap. The passes really helped us to see everything fast. U need to walk around a lot. But lots of resting places and refreshments are available to take it slow. Protect your head with hats.One day finishes like a sweet dream. Interested people can take the two day ticket if so inclined. There is also a hotel inside which can be included in the package. At designated times there are themed festivities, procession and fireworks which attracts lot of crowds. The journey from the city takes around 1 hr. Discounted tickets are available from klook dot com also. Overall, a lifetime dream came true for me. I have been dreaming of going to disneyland from the last 40 yrs minimum. I am very happy.
Having visited Anahiem Disneyland many years ago, we were not expecting too much at HKDL. However, we thoroughly enjoyed our vist. A highlight is the Marvel Iron Man experience (unique to HKDL) and also Mystic Manor a twist on the Haunted Mansion. It was quite busy the first day we went (we opted for the two day pass) but it was still manageable and the only issue we had was finding a table to eat at.... and the queue at the Starbucks for a coffee.
Great day out for the family. We had minimal ques and saw all of the park in one day. Going back for the second day to watch the shows. Easy train ride to the park.
It's been a long time since last step into HK Disneyland. (Actually, less than 1 year ago, as I went for the HK Disneyland run that run thru the park...and I went for the 2018 edition again this time lol)So this time into the park direct to see the shows and some of the rides. (Frankly, the queue is scary; unless you go first thing in the morning, or buy  get the fastpass, 1 day is not enough to see ALL the shows  rides... ) Ok, certain things are under renovation   including the well loved Castle, and thus the fireworks at night though never stay that late.Stay for the new Mona show, Lion King show, the favorite Small World ride, the Pooh ride, ...and of course the well loved parade.As usual, magical at least for me to see Mickey and most of the Disney characters.
We spent our daughter's birrhday in Disneyland. As per her this is dream come true! The shows, rides, shopping is the peefect gift you can give your children. You will also realize that there is a child in you as well. Myself and wife too enjoyed the day. Gegerally we get tired walking..but that day though we walked the whole day..the intermittent rest during meals and garden was a perfect way to enjoy the whole day.Highly recommend.
A good day out which tired kids out, but unfortunately did not have time to do much due to queues and waiting around.  Been there, done it probably would not choose to go back, especially for the price(s).
Visited from Australia. Enjoyed the rides, parades and shows. Disappointed the toy train ride was closed. Knew the castle would be under renovation. The biggest let down was that as we were leaving, we decided to pop by the gift shop to buy a Mickey and Mini Mouse plush toy (in the Chinese outfits) which was under the sign that said 2 for HKD298. When we went to pay, the girl behind the counter said it was HKD168 each. We took her colleague to show her the offer sign and she said it didn   t apply for Mickey and Mini, but that it was for other plush toys (Duffy and friends toys only). The girl was very condescending and made us feel unpleasant. So we accepted and bought it for HKD336. When we left to Hong Kong airport 2 days later, at the Disney store in the airport (we didn   t know there would be one there) we saw the same deal: 2 plush for HKD298 and we asked if it applied to the same Mickey and Mini mouse, and lo and behold the girl at that store said it did! that is, 2 for HKD298!! So how is it that at Disneyland park the store did not honour the offer when the other store did? We were very disappointed that the staff were very rude when we tried to enquire about the offer that was rightly given to everyone at the airport store, but did not give us this offer when it was clearly stated on the stand in the main Disneyland?!? This made what would have been a great day at Disneyland very unpleasant. We have discouraged our family & friends to visit Hong Kong Disneyland due to this unpleasant experience. Disney, we would like you to be more honest in your promotions and to honour what is stated in your pricing.
Disneyland make you think happy thoughts & just enjoy the day! We had too much fun that we almost didn't realise it was almost closing time...will definitely come back here   real soon!
What else could I possibly say about going to Disneyland that hasn't already been said. A truly magical place. A bit different from the original Disney California. Space Mountain is a combination of Space Mountain and Star Wars. Quite hysterical Hearing R2 D2in your ear while riding in the dark. The haunted house is a combination of Raiders of the Lost Ark style seating and has some of the facts of the haunted house. The jungle cruise is way better then California Disney. The whole Adventure Land is very green and Lush. The Toy Story Land is incredible. Full of lots of great rides. The Thunder Mountain is amazing and much better than California. Super easy to get there using the MTR.
I was here 3 years ago and the park has a slight change. This time there is no firework at night but only parade of the disney characters. If you are looking for halal food the place is at adventure land. They serve asian food and quite resonable price. As for the ride, please go for the iron man ride and it is 3D and also go for the star war Jedi training and you fight with darth vader. For starwar fan, you must not miss this. Every ride waiting time is about 20 minutes Overall the park is well organise.
Whilst there was not as many rides as Disneyland Paris it was still a good day out. The light show was great. There seemed to be a lot of rides and cafes closed. We knew that the castle wouldn   t be open but I was a little disappointed about the other rides especially considering the cost of tickets.
The first thing on our agenda when we finished checking in the hotel was to go to Disneyland. It was a first time trip for my mom and my son. Even though we were tired from travelling we felt that the happiest place on earth would cheer everyone up. We bought tickets from klook which was very helpful. The lines were very long and we can   t seem to catch the best time for pictures with Mascots. We enjoyed the simple ride in Small World and the intense and visually interactive Mystic Manor.
Our family went there, everyone loved it although it is very small. But it is defiantly Disney and worth going to for any Disney fan. There are the popular rides, restaurants and characters in the park. You can also get a special Disney charm there from Pandora.
Our family of five (kids 4, 2, and baby) went to HK Disney and had a magical day. We found that there was plenty to do even with very small kids. The only unfortunate thing that happened was some inconsiderate staff hurrying us as we were delayed due to some baby issues. The other thing to note is that many shows are light on english     we still had fin but it modestly reduced our enjoyment at times.
It's great to visit Disneyland, don't miss the spectacular shows they have.  I wish they added few more thrill rides.
Me and my friend went here last Jan 15 this year.. we enjoy roaming around and the rides.. we didn   t get a chance to visit the other sides where the roller coaster is.. I thought they have a Ferris wheel but they don   t have.. and the castle is still under renovation that is why they don   t have a fire works display which supposed to have to complete your Disney trip.. I think it   s better to visit again if the castle is done..
If you love disney land then this is something you have to do. Unfortunately i enjoyed Shanghai and Tokyo's Disney land wayyy better.. nothing wrong with the hong kong one, but i think its the smallest one. Basic rides. But again, if you are a Disney land fan like myself, then this is a must do
We stayed at the Explorers hotel for 2 nights with 1 day access to the park in between. This was perfect for us as we have a 3 year old only and she can not go (does not want to go) on most rides.The park is so well run and manages the thoursands of people really well. It is perfectly maintained and is truly  Disneyland . Lovely music playing everywhere, plenty of staff whenever you have a question or need help, lots of food and cooldrink options. They have created this happy place. We loved it!
they don't have as many rides as other Disneys.  Easy to get to.  Charge a fortune for bag storage but there are cheaper lockers if your bag is not big. Castle is still being built so not great yet.
We feel at Disneyland, like in the USA or Paris...  not that many people in winter  Fast pass are free : don't wait in line !  a great day, as usual !
There were only about two rides in each of the lands areas and several of those rides were closed. The park is small and so each of the rides are compacted into small spaces. The rides were short. The best show was the Lion King, Moana was disappointing. The lines were only 15 30 minutes waiting time. It's about $80 to get in. They have cooked squid they sell at kiosks and it tastes like beef jerky. You can take the subway to get to Disneyland
3rd DL park visited after going to both the Anaheim parks.Went in January 2019, was 19 20 degrees Celsius. Perfect for walking around. Fantasy land and toy story land were always very busy but the rest of the park was generally quiet. Longest line I saw was dumbo ride with a 40 min wait. As DL HOTEL guest we got a few priority passes. We used these for the popular attractions and we lined up basically for 1 2 mins before walking onto a ride.Highlights: grizzly gulch mine car ride, iron man experience and hyperspace mountain.Favourite show: Mickey and wonderous book.Favourite parade: paint the night.Characters: in two days we saw about 15 characters. They seemed to be easier to access than California. They also interacted better. Overall: 1 day is enough for regular travellers. Disney freaks will need 2 days to see everything. We did 2 days and went on major attractions 3 4 times and just took our time. It was much less stressful than California! The castle is getting renovated and will be completed I believe next year. An ant man wasp attraction opens in March 2019. It was a great park and we had lots of fun!
If you haven   t been at other Disney, you will have abre at time specially if visiting with children. If you   ve visited Disneyland in California or Disney World in Florida you   ll be disappointed here. It is like all Disney   s very pretty but way too far, complicated to get there, expensive and small! Very few attractions and with only the oldest classics of the park like Jungle River Cruise, Dumbo, It   s a Small World, etc.
As a local, I have annual pass and bring the kids visit almost once a month. Despite the park is not big, and it is enough for a full day travel, and the extension may take a few years later, which perhaps a second day visit as well. My understanding there are some package tour to stay the Disneyland resort hotel and have compliment tickets to visit the theme park as well.
Brought mum for the first time to Disneyland when she is 62. She loves it as much as I do. Bought merchandises for her to wear just like the children in d park!Toilets however can be cleaner and should have queue for elderly for the rides.
There are more people here than the other themepark but this one is small and not much rides attractions. It is only because of the name that people flock this place. There are other countries with good Disney park but not this one.
My adult son and I had a wonderful day in Dec 2018. We are bid Disney fans. We went to China to complete his around the world Disneyland parks by going to Hong Kong and Shanghai. This park like all Disney operation was clean, well laid out, great service and well worth the money. Don't expert a mirror of LA. Plenty of people speak English at least enough to point you in the right direction. Rides were great, food selection is extensive and night activities are well done. It is a long subway ride from Hong Kong then a pretty long walk to front gate. IMPORTANT TIP do not take in any kinds of bags or purses. Put whatever you need in your pockets. It will save you an hour getting in as security lines are very long but the line for people without them basically walk right in.
Hong Kong Disneyland has the magic of the Magic Kingdom but is much smaller in size. It is therefore less crowded and easier to navigate. The downside is the quality and price of the food offered in the restaurants and hotels. There is really no other option unless one takes the subway off site It is also hard to find a willingness in the employees to accommodate special diets such as gluten free. Our granddaughter has celiacs and we asked for ice cream in a dish rather than a cone. You would think we had asked for something unbelievably difficult for them to do. They would only give us the ice cream in a cardboard paper french fry container and not in a plastic cup that they used to serve sundaes in. We found this same reluctance to make exceptions when ordering in all of the restaurants there. It was surprising to find this at a place with the Disney brand, especially considering their prices for food. The actual park tickets and hotel tickets were reasonable.
Why would you spend all that money going to America when you could go to Hong Kong Disneyland?? We had a carefree trip there on the train arriving late morning. We saw the Lion King show, went on rides, watched the  Halloween Parade , ate, drank and had a ball and didn't leave until after nightfall. Highly recommended..
The resort was very nice and provide great experience for kids.Please check the weather before planning for the trip. We visit Hongkong Disneyland during the rainy season so it was raining most of the time and the resort could not perform the parade and fireworks.
2 adults and we had a great time   ate burgers at the Starlight   went on a handful of rides, watched the big parade, rode the train and bought lots of souvenirs
Was at the park for 2 days in Jan on both weekdays. Park was not that crowded and most rides had waiting time of less than 30 mins or so. Weather was great as well. However there was no fireworks at the end of the parade on a weekday which was disappointing.
Being an adult and my first visit to DisneyLand, the experience was awesome. My kids were so happy to see all their favorite Disney figures. Try buying your tickets online to avoid 30 45 minutes queue even on weekdays and be early at the entrance to make most of the attractions since waiting time for attractions were 30 45 mins waiting time. A one day ticket will be enough if you are early. Look for a taxi to get to DisneyLand, they are way cheaper than UBER and off from there by 17:00 since it gets very cold around 8 9 Degrees Celsius in December
Had the most amazing 4days at disneyland. They made my son who has special need and in a wheelchair feel like a Prince. Made everything easy and super friendly
December is really a different kind of ambiance in HK Disneyland, they have seasonal shows that will keep you going back for more.
We visited with two young kids and they called it a highlight of their holiday! It   s a v small park compared to the USA parks but still worth it. The rides were great, it   s worth getting the fast passes if you can. The best ride by far was the Iron Man ride   although there are much scarier ones! The toy story land was a winner with the kids (especially the hot wheels and soldier rides!) and they also loved the Main Street. The food isn   t great, but we didn   t expect it to be! If you   ve got kids and you   re visiting HK the park is definitely worth a visit for a day.
I'd been recommended to go to Disneyland in January as the crowds are less and the weather is great. We visited 2 days and both were very uncrowded, with 20 mins our longest wait for an attraction. Ideal for kids between 5 11 years old ! The night parade was a highlight.
Disneyland   Oceanpark   Be there by 12PM and 1 day is more than enough. Boring for thd adults but decent not great just decent for kids depending on how much they love the disney characters. If its just your curiosity to experience the hype of Disneyland then please opt for Oceanpark. Amazinb rides, and many themes like zoo, aquariums, waterpark and rollercoaster rides to experience. Definitely the better option.
It was January 2015 when we visited HongKng on a family trip, our first international trip of course it will not be complete without visiting Disneyland, so we pack everything that we just need for the trip , so we won't be over baggage, hahah..just enough for the 2 nights stay, not knowing the temperature in Hong Kong that time increase up to 6 degrees and even 3 degrees when we left on our way back to PH, the jacket that we brought was not that enough to insulate us to very cold weather,, and even that time, it's the longest time that HOngKOng even experience that kind of very cold weather. One lesson learned from our travel is to always check the weather so you will be more than ready to enjoy the trip. But still we enjoyed the Disneyland tour especially my daughter who loves Minnie mouse.. Hopefully we can go back again and feel young at heart again.
This is my second visit to Hong Kong Disney. I remember it being not remarkable the first time (many years ago). But, this time, I think it is worth the price of admission and a great getaway. There's several Hong Kong only rides that you have to do. Comparing to Shanghai Disney, I prefer this one a little more. We spent two days here and could have stayed a little longer. So, if you are a Disney fan, do not count this Disney as the little one. It has pure Disney heart.
It was nice time to go there and see the parade. But the queue to take picture with Mickey and Minie was tooooo long.
My husband and I had a long layover at the airport, so we left our bags at the Left Luggage counter in Terminal 2 and caught a blue taxi to Disneyland. I   ve visited both Disney parks in the States many times, so I was excited to see the similarities and differences at the Hong Kong park.We arrived around 2:30 pm, and there was absolutely no queue. The ticket counter employee kindly informed us that there was no need to purchase fast pass tickets given the small number of guests at the park that day. And she was right! The longest queue was for 25 minutes for Winnie the Pooh. Otherwise, we walked right on to rides or waited 5   10 minutes. I have never seen a Disney park less crowded (we visited on January 9th).Like all Disneys, the park is charming and well done. There is a LOT of construction right now, including the castle and construction in Tomorrowland. There is a strong focus on photographs   so many character meet and greets and photo opportunities everywhere. Perhaps this is due to the new Instagram focused world we live in. It was fascinating to see so many dressed up guests ready for their pictures   high heels, designer dresses, lipstick, etc. This is not your normal turkey leg eating guest at the Florida park. :)The park appears to be quite small compared to CA Disneyland. We spent about 3.5 hours at the park and we were ready to go (we only rode the majority of the rides once). The roller coasters were a bit more exciting than those in the States   Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars (which looks like Thunder Mountain Railroad) is much more exciting. It was also interesting to see the similarities and differences between Mystic Manor and the Haunted Mansion. There were also a few new rides and experiences that I hadn   t seen in the States.I   m glad we didn   t take a full day out of our initial visit to Hong Kong to visit Disney, but it was the perfect place to spend a long layover.
Smaller and with much less    challenging    rides than Ocean Park, HK Disneyland nevertheless really delivers.We went to HKDL only a couple of days after OP and thought it might be theme park overkill, but easily managed to keep going from before opening (we arrived 15    prior to 10.30am start) until closing after the final street parade. The family, including 17, 20 and 22 year olds, each had an awesome time. The lines were short (a Thursday in January), the weather perfectly in the Goldilocks zone, the rides fun albeit not too much of a challenge, and the vibe was ideal (how can you not get into it when fully 10 20% of the adult guests are wearing Mickey  Minnie ears or other HKDL headgear?!). I can even recommend forking out slightly extra in buying the combo food package (something I normally eschew), and definitely suggest it   s well worth purchasing online prior to going. If you can only go to one park I   d suggest HKDL on balance (cleaner, easier, fewer queues and less walking), unless you   re after more of a    local    flavour or want more thrill seeking rides. Ideally do both and make your own comparisons. Either way, enjoy the ride!
After visiting Florida Disney World three times it is hard to have anything that will live up to the one in Florida. We love Disney and the magic spirit it creates. Hongkong Disney is very small. We went over the part in 6 hours so buying more than a 1 day pass is not necessary.If you just love to walk around and feel the atmosphere this is perfect.
I got a    It   s My Birthday    badge and I   m all happy with it. The service crew gives excellent service and try to make everything as magical for their patrons as possible. The ride that one should never miss is the Mine Ride  totally worth it. I accidentally broke a piece of glass item in the shop, when I   m about to pay for it  the crew (female) didn   t want me to pay as they knew it was a genuine accident (Shop At Hotel Hollywood).
It   s small but still huge areas and attractions to discover in one day! Just go at opening time and during week day otherwise it will be terrible experience. We were lucky to visit mid of week days that   s why many of the attraction areas not much people on the queue!
It was so nice to escape the city for a day and visit Disneyland! It   s easy to get to (take the train from HK central to Sunny Bay, on the Tung Chung line, then change at Sunny Bay, then the purpose built Disneyland line (Mickey theming literally everywhere!) to the resort. It   s around 600$HK which is around   60 or US$75 for a one day pass, and one day is really all you need. (They do sting you a little on the locker charges though). It has all the Disney touches you   d expect at a Disney park, but it   s very small and compact. I was lucky that the day I visited crowds were low. I never queued more than 10min for anything. Hyperspace Mountain and the Iron Man ride were great, Tomorrowland is probably the best for adult guests. The mine train in Grizzly Gulch is great too. Mystic Manor will seem strange if you   re used to the Haunted Mansion, but it has its own charm. Almost everything is kid friendly and Fantasyland seems to take up a larger proportion of the park than in Florida or California. It was so quiet that some food outlets were closed, but the Skyliner Diner, Explorers and Banquet Hall had good choices and plenty of seating
This Disney is very small and one day pass was more than adequate. The castle was closed off for refurbishment, so no nice pics of the castle or sounding area, the castle is also only half the size of other disney resorts. The Mickey light show in main street was excellent and very well done but sadly the night show that we waited for was cancelled 2 mins before it was due to start because of about 3mins of a VERY light rain shower. We have visited Florida Disney many times and it is obviously far superior but the main comment I have to say is that every single staff member at Hong Kong looked miserable and that they didn't really want to be there, by comparison Florida staff are bursting with smiles and fun. Not many large rides here and only two fast pass rides. We ate at the Chinese restaurant which was just average food. I would definitely recommend a visit and for those that can 't compare to other Disney parks you'll have a great day out.
I assume its smaller than the one in Tokyo. Tried a few rides, not too extreme. The rain causing the parade to be cancelled, dissapointed but it was okay. Last minute to ride before the park closed. Can be expensive, but it was okay..
This park is not as crowded as the other disneyland parks and the layout makes it easy to hit all the big rides in a day. Two days would be ideal for completing all the shows and meet & greets. The food options are varied and quite good.
Our experience in Disneyland was unforgettable. From we start until end we are happy all do the weather was bad we are very enjoy.
If you   ve been to other Disney parks be prepared as this one is very small. Still has great attractions and feels like Disney. A number of attractions were closed when we visited so the one day pass was sufficient. Don   t get the add on meal vouchers though, not great value and restricts where you can eat from
My family and I had an amazing time. Yes it's smaller than the others but this it makes up for through its beauty and, dare I say it, originality without straying from the basic Disney experience. One day was not enough and I can't wait to see how it expands in the future.
Our main attraction for visit to Hong Kong is Disneylaned. We are very happy with the trip and a day spent with Mickey and Mini!  Must see for any age, all the more for kids from 3 17 years.
We bought the 2 day ticket   please try as much as possible to spend 2 days here. There is so much to do, to take in, to absorb and to enjoy. Go on every ride possible, doesnt matter if you feel too young for it, Go on it. This park is truly out of this world. Dont even miss the shows! Will entertain disney fans   young and old. Do everything touristy   mickey mouse waffles, star wars churro, minnie ice cream, pics with characters, toys and souveneirs. Most of all   take tons of pics. The memories will never leave you.
The main destination we visited hongkong. Dont forget to purchase tickets in by online before coming to void a long queue at the counter. Most of track are suitable for young children and their souvenier shop has pleanty offers. The night attraction also entertain us so much
Disneyland Hong Kong is smaller than LA and Disneyworld parks in Florida but it made for an enjoyable day.The MTR train   which takes you right to Disneyland   is easy, fast and affordable.The only complaint from my husband is that there were no donuts!!!!! :)
It was my first time going to a Disneyland and it didn   t not disappoint. We saw shows of Moana and lion king, did all the rides and we also saw the parade. It was a pricy ticket to get in but we spent a whole day in the park. It was so much fun. I would highly recommend it.
It was a bit of a disappointment when you have to queue up for nearly 30 45 minutes for a rides. Even you want to get fast pass for the rides, they can tell you no pass is available. Park is not big and you can walk around everywhere. With young kids you can rent their wagon for 120hkd per day. Entrance fees is comparatively high as compared to other countries. But still worth to come as the kids love it!!
Our 6th visit to HK Disneyland. Everything is in close proximity and queues weren   t too bad   30 minutes tops. Not bad for New Year   s Day. Still a shame there are no fireworks, but knowing that beforehand we booked dinner when we would normally watch the fireworks display.
This is a great park which is great if you have kids under 13 years of age as it is not to big and can be done in a day if you push it. Kids and adults will love it
have not visited HK disneyland for a few years. compare to last time, toy story is good place to visit. but the star wars theme in tomorrowland is a big disappointment. we queued for long time for commander at post    just one was there R2D2   Shanghai disneyland is much better here. but the 8pm paint the night parade is fantastic!
Excellent day at Disney, queues for most rides less than 20 mins. Philarmagic amazing as always. Really nice feel to the park with far less crowding than Florida. The Iron Man experience was the highlight. Unfortunately evening parade was cancelled due to inclement weather. As in the whole of Hong Kong, public transport is cheap, efficient and very frequent.
We, a family of 4, (kids 11yrs & 8yrs) went to Disneyland on Christmas Eve. We had read the reviews and just knew we had to be prepared for the crowds but I have to say, we were pleasantly surprised. We booked our tickets online through Klook, which proved effortless as we showed our QR codes to gain enterance and off we went. We were inside the main enterance just after gate opening. We had been to Disneyland California and roughly knew the rides we wanted to get on, so headed straight for them. We rode quite a few of the rides with little to no waiting time and made our way around the park easily picking rides depending on wait time. We only had the 1 day, so if you do too, I suggest you wear comfortable shoes. Yes, it   s a smaller park but there   s still kilometers to walk. Ultimately, we had a great day out and would definitely recommend a Hong Kong Disneyland visit.
We stayed at the Disneyland Hotel and spent 2 and a half days in the park with the kids. Hire strollers in the park for young kids at HK$120 to ease the kids walking and tiredness. A good spread of attractions and rides for old and young. Food in the Park is VERY expensive, HK$28 for a bottle of water! The Lion King and Mickey Magical Story book shows were outstanding and 20 30 minutes long to align to small kids attention spans. The Disneyland Park app came in very handy, displaying waiting times at rides and attractions as well as helping to navigate through the park.
Spent a day here at the park on Christmas Eve, the experience was very magical. As always the park is filled with crowd but it did not affect our enjoyment of the day. Used the Disney app and was able to gauge approximate wait time for each ride. We came early in the day and was able to experience a good part of the park. Highly recommend the Grizzly Mine Car and Hyperspace rides. We also watched a few shows and parades. The Lion King show was particular magical, really brings back the kid in us. The evening Christmas themed shows are very memorable and well orchestrated! Definitely a magical and unique experience in HK
Average waiting time for the more popular rides is 30min. Back to the future is replaced by Ironman, I guess. Buzz Lightyear is also being removed. Hyperspace mountain is too bright and windy to open eyes and it's a crazy non stop high speed roller coaster ride. I prefer Grizzly Gulch roller coaster. The speed varies, including a backward ride. There's a cycle of high speed ride too but it's more bearable than Hyperspace mountain.Food is very expensive in the park, as expected. Average HKD120 for a meal.
It was a magical experience, we had young children and they totally had so much fun. For the older children not too many things for them. The best time is at night when you get a more of a magical feel. Have too many photos, can't upload them all.
We went there with 2 days ticket as Disneyland offers this promotions, with 2@$15 voucher and free pop corn.Would strongly suggest to buy advanced online ticket to SKIP the line! You might want to compare official Disneyland with other online travel providers to get the best offer.This theme park is smaller compared to the Tokyo ones, yet as we went on Christmas holiday, around 50 mins waiting time is expected for each attraction, and in the end we can not try all rides.
We showed up at the park about 45 minutes before the opening because I was worried about traffic and the entrance to the park was pretty empty. They opened the park a full half hour before the official opening! Once we were on Main Street, we were able to get photos and do a little shopping before the 10 am opening of Tomorrowland. Some rides opened early while others opened a little later. The castle was under construction, so that isn't a good picture right now. We did the Ironman ride which was very fun and there was no line at all. It seems that since Shanghai Disney opened it isn't as crowded at Hong Kong Disney. We did all the big rides that we wanted to do and funny enough the longest line was for Jungle Cruise. Haha! Our new favorite ride is Mystic Manor, a new and terrific version of Haunted Mansion. It is really well done! Be sure you see it! We loved the park! We made a reservation at Crystal Lotus but didn't have a cute dim sum reservation so we were not able to get that. I wrote a separate review on that restaurant. We had done the whole park and shopped by 1 pm. As we headed out to go to the Disneyland Hotel around 1pm, the crowds coming in were insane! Apparently everyone arrives late and stays late. So we were very happy to come early and leave early. Happy that we went, and enjoyed it! We got discount tickets from Klook.com in advance. When there isn't a crowd, it's a pretty small park and easy to manage. Go and have fun!
We were here with our 11 year old son. It is a smaller park compared to the parks in the U.S. and definitely doable in about 7 8 hours. Our favorite rides were the Grizzly Gulch, Hyperspace Mountain, and Iron Man Experience. My number one tip is to get there right at 10:00. No lines to buy tickets to get into the park and super quick to walk over to the rides. We were there on a Thursday in January and we didn   t have any lines longer than 5 minutes until around noon. We also got a fast pass for Hyper Space Mountain in the morning to be sure we could come back again later without waiting. I would also recommend downloading the Hong Kong Disneyland app to see wait times and get a map of the park. We ate at the Main Street Corner cafe and the sweet and sour chicken and shrimp and the burgers were really good. It was easy to get here with the MTR and it took us about 35 minutes to arrive from Kowloon. I don   t think I would come here a second time, but definitely worth a visit at least one time.
My 2nd time visiting HKG Disneyland...My children and ourselves enjoyed every moment when we were there...A place worth visiting...
I visited Disneyland with my family and partner. My partner and sister were probably just young enough to get away with acting like big kids but even though we are all young adults plus my parents, we all had a great time. The rides were fantastic!Mystic Manor was a fantastic experience and appropriate for all ages, we went on this ride three times. Get to the Iron Man experience early and soak up everything that part of the park has to offer, it is an awesome section.We bought tickets that included meals and drinks and snacks and these were definitely the best value. There are heaps of options for restaurants to eat at so choose wisely where you use your voucher.If you're planning on purchasing souvenirs, take some extra cash as this can get quite expensive.The MTR Train into Disneyland is an experience in itself, it is a completely Disney train and make the experience all the more magical for the kids!
It is my 3rd visit since 2005Every time there is something new, they keeps updating adding attractionsUnfortunately they stop the fire work due to some refurbish for Princess CastleIt is not big one, 2 days is all you need there, but you will enjoy itMost of the attention for all years oldSo all the family will love it
We visited Disneyland Hong Kong mid dec 18, we had such a lovely time there especially the kids. it wasn't too crowded at the entrance, actually we bought the ticket at the hotel itself and this saved us not to make the queue. if you want to explore everything better to go there in the morning itself. Great rides but queue is quite long. when you accompanied with kids you have to ensure extra money for rides toy shop pictures taken etc.... but it worth the price you pay and the nice moment.
We went with 3 girls aged 5 to 13, and there was enough for everyone, which surprised me as I thought the eldest would be bored. Although it is quite geared to little princesses, there are enough good rides and nostalgic experiences to entertain most. To be honest, I really wasn't looking forward to this, as Disney isn't my thing, and I loathe plastic environments, but it was well done, and much more entertaining than I'd anticipated. The Mystic Manor ride was good but the queue was abysmal, and not very clearly signposted. The riverboat ride was fantastic, largely because of the guide who deserves either an Oscar or a pay rise for her brilliant commentary. The Runaway Mine Carts ride was extremely good fun, and very well done in terms of safety. Most queues moved surprisingly quickly, and it was all relatively painless, even for a Disney cynic like me. I much preferred it to Disneyland Paris, which I found to be much more plastic and money grubbing.
I think the hype about Hong Kong Disneyland Resort is more that the deliverable. The actual experience was not what I expected. The expectation was actually too much with all the video and pictures on line.There were very few characters to mingle with. A couple of them just came out a few minutes for picture shoots and headed back in. The on line videos showed Disney characters just walking around the park, interacting with people, making the ambiance of the park more Disney like. This was actually the expectation. I was expecting Cylons, Jedis, Mickey, Minne. Goofy, etc to been seen in the park. But unfortunately, we actually had to look for them.The entertainment in itself was not bad. The place was clean and the staff friendly. But the magical experience did not reach its peak.Don't go there with too much of expectation, or else you might be disappointed like I was. Worth a visit but not for repeats.
Having previously been to Walt Disney World, I decided to take my kids to Hong Kong Disneyland for their first Disney park experience. This decision was mainly based on it being a smaller park so a little bit easier on their little legs. They absolutely adored it! My six year old went on every ride (apart from RC Racer due to height) and apart from Mystic Manor (which he found a little scary), he loved them all. The look of delight in my three year old   s face was also sweet. It was a fantastic warmer for the bigger parks in the U.S.A. One day park? Definitely not. We did every single ride (apart from RC Racer and Tarzan   s House) and every single show (apart from Moana) and parades, net characters, did none of the gardens and we just fit it into two days. And we were there from open to close with a stack of fast passes in hand. Maybe we were slowed down due to having little kids with us but I don   t know how people do the park in one day and do it justice. Where the park lost a star was the food and merchandise. The food was gross. That   s all I can say about that. The merchandise? Well unfortunately there were heaps of shops on Main Street but they all stocked exactly the same merchandise. Apart from Pandora which I don   t personally wear, there was nothing for adults. The variety just wasn   t there and the selection that was there was poor. Would I go back? Probably not now that it has been done but we are looking forward to the next Disney park.
I have been going to HK disneyland several times. Not much change. The parade is still the same and the attraction as well. New attraction is coming but unfortunately replacing my daughter favorite attraction. Some part near the castle is closed for renovation, make it not pleasant to take a picture. For those whom has not visited the park, it will be nice to experience it but after several times it will be boring.
This place is overrated. Entrance fees are expensive, the queues for rides are very long, the crowd is horrible. Tokyo Disneyland is much better. Btw, Ocean Park is way better!
I love disney character since I was a kid, and I brought my daughter here and she loves every part of it. I love the parades, every different seasons too. It always makes me goosebump and love the music. I didn't make any much photos with the character but my daughter did. Worth to pay for the ticket for a year pass. This place is a happiest place on earth for me!
It was our first time to Disney and we had a magical time. I must say I was a bit scared about the attitude of the staff from certain reviews I read. All the staff and all the visitors (local and foreign) were very polite and we had a great time. If you are not a fan of roller coasters Disney Hong Kong is the place to go. It offers more family moments and spreads its magic through beautiful shows like Moana, The lion king, the story book. The park is not that big and can be done in 2 days. Watch out for the timing for Disney parades. Be prepared to queue up to 60 minutes for the popular rides and shows. We will surely go back to Disney Hong Kong.
Way better than the one in Shanghai, and better than Disneyland in Paris. Not very big but the lines are very long in most of the seasons , like anywhere else in Hong Kong you need to wait in a long queue to get in the ride.
We visited Hong Kong Disneyland with our two sons who are in their twenties. We seemed to enjoy it more than them! Lots to see and do, but most on a very tame level. If you prefer the more exciting rides, head over to Ocean Park. But for us, Disneyland was the happiest place on earth that day.It is expensive, yes, but just make the most of it and laugh along with all the others who are there for the day. Remember, if you are 65 and over, there is a huge discount! Normal entry fee is HKD615 and over 65 is HKD100. You can't purchase senior tickets online and have to do it when you are there. Many said that the officials don't ask for proof of age when you purchase this ticket, but they did ask us. So make sure you have this with you!Great day, thoroughly enjoyed it!!
We were here at a busy time of year so there were long queues for most rides and limited express passes but it's disneyland so still well worth a visit. They have WiFi but it's very patchy. It's expensive as you would expect but the kids loved it.
I   ve been to LA   this one is good too. But wait times and crowd can get to you. Getting a Two day pass helps if you have kids on tow.
Compare it to universal studios, Disneyland hongkong is overrated! 1. Tickets are Expensive because half of the theme park is under renovation! 2. Food is way too expensive for a no quality product. They should have at least upgrade the taste, serving and of course presentation. 3. Photo ops with mascots is 15 minutes only. They should have additional time or Atleast post the timeline in a map direction for visitor   s reference! 4. Sellers here are rude! They will not give you unless you pay first, (as if you   re not going to pay if you order duh ) 5. Good for kids who don   t like extreme rides. 6. Picture in maze imposed limited time also. We recommend for children but not with teens who enjoy extreme rides! 7. Food and drinks from outside is prohibited. Again, as if the food here is awesomely tasteful! It   s really a waste of money to eat here. NO QUALITY!!!!! But rather pricy.
Our two day visit to Disneyland was a bitter disappointment. The park was so busy you could not move around freely. The average wait time for each ride was 60 minutes. There is no option of a fast pass as is the norm in many other theme parks around the world. We did not see the Disney Princesses for a photo opportunity (which was the only reason my youngest two wanted to go to Disneyland) and all the other photo opportunities were full before we even arrived at the destination. The train around the park only went one way and did not return to its point of departure. The lines for coffee and food resulted in is leaving the park earlier than we anticipated because the wait was too long. A very disappointing experience to say the least and we will not be back! Please do not visit during the Christmas New Year season!
Bought 2 days pass and it was really worth every cent....easy access via MTR and it took roughly around 25 mins from Tsim Sha Tsui MTR station....we explored all the 7 theme parks....they do have halal food and provide prayer room for muslim....we did not take picture with the character as the queue was too long and it was not a regret as we can enjoyed ourselves with all games with queue time less than 15 mins....please go there on weekdays and not on weekend.....and for those planning to come here with children, take the 2 day pass....
Disney is going under a process of renovation. There are great things to come. Still, being there is a great experience.
Rides wise, kids will enjoy. Tyere are no edtreme rides. Food are on fair price. Got a 3in1 meal promo w our ticket. Best to go to tge rides you want in the morning w less waiting time thennget a fast pass on other rides tgen come back later. You   d really reminisce your childhood on this one.
You can get here from Sunny bay MTR station interchain tonMTR disneyBought 2 day pass in December friendly weather in first day 25, get promo for 2X popcorn 2X Disc HKD 15. Ride also friendly for children below 5. The new ride is Iron Man 3D SPACE ship. And Moana dance performance. There 2 rides that you can enjoy fast pass. Space mountain and Winny the pooh. So come and collect your fast pass ticket firstResto will be full of crowd and long Q, suggest yo have early or late lunch, and bring yor snack for delaying your lunch. Parade entertaint us in the afternoon and a singing fire works performed in the closing day 8 pm but unfortunately this time, the castle is under renovation no fireworks this Xmast.
Went there in the beginning of the month of December. Disneyland is already wonderfully decorated with Christmas lights and many performances during this season. Not too crowded too. Highly recommended.
We visited just after Christmas 27th but the long line never ended . Was great to catch Mickey and Minnie at the first stop.We booked the tour with gray line tours in hongkong , Candy and Gladys were the best . You can get there by subway ( mtr).
I've been to Tokyo Disneyland and Anaheim Disneyland, Hong Kong Disneyland is smaller but certainly if you're already in Hong Kong don't miss it. The Ironman Experience, the Hyper Space Mountain and the Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Cars are the best attractions.
Visited Disney over the Christmas holidays.  Beautiful park and holiday decorations.  Enjoyed the lighting of the Christmas tree.  Definitely a fun day and so easy to get to by MTR.
Disneyland is every child dream place but it is always super crowded. This disneyland on the other hand ain't that crowded! YAY! We went early in the morning. The morning crowd is manageable. We manage to get to go twice on some rides. Did not wait more than 30mins at any rides. Easy to walk around. Christmas lightings were up. We saw the parade and it was fun. Snacks stores everywhere. Many shows to watch. Very well organised place. Go on weekdays and it will be great! I went on Friday and it is not that crowded.
Disney land is great for fun and stuff but 3 years ago, there were rides like the Buzz Lightyear based shooting and Utopia. They were quite popular rides but Disney has taken them away and replaced them with rides like Iron Man Experience. Of course, these rides are quite good but what about the old ones? They were good too. Also, the castle is currently under construction and the food is quite expensive
too many china pple pushing and shoving you around without an apology! so Traumatic. Visited last year and this year...nth much has changed. I prefer Tokyo Disneyland!
First time here in Hong Kong Disneyland... my kids had lots of fun here especially the Mystic Manor and the Toy Story Parachute Ride... The place is huge but because it is too pack during the time we go, so we wasted lots of time is queing for rides and even for foods. There lots of stuffs in there   they evenhave Starwars and Ironman ride in there... my kids loved it... Met Mickey & Minie, Goofy, Chipmunks, Donald Duck and Ironman too...
Went to HK Disneyland last 17th December 2018 with my wife and 3.5 year old son. Even if it   s not our first time anymore, that magical happy feeling is still palpable.We arrived 10:30AM and as expected, we inevitably spent too much time in the first area around Main Street with so much to do and see, before realizing we had to move on to the other areas and attactions. My son particiularly loved the Toy Story Land area, given his familiarity with the characters there, we even went back there at night for a second time upon his request. We also spent more than an hour lining up to have a picture with Micky Mouse, but the long wait was worth it (had an easier time lining up for Chewbacca & R2D2 earlier).We had lunch and dinner at the Royal Banquet and Explorers Club, respectively. These venues offer great food and are good choices in maximizing your Klook meal coupon (HKD 149 per meal and you just pay the excess if any, plus a free ice cream or popcorn). As usual, lining up for rides was a bit of a challenge, but got easier towards the afternoon, so we just chose the ones that were suitable for our son. We took a lot of great photos all around the park and realized in hindsight that we should have gotten the 2 day pass instead of 1 day to maximize; perhaps we   ll do it next time when our son is older.By 9PM, the Parade of Disneyland characters got underway and my son, no matter how sleepy, perked up especially when he saw Lighning McQueen and Big Mack! It was an eye catching moving light show by all the performers who really looked good glowing in the dark with their LED suits and mobile stages. Then after the Parade, we went to the shops for souvenirs before we finally went back to the hotel via MTR (which fortunately operates until before midnight).Our recommendations: 1. If you really expect to spend the whole day at the park, best to avail of the Klook park entry tickets with meals for savings.2. If your overall HK itinerary can accomodate, consider the 2 day pass instead of 1 day if you really want to maximize all the attractions there without rushing so much (your kids will surely enjoy). Downloading the theme park application will also greatly help because you can conveniently see all the shows and at what time. 3. We suggest also that you print the Klook park entry tickets if possible so that it is easy to present it at the gate because trying to open the e coupons from one   s mobile phone can get confusing and will delay the queue (like what happened in our case). (Using the said e coupons, they will print out the official coupons at the gate which you will use to claim your meals snacks later on.)Hope this review helps!
I love the attention to design and detail here, along with all the basic great things that happen here   had a great day seeing things and experiencing many rides. Over time I am thinking they should add another park here. This is a solid one day adventure, and two days if you incorporate some rest   I think staying at the Disney hotels would be very good for that. Having come here from California, and been to the Anaheim Disneyland several times, this might somewhat pale in comparison, but still a fun experience. Also great people watching, especially for a westerner. Snowfall at the Christmas tree was fantastic, and I still love It's a Small, Small World!
My kids very enjoyed it especially Mytic Monor, Lion King Show and Story Book Show. The show was superb and we had wonderful time in Hong Kong Disneyland.
What to say. Everything is magical...!!!  We visited during XMas and lit brilliantly.   Everything is expensive inside.   But once in a lifetime experience...
December is the best of the year toBe at Disneyland. It   s so festive , only problem is the huge crowd due toHoliday season. Kids age 4 8 will enjoy all the kids rides .. there are few good rides only for adults . How   re they have done a good job with so many activities and well connected zones. Mystic Manor was scary and funny. The big FrizY mountain mine car was amazing ... the best ride here .The wondrous magical story was an amazing show. Don   t miss it. Few very kiddies rides are there which u can easily do in any park. The Iron man sharks was a good thriller ride. Tomorrow land has a good food court and the best food was at the Explorer   s restaurant next to Mystic Manor. Good Indian Food. Very expensive but u have no Choice as outside food is not allowed. It was cold day when we visited so needed jackets. Overall a fun filled experience! Recommend it!
I would like to show my appreciation towards the staff at Toys Story   Parachute for their calm and professional assistance towards us when my daughter injured herself on the head when queuing on 23rd Dec. Although our visit was cut short, the staff leave a good impression for us. Thanks again.
I recommend exploring the adventure zone at first then others because the queue was extremely long. Average waiting time was about 40 70 min.
We spent a whole day at Disney during a weekday. Went in the morning, and hardly need to queue. Even in the afternoon, each queue is less than half hour at the maximum. Wonderful experience and the kids love it. The shows are professional and entertaining too. Stay for the night parade!
The park is very well organized. The support staff is helpful. There are lots of brochures and maps and restrooms. The restrooms are clean.Its easier to walk around and is manageable.Vegetarian food options are almost nil. Road side stalls area is smelly with non veg food.Rides are safe with safety checks. The staff checks them all before starting.The queues are long for each ride... about 40 min.We enjoyed the park !!!
I was with my 2 little kids while visiting Disney Land during raining day unfortunately , we were upset that the Train of Disney railroad in Fantasyland to mainstreet was close on time at 6pm even RAINING !! it should be operating to send as many visitors as it could back to the main street in order to get home or get back to the main place for dinner. In fact, many people were wet without the alternate option but to walk all the way to Main Street even some without rain suit and umbrella ...
Visited Disney Land with my Wife and three year old Daughter. My daughter loved it, the kids friendly rides, musical & the shows. Good place for kids to go. Though limited rides for adult, however if going only for kids, they will like it and recommended.
We arrived just after 10 am which is best time to arrive and went straight to farthest rides and had lots of fun in first couple of hours. Runaway train such a great ride along with space mountain. Still can   t beat the parade in the afternoon
The castle was closed! No Street Parade! Pricey food and souvenirs! When they will re open the castle? No definite time, maybe sometime in 2019 or 2020? It was unlucky to us NO CASTLE NO STREET PARADE instead a projector show and Mickey will appear sometime on an elevated stage.Though my teens got an unforgettable experience. This visit happened in the first week of October 2018. Try to choose another month and date if possible because this is the busiest season, so what you expect:1. Very very Long queue 2. Very pricey3. Very hot4. Very noisy5. Plenty of long walksPrepare your wallet, prepare your stamina, prepare for the crowd.The Iron Man experience was the best so far. The small world ride and show was just too much. Don't miss the book reading show, A day is not enough to take all the rides and shows because the long queue made it so difficult for you to finish or watch them all.Book your tickets ahead of time to make sure you won't waste even more time queueing to get tickets because definitely, you need more time to tour the whole place.
This is the third time I had visited Disneyland Hong Kong with my boys. Each boys had a visit and of course the eldest had three! Each of these visits never fail to entertain us and making us enjoy every moment here.Ambience: still as fun and enjoyable as the first time I had visited it in 2013. The party mood is everywhere!Service: the staff are so accommodating and always strive to make everyone happy. They are helpful and never seems to be agitated by our request.Rides and Games: there are some new entertainment, e.g. iron man and Star Wars. Even the older games are so well maintain and clean. I still enjoy them.Food pricing: as in all theme park, food and drinks are expensive. A meal cost us an average HK$120 150. Do pack some drinks for your kids to save up on the drinks part.Disneyland HK well done! I feel so like a child every time I am back here. :)
i like the Hong Kong disneyland and have visited it a few timesthe food particularly has the option of some wonderful chinese cuisinecoupled with the traditional disneyland classic, and this is an ideal place to soenda full day, but do remember to buy a fast track pass...
Superb nice to be here, dream come true. But it was not any firework attraction because sleeping beauty castle has been renovated. Over all, this place is so good, a lot of happy inside
To be fair this was never going to rival the parks of Florida, however there is a fair selection of rides including Space Mountain and Big Thunder Mountain. This is geared more towards the younger Disney fan. Parades are great and there are a good number of shows and opportunities to meet the main characters. Park is very clean though staff have not adopted that American style and focus on customer service, staff were good but not over the top out to make your day magical. Worth a visit if you have a spare day.
We visited Disneyland in early November. The weather was perfect and we were very impressed with the ease in locating the rides and getting from one point to the other. The queues moved quickly on a weekday, I imagine the larger crowds visit on the weekends and holidays. Would definitely recommend and revisit.
Being Hong Kong I thought it was going to be soo much better than what it is. Only about 3 'big' rides in the whole park & I wouldn't consider them big in comparison to places like Thorpe Park or Alton Towers.Happy to say that I have been there, but wouldn't recommend a thrill seeker to go there.
Not to say it is a must visit location in HK. Not only kids but adults also enjoy to the fullest. Well maintained rides and houses lot of theme parks within it.    Its a small world    is a must watch show. Donot come back without watching the parade and fireworks
I really enjoy it. Reminder to download their apps, check out all the busy rides first and get the fast pass
We had a wonderful time. Best time to visit is during the week. Arrive when it opens  you will get about two hours of no crowds. Don   t miss Small World at night  so beautiful, wait for the clock to strike every 15 minutes. Don   t worry about language barriers, most everyone speaks English and signs are all English.
If you have never been to a Disneyland before, seize your chance: this is the most memorable experience you can have in HK.
It has been a dream for me to celebrate my birthday in a very HAPPY PLACE and YES!!! It did happen...thanks to my supportive kids and husband.Well, since I am a Mickey Mouse lover I couldn't contain my happiness when I first stepped out of that Train and felt that super cold welcoming breeze at HK Disneyland; ) Fun rides: We all really had fun with all the rides. I loved the Mystic Mano and Iron Man experienceFood: Oh I find it too expensive (downside).Weather: When you plan to visit in December, make sure to wear thick clothings because it was really cold a week ago.Price: Reasonable with all the fun rides and beautiful architecture.A MUST TRY HAPPY PLACE!!!
We enjoyed our first visit to Hong Kong Disneyland. Despite having the Hurricane just a few months earlier, they did a good job to present the park in as good as condition as possible. Its a nice compact park once you get there and the attractions are quite well done...no substitute for Anaheim though.
So I have now been to 4 Disneyland parks, Anaheim, Orlando, Paris and Hong Kong. Anaheim will always be my favorite, but I really enjoyed this, especially the things that aren't at other parks such as Mystic Manor, Big Grizzly Mountain and Mickey and the Wondrous book.We were there from rope drop to close (11 hours) and did most things as there were no queues early on and only small wait times later.
We're 4 person were visited to Hong Kong during December 2018.The weather is about 17  c and nice weather & no rain. We're able to follow the show time table.We bought 2 days pass to visit Hong Kong Disneyland. If we just purchase 1 day pass, we don't have enough time to complete all theme park's games & activities. I suggest buy 2 days pass.For these 2 days, we visited Hong Kong Disneyland till 9.00pmBeside this, i also recommended purchase Disneyland ticket and meals coupon online before visit to Disneyland. You can save time & money.Having a happy family day at Hong Kong Disneyland.
What a fabulous day out we had a Disney Hong Kong. We got there not long after it opened and for the most part didn   t have to queue for long to get on the rides. The merchandise shop was amazing. The parades were out of this world. The queue time did increase significantly in the late afternoon early evening but we were tired by then so we   re happy to wander around and take in the sights. We   ll definitely go back!
This park is fairly small, but we had a full and fun day. We especially enjoyed Mystic Manor and Iron Man that are different than the other Disney parks. Definitely worth seeing for any Disney fan.
Went here on December 12, the weather was cold not crowded at all. Unfortunately, if you are planning to visit the Sleeping Beauty Castle you'll be disappointed because it is under renovation. There's also no Fireworks. Also when we visited the Jungle River Cruise was unavailable. The kids love the place, but there are a lot of constructions going on.
There were several changes like mickey and the wondrous book, l love mickey night musical, grizzly mine ride.
Disney Land lives up to the expectation. For the first timers it's a place straight out of the story book. Though themed around Disney stories and characters it has many rides which is suitable for most age group. It's a place to relieve fairytale world once again. The live shows are brilliantly performed. Try visiting the place on working days. That makes it easier to see things at and enjoy rides as per own convinience.
Perfect theme park especially for family so many kind of choice of arena  You can see the level of thrill each arena so don   t worry.   For adults there is also a arena like Indiana jones train and good for challenge seekers
Kids were extremely happy..  Snacks and drink available easily..  Staffs were attentive..  Everything were good except the specific group of people (cutting queue and pushy)..
This isn't as big as either American Disney's. About the same size as France and Japan. Unlike the French Disney where no English is used just French this site like all the other Disney's speak English. It's been well made and fantastic to see this island that has been reclaimed from the sea. All the engineering skills behind this fete is breathtakingly great.All the classic rides and shows and even some Chinese addictions. Staff are friendly and welcoming. Food outlets are all good and you need a few visits to take everything in unless you go when the gates open.
Enjoyed the parade and snow fall..pretty packed during parade though..no more fireworks as the castle is under reno .
Disneyland had always been a dream to visit since a small child and it didn't disappoint. Great place for kids (no matter what age). All the worlds had something for everyone. Be prepared to wait for some rides. Food and drink stalls everywhere with plenty of bathroom facilities.
We went on a Tuesday on the first week of December. It was not crowded. We were able to go on the rides twice. (Ironman, Hyper space mountain ,RC racer, Big grizzly bear run away mine cars)My favourite ride is RC Racer and Big Grizzly Bear. The queue is less than 15 minutes. Park is well managed and staff polite. My 10 year old daughter enjoyed every time of our time there.
We had a fantastic time at Disneyland after a gap of 5 years. Some new rides were added and the night parade was awesome. We were initially sad that the fireworks at night was gone. But the night parade didn   t disappoint!! Don   t miss the Ironman ride which is thrilling. Even my 4.5 y.o son was able to enjoy and took it 3 times! Only complaint is almost all the main course sold in the restaurants and foodcourt there were too way overpriced as compared to normal restaurants in town. Sensible rule that selfie stick is not allowed inside.
It's small in comparison to LA,  but rides were fun,  and almost no lines!   We never spent any more than 5 minutes waiting in line.  The app is great as it lets you check line times as well.
Lot of constructions on the way, tones of visitors inside the souvenir shop without crowd control. Almost 30 mins line up on cashier check out.
Hong Kong  Disneyland is the smallest of all Disneylands.  Suitable for  young children .   We travelled with teenagers, as such  did not offer the  excitement of other Theme Parks.The Park is very clean  and well maintained.
Need two days to cover the entire park. Kids will love it . Go early when the park opens to avoid long queues. Throughly enjoyed the park.
Always stay for the final parade. Worth the while and squeeze. Grab a good spot to seat near the christmas tree and you will not be disappointed.  Shows every 15  30 mins before the final event.  Make sure you seat all the rides!
Was there for 2 days (Sunday n Monday) during December holidays. My daughters are happily posing with the Disney princesses n enjoying some of the rides. Enjoyed watching the Mickey and the Wondrous Book.  Food was ok in Disneyland but could have improved better.
Truly Disney.....  A place that showcases about all the Disney characters....  We did a lot is shopping.  One day was not enough, need at least 2 days to enjoy the whole day.  The end of the day parade was awesome.
Visited HK Disneyland for the 3rd time. Experienced the new Iron Man ride which was realistic. Ant Man is the new attraction slated to be released in Mar 2019. Sadly no fireworks due to the castle is undergoing upgrading works.
If you are a disney fan..so this is the place that you should go. Interesting 4D rides, entertaining live shows ( lion king ), met up disney characters, beautiful disney props ( castle ) & exciting souvenir shops. Few might think disneyland for younger kids ( definitely agree ). Adults who like mickey, minnie & donald duck can enjoy this place too.
It's my family's first visit to HK Disneyland. The year end season provides both the climate and the atmosphere for christmas themed shows and celebrations taking place in the park though the day. It's a great place for children with various rides shows eateries which are family and child friendly. My only tip is to try and go on a weekday as the crowds in the weekend are understood to be really massive. I was there on a Monday in december and the crowd was sizeable with waits for rides going up to 30 minutes for the more popular ones. My thoughts are that a 1 day visit is sufficient unless you intend to go for all the rides shows and you have children with you.
A pain. Over expensive. Over cheesy, touristic rip off in one centre. Felt like my entire life   s savings were being squeezed out of me. Ok for the kids but even they got bored of stuff too quickly. Needs rethinking
Just like the other Disneylands but here in Hong Kong is quite small. We were there on Monday but still quite crowded.
Too many places closed down for renovation. We did not experience a lot of fun stuff. We had fun with roller coaster, but that's about it. Personally, I like the shopping part. Their souvenirs are awesome, too many choices! Foods are expensive, but delicious. Not too much to say, but overall its a very good experience for us.
Great day out for family, avoid weekends and July August. Nice new attractions and seasonal themes. bring your empty bottle with you, food and drink are very expensive.
Always a nice entertainment, with good attractions. The only two negative aspects are the price and food options.
The experience starts with taking the MTR to Disneyland. Very thrilling for the kids. Overall, the kids enjoyed themselves. Although it was crowded, the crowd control was done very well and they managed to get masses of people organised and happy. The shows were also quite a masterpiece both in terms of overall experience and showmanship. Enjoyed the ironman ride.
This is our first visit to Hong Kong Disneyland. Our impressions are biased towards Tokyo Disneyland as we have been there prior to HK Disneyland. Apart from the rather small Sleeping Beauty Castle being under renovation, what stood out were how small the park was and expensive food. As it was not yet peak visitation and helped by slightly rainy weather (which also ruined some outdoor shows and parades), we managed to cover all the rides and shows we wanted in a day. Of all the attractions, we liked The Festival of the Lion King, Mickey and the Wonderous Book, Iron Man Experience and Mickey   s Philharmagic.
The rides are almost similar with other Disneylands too. It   s ok to go one time just to see how Hong Kong Disneyland feels.
God I love this place.  Not as big as the Paris one but just as much fun.  The entertainment is spot on and very well organised.  Buy a fast pass though.
When we arrived there the castle was closed and some other rides were not operating, but still had to pay full price. We ate a meal there and it was absolutely tasteless, in fact the worst meal i have had for years.We ordered Shabu Shabu from the Japanese outlet. I wanted to order fish & chips from somewhere near the goldmine but the restaurant was closed.Corn on the cob about US$6, ice cream terribly expensive. My wife enjoyed visiting Disneyland, seeing a couple of parades, a couple of shows and many photos but it would have been more enjoyable if we had children. BUT i am sure it would have cost a lot more because they would be wanting ice cream, toys, pop corn drinks etc and i would not have been prepared to pay these ridiculous prices.
Especially now that Shanghai Disneyland has been opened (which is much bigger) the number of people visiting Hong Kong Disneyland has dropped dramatically. Bad for Disney, but GREAT for Hong Kong people visiting Disneyland. Highly recommended   especially if you have kids!
No matter which Disneyland you go, it's still the happiest place on Earth.  All visitors have a smile on their faces   both young and old.  Very conveniently located.  Seems like all roads lead to Disney
Disneyland is made basically for children but it   s really amazing for adults too. we were there in first few of October and it was not so busy time there, still 2 days are not sufficient to enjoy the whole Disneyland. We enjoyed there every second of the time we spent there. Not only your children, you will not like to come back from Disneyland. Everything is made there is to mesmerise you. Starting from the toy train to meeting the ICONIC Mickey mouse. You can   t forget a single second of your time spent here.Disneyland is divided in 7 sections. In which only two sections have rides, in which fantasyland is for young children and tomorrowland is for adults and teens.Other than rides, you will see, ironman museum with an awesome 7D show. Another 7D show is about Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck.   it   s an small world    ride in a boat is simply the most charming. Well I will not say much about other attractions, but all are equally awesome. Park is super clean and well maintained. You won   t find anything which looked dirty or worn out. Staff is very supportive. When we were there HALLOWEEN was around corners, so the whole park was decorated with Halloween theme. Entry fee has just right price tag but rest everything inside is so costly. A half litre water bottle costed 35 HKD. A mickey shaped lighting balloon costs HKD 150. Logically this balloon should cost less than 15 HKD (150INR) in India. Other than attractions, you can also shop there extensively, from a basic T shirt to a great party wear gown, a simple water bottle to soft toys, everything related to Disney is there for sale. Prices are obviously so high. A basic T shirt for 2 yr child was priced for 200 HKD (2000 INR). A doll set of 24 small dolls set back me 400 HKD(4000INR). I have not visited other Disneylands, but this one is so mesmerising that your brain will refuse to forget the instances of Disneyland. Overall it   s a must visit place if you are in Hong Kong.
As a resident of Hong Kong, and very close to Disneyland, we   ve been visiting here often ever since it opened. We used to have yearly passes for the whole family. It is such an awesome escape from the frantic, sometimes    dirty    city life that surrounds it. All the normal Disney characters can be seen plus a number of new (to Disney)    Marvel    characters and Marvel inspired rides. Favourites of our family include the Jungle River Cruise, Grizzly Gulch, It   s a Small World, TeaCup ride, Slinky Dog and Mystic Manor. The staff are almost always friendly and helpful and the shows and parades are ALWAYS jaw dropping and definitely not to be missed. Watch out for the sporadic street performances of the street sweeper drummers who have an amazing drum perscusion show based on their garbage bins and cleaning implements. Also watch out for the    cleaner    who paints (using water) Disney characters literally on the street road. There are only really two possible negatives to the Disney experience. A very limited selection of western style (and quality) foods in some of the Disney resteraunts. Lastly, if it   s a mainland China holiday Disney can be quite unpleasant with the crowds. The best plan is to ALWAYS try and get there for opening time for less queues and crowds. Having said that, the iconic fireworks show is well worth hanging around for. Oh, and get there by train. Disney has its own train station. It   s the cleanest, quickest, cheapest way to get there. Have a GREAT trip to Disneyland. I thoroughly recommend it.
i visited here about 15years ago and it was great then. now not so sure. average waiting time was over 60 mins. food was not good. best option was the popcorn. public shows were great in main street, especially the Xmas show.if you go make sure you buy the express pass otherwise you will wait all day for a couple of rides..
We enjoyed our two day visit to Hong Kong Disneyland. It is on the small side compared to other Disney Parks, but it is run perfectly just like all the others. The Mystic Mansion was our favorite ride. We did not encounter any overly long lines and our time there was very memorable. We were kind of surprised that there was not a wide verity of flavored popcorn's like they have in Japan.
One day is not enough to explore the entire Hongkong Disneyland. As a family with a Kiddo it took us two days to roam the entire park. When you enter the park make sure that you have your own Disneyland Map Park with you. This way you can plan your day. Watch out for the time allotted for different shows.The shows were fantastic, the circle of life is even more fantastic.There will be long queue for every show it is an advantage to get a fast pass to escape the long line. Except for picture taking with Minnie and Mickey Mouse you have to endure the long queue because there   s no fast pass for this.The jungle river experience is a must! For water if thirsty there should be water fountain in the park just locate it in the map, anyway selfie stick is not allowed inside the park.
We are used to going to Disneyland & Disney World in USA and have been several times to Disneyland Paris and compared to Disneyland Paris it is very tiny, so be under no illusion it   s a very piece of Disney and not many of your favourite traditional Disney rides. That said we had a great time, we brought a 2 day pass as there was not much difference in price of 1 day before we went, we also purchased the food package of 2 meals and a snack. The food you get with this deal is very filling and we struggled to get through all the food we could have. The snack was either popcorn or an ice cream and the meals were full size dinners with soft drink. Everything that we ate was very tasty.Possibly the 1 meal and a snack option would have suited us better.It was very quiet there when we went and hardly had to queue for the rides and didn   t need to use fast passes at all.decorations for Christmas were really good but I was disappointed that there was not much In the way of Disney Christmas ornaments to purchase.All in all we had a great time, I still can   t get over how small the castle is, I thought the one in Paris was small but it   s huge in comparison to the one here.
Disneyland is Disneyland and if you have been to one I wouldn   t recommend going to visit! With kids yes but it is overpriced and a little boring to be honest
Took my daughter to HK Disneyland for her 5th birthday. Disneyland hotels are hugely overpriced, so we booked a hotel outside Disney. The Park itself is beautiful, so are most of the shows  I loved Magic Manor and my daughter loved the Lion King show. The parade was great, but a bit too short. A few things went bad though  lots of waiting for every ride  15 25  minutes. Kids got tired and we gave up on some rides. The food is overpriced and tasted bad  The Main Dining Hall (up to 20 USD for a tasteless meal), food stalls with outdated corn for 4 USD 4, sausages 5 USD. Actually all soft drinks in the Park cost HKD 32 ( 4  USD) and you are not allowed to bring your own food! Another point  it's close to Christmas time, a lot of Christmas music was being played non stop including Church hymns like Hark! The Herald Angels Sing, O Come All Ye Faithful, etc. Sounds too religious, not suitable for kids, a bight of brainwashing so to say. And no wi fi at the park at all. For the families with young kids I recommend 1 day visit after a heavy breakfast.)
Great place for all ages to go. Went here on a week day which was good and the place weren't that busy thank god making it a lot easier to get on rides in no time. There was a lot of old people which was different showing no matter how old you get you can still enjoy Disney. Stayed here all day to watch parade so was worth it. Value for money Highly recommend. Booked a two way transfer save the hassle of train espically when travelling with little kids.
We had so much fun! This was my favorite activity we had in HK. It was a magical experience indeed. Big thanks to Klook we we're able to get the most affordable ticket for Disneyland. A day of visit is totally not enough especially on a weekend and you want to experience all the rides and take pictures with Disney characters.
I already had my Disneyland experience in Anaheim, California USA and wanted my 7 year old grandson to enjoy the experience. We expected a big crowd, being a Saturday, and true enough, we had to fall in line for rides. We opted for less crowded attractions.In the bumper car area, the grandkid passed the height test but without notice that he had to be at least 8 years old, he was not allowed in. There were few staff members positioned to assist, and we had to get information from vendors manning their kiosks.What made our Disney experience worth it was the amazing parade. Sadly, there were no fireworks for is that night.
Rides were family friendly and disability friendly, with a mix of intense and relaxed rides, exhibitions and shows. As expected, the facade of the theme park was intricate and well maintained. Food items were also cleverly designed and incorporated Disney symbols into their design. I would highly recommend families to buy a meal combo ticket (lunch dinner 2 drinks snack) to get the most bang for your buck.Please view the following photos to experience the beauty of this Theme Park.
Third Disney park we have visited as usual full of the Disney magic. Hong Kong has been the smallest one we have visited but also had the shortest queues and was not as crowded as OrlandoAnd Paris. The bus service from the park to the hotels is also much better than Paris as proper queueing system. Happy to of ticked another Disney off the list,
It was a dream of mine to visit all 6 Disney parks around the world and this was the 5th one I got to check off! We had wonderful weather and it was pretty quiet during the day. We went during Halloween Time so the parades were very fun and the kids enjoyed themselves. I have never seen a Disney park offer merchandise discounts if you come before noon, so definitely take advantage of that. It is very small like the original Disneyland but is unique in it's own way. It definitely has the best Thunder Mountain of any park around the world!
Great place to spend with the young ones, better for kids over 6 years as more rides options. Our favourite is the small small world and Mickey mouse 3 D cinema show. Toy story unable to due to her height and then 2 rides waiting timing was 50 mins. Do stay for 6pm and 6.30pm Christmas light and concert shows. The 8pm parade is worth while too. Pre purchase ticket via Klook cheaper but meal voucher I don't really suggest.
The family spent one whole day in HK Disneyland and apparently it is still not enough. There were just so many things to see, watch, ride and do. We arrived just after the gates opened and already the place teemed with guests. It helped that we bought our tickets online (and cheaper) as we were able to skip the ticket counters and breezed through the entrance. We were greeted by rows of souvenir shops and rows of cheery greeters before the kids raced towards the rides. Us adults appreciated that there is (already) a Starbucks along the Main Ave which provided a caffeine respite every now and then. We appreciate the numerous pockets of benches for rests and very helpful staff who consistently provided assistance to our queries.We loved our photo ops with Cinderella and Snow White as well as the Lion King and Moana shows.
So we were in HK with kids and grandkids. They all love Disney but have only been to Orlando. We took them for the day here. Couple of thoughts:1. Its a very compact park, you can do it all in a day.2. Its easy to get to by taxi or train.3. While the tickets compare in price to Orlando, stuff inside is less expensive (really!).4. The VIP experience is worth it, especially if the park is busy. Be sure to get the armbands for the parade   you get the best seats possible with no jockeying.5. Weather was perfect in November, weekdays not crowded at all, weekends are crowded, especially with mainlanders since completion of high speed rail (my assessment),
What a nice place to visit. Loved it, never been to any other Disney land, so this was quite the experience.  Restaurants, stalls, games, rides, shops.  Loved it.
Full of Mainland tourists, spitting and pushing and shoving. IS NOT THE HAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH!!! Expensive!!
we arrived around 15 minutes before the gates were open and stayed all day until it closed. thats how much fun we had there! of course travelling with kids there are lots of breaks you'd have to take. we enjoyed the parades, and the fireworks. for muslims travellers there is a prayers room even with an ablution area! although its not labelled as musolla and it can be use by all religions but i should give credit for the their thought of having an ablution area. the prayer room is spacious and enclosed so our children could rest for a while while we prayed. most of the rides are suitable even for my 4 year old daughter although few are not. the food at the cafeteria were also delicious.
Having worked at Disneyland in California for quite some time I can honestly say that Hong Kong Disneyland delivers the Magic! It   s a great place for a date, to hang out with friends or to take the whole family. It   s a Small World is incredible and has hidden characters from Disney movies throughout it! Thunder Mountain was my absolute favorite ride (for slightly older kids and adults) and the shows were great! We saw the Festival of the Lion King and Mickey and the Wondrous Book! Both amazing! The Moana show was ok but Moana didn   t sing so we left. Good food options and lots of lands to explore. Definitely smaller than Disney so if you start early you could see most of the park in a day. I turned in my day pass for an annual which was cool because they let you put your paid amount towards the full year! Oh and there is free Wi Fi throughout the park. Looking forward to heading back!
Hit all the rides in under 2 hrs. Love this place! I went mid day in October,and there were no crowds.
It   s a little small compared to other Disney parks. The castle and jungle cruise ride were closed.  The queues were short. My family had a great time.
We spent 2 days here exploring the park and visiting Disneyland Hong Kong. As a Disney fan we enjoyed it and the park does a great job with the whole Disney experience. Many of the rides are similar to what you would find at Walt Disney World but we had to see for ourselves the park as we are on a quest to visit all of the Disney Parks around the world. Crowds were manageable and the weather was perfect during our visit.
the best every to go to the best every the best every one shold go there it the best every the best the best
As i know this Disneyland is the smallest one in the world. I had visited Tokyo one before I visited here and my experience in Tokyo wasn   t that good, thus i only had a small expectation about it. But i really enjoyed here, attraction were much better than Tokyo one. The best attraction i enjoyed is Mystic manor which i felt kind of childhood innocent. The do not miss Mini Lion King musical! It   s really worth to watch!
Our visit to Disneyland was planned solely for son who   s 4 year old. That we would also have so much fun was not known The whole environment is one of gala and celebrations. The different worlds created within Disneyland make for one new experience after the other. It is humanly impossible to do all the rides and there is a fair bit of walking in between the different    lands    and quite a wait for the very popular rides. You can you the fast access to plan though. The only downer was the food options. If you are fussy you should plan your movement through Disneyland to be around the restaurant that serves food that you like. The dining options are a bit pricey for the fare offered but that   s come to be expected of all entertainment parks et al. The rides themselves are brilliant. My wife is particular got nostalgic when she did the small world ride again after 15 odd years. The Iron man ride is a do not miss ride. Couple of pieces of advise:A. Plan your route. For eg. come to the Iron man ride in the evening. Nearly no waiting around that time. Plan where you want to have lunch and decide the route for covering the various lands.B. Plan which rides and attractions you want to cover or are must do. C. Get hold of the maps once you enter and the show timings. There are different shows and the timings vary. Also the popular ones go full sometimes 30 mins in advance. D. And finally see the timing of the parades. There a few in the evening. The grand finale at the park closing time is not to be missed. It gets crowded there so try and get there to get a good path side place. Honestly it   s near impossible to cover the park in a single day. Even most good ones would take a day to cover even at a rapid pace. Two days would give you the ability to cover the park in a relaxed manner. Goes without saying a must do.
We are a Disney loving family so this was a must do for us. The park opens later than other Disney parks which worked out for us because we could actually sleep in on vacation. The park is small but absolutely lovely. I found that our only negative was some pushy guests at parade time. There were virtually no lines for most rides. Our hotel gave us fastpasses but we didn   t need a single one. Most rides were actually walk on with no wait at all. We did wait about 20 minutes for Dumbo, I think that   s it. I would have liked to have seen more offerings to meet the characters. Cast Members were friendly but not quite up to the usual Disney standard. Overall, wonderful but small park, easily done in a full day.
It   s always fun to visit Disneyland!The hype begins (if you   re commuting to Disneyland) when you transfer to the Disney train with Mickey Mouse shaped windows. Children will always have fun in Disneyland. The adults in our trip also appreciated adult friendly rides. Points for improvement:   cleaner and more accessible public toilets   healthier dishes in the menu for children  English as main language in rides and of characters mascots plays We ended up staying in Hotel Disneyland as well where the amenities and rooms were spacious, clean and stayed true to Disney designs. A little pricey, as expected but you get your money   s worth with the amenities, service, privacy and security of the property, and the decor. Sharing Disneyland train and Disneyland Hotel photos.
We had a lovely full day at Disneyland Hong Kong.We have been to Paris, California and Florida parks and Hong Kong is tiny in comparison but it is a still a fun day if you are in the area.The castle is still there but is partly obscured by construction walls and a crane   it will soon be demolished for a new super castle in 2019 which is really exciting.The park is mostly bilingual with English and Cantonese (and Mandarin on occasions)   we would it hilarious when Mickey and friends spoke in Cantonese.Tips:Highlights of the park that you have to go on   Mystic Manor (a unique experience amongst disney parks with a fusion of ratatouille and haunted mansion rides), Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Train (a fusion of Exhibition Everest and Big Thunder Mountain and a launch coaster), and Hyperspace Mountain (HKDL version of space mountain). We went on each of these twice and loved them. The rest of the park rides are the same similar as the rest of the parks around the world.Mickey and the Wondrous Book is a really special show and I highly recommend you see it. Each performance was full and it wasn't until our third attempt did we get a seat! It's a fusion of Florida's happily ever after night time show and Paris's Peter Pan night time show. The live singing and performers were all excellent.Both parades were excellent and are your opportunity to see lots of characters at once. Arrive 30 minutes before to get your spot.If you want to meet characters get to the park for 9.30am. Gates open at 10 and there are lots of characters to meet on main street USA before the main park opens at 10.30   Mickey, Minnie, Goofy, Donald and Daisy, Chip and Dale were all out and about.Only negatives of our day were the weak side show performances e.g. Moana home coming and the Christmas stage show. I'd avoid these and use the time to go on rides. Also the shops were always rammed and overflowing with queues snaking around the shop so you couldn't find the end of the line. If you want to get gifts and don't want to queue there is a hong kong disney store at the airport with the same prices and a fair bit of stock.
Love the Princess , Love the show and good place for entertainment. My kids love it.. They enjoy all the ride and love taking pictures.. There fireworks and weather is cooling.
Cold weather around our visit January 2018. A bit raining also. Not a best time to go at this month. But we still go because the show must go on. Its a dream come true for the kids. But it will the best if your kids around 8years old and up for their have some height limit on the rides.
Make sure to download the Disneyland HK App for easy MAP access and to know all the show schedules of the day. It was very helpful for us that's why we were able to pace and schedule our whole day in Disneyland. :) MTR to Disney was very easy as well! All the food inside were quite expensive even the drinks, so I suggest that you bring your own refillable tumbler so you have water while walking the whole day. Must watch The Lion King show and the Festival Parade!
Such a beautiful place that one can keep going again and again. Brought our kids there for their school break. A lot of changes, with new attractions, however, we came at the wrong time where a lot of constructions and castle closure which was a put off. The language use... hmmm Mickey talking in Cantonese was a put off. Should stick to English instead.
Spent a weekend in HK for our daughter   s gymnastics meet. We decided to reward her afterwards with a family day in Disneyland. It was great fun especially since we joined other friends there from the event. Our daughters cartwheeled their way into the entrance. Crowd wasn   t so bad but the castle was under repair so no traditional fireworks to cap the night. Instead, there was light show parade which wasn   t half bad!
It was awesome! We went on a Monday and got to see every show and ride every ride that we wanted. Wait times were minimal and crowds were sparse. I would say that my one poor experience came from the cast member responsible for maintaining the line for the Pluto meet and greet. He was quite rude and yelled at children repeatedly, then yelled at parents. A child and parent who got out of line were allowed to rejoin the line ahead of me and my son. This was also frustrating as we had been waiting for quite some time to see Pluto. I didn't find it overly expensive, it's Disney!
I read alot of reviews on this and was a bit concerned that it wasnt worth going but this was an absolutely amazing experience. I will note that i am a huge disney fan and that this was my first disney part visit.We arrived early and seemed to be at the start of tourist season. It was busy but not too bad. We didnt stand in a line for longer than 20 minutes. When the park opens you are first only allowed in the shopping area, obviously so you can buy stuff and they can make money but there is sooooo much to choose from.We went on most of the rides and went on them twice   once at day and once at night.We bought the tickets and food vouchers on Klook and this was a great savings and also really worth it.The rides were really fun and the overall ride experience was amazing. We thoroughly enjoyed the mine cart in the grizzly grouch area, as well as the star wars ride and the toy story horse shoe.The parades   we watched both the day and night parades   were absolutely spectacular and definitely worth going to   just a tip though is to find a spot about 30 minutes before the parade is due to start as there are alot of people.Also try and find a spot towards the end of main street USA where the road splits to the different parks as the last few floats and characters dont go all the way to the bottom of the road.We also managed to watch two of the shows. The Lion King which was amazing and then Moana which was great but the Lion King was definitely a way better experience.The only let down was that the characters are not walking around so they were only available for short time slots and for a limited amount of people so you had to try and plan your day around this.
Disneyland is a must when you visit Hong Kong, it is located near the airport which is out of the way depending on where you are staying.We were staying the New Territories (Sha Tin), fortunately there is a bus that goes to Lantau Island Plaza where we then change to Disneyland bus (R8) which take us straight to Disneyland, all in all taking around 40 mins to get there.There are many ways to get the Disneyland the MTR, the blue coloured taxis or bus, the bus is definitely the cheaper option costing under $50 HKD per person.Entry to the park is quite expensive costing $699 per adult and $515 per child (as of October 2018) in total costing   210 GBP.Within the park there are many various rides that suits all ages, from the infamous Hyperspace Mountain to the jungle cruise.The eatery within the park are reasonable priced. We visited the park during a weekday and even though there was a lot of people in the park, the queues for rides were very good, averaging around a 10 minute wait.The parade is not to be missed and was very well put together. During our visit in October 2018 there was construction work being carried out on the Princess Castle, so there was no firework display in the evening. Overall, we have a fantastic day and out young children loved their time in Disneyland Hong Kong and it was definitely worth the visit. Tips:Visit during a weekday.Pre book buy tickets to see if there are any deals packages.
Crowded but worth it.  I loved the light show at night, Christmas music was played and snowflakes flew in the air. At that instant, I felt the joy of Christmas.
Entry was expensive, kids under 2.5 years free. A lot of people told us it wasn   t worth it and it will be crap however we did enjoy it. The kids are young so they rode on rides that suited their age group. Not a huge variety of food but there are a few restaurant cafes around. My only safety concern was lack of security guards or police presence. I caught a man taking pictures of my child along with other kids while watching the Moana live show. He was on his own not accompanied by a child or family. He was taking photos of young teenagers too. I confronted him to delete but he didn   t speak English. Managed to delete but this didn   t stop him doing it again. We spotted him a few times. While waiting for our turn on rides 2 other I saw two native people taking photos of my own children I asked them to stop and intervened but again people don   t speak English. They   d stare like it was completely normal and I   m over reacting. It made me very upset, angry and furious and this behaviour is unacceptable. Especially when it comes to children. When I contacted authorities and staff they didn   t seem to care. This is VERY VERY important that people are made aware and to be on alert. PLEASE WATCH YOUR KIDS AT ALL TIMES! don   t take your eyes off them.
It is a must have trip if you have kids! Got the kids dressed up in princesses for them to enjoy this magical experience. My child was given a birthday badge by the hotel and she could pin in and get recognised in Disneyland. We have received complimentary ice cream at restuarant and some staff would wish Happy Birthday.However, it is prob my last time gg to Disneyland HK as the 1) Lion King show was the same as 10 yrs ago. 2) experience of being pushed by rude mainland Chinese in queues was not pleasant at all. Perhaps Disneyland SEA in Japan would be a much better choice.
Loved this Disney park.  It was quieter than any of the others I've been to and retains the charm of the original Disney parks in America before they started modernising them.  Great day and my favourite of the four Asian Disney parks.
The best thing about this Disney land that it is allow most of the rides younger kids. I am able to visit most of rides with my 2 years old son. However if you visited any other Disneyland like Shanghai or Tokyo you might not feel very happy with this disney land as i couldn't find any WOW factor in this Disney land. Food is expensive i would suggest to buy advance meal tickets from Klook and convert them to the vouchers at check in gates.
This is one of the smallest parks we have been to. Currently we have been to all of the Disney parks except Paris, hopefully next year. Allow yourself about a half day to see everything. There are about 3 rides worth the time to wait in line, Hyperspace mountain, Mystic Manor, and Grizzly rollercoaster.
Visited this theme park 4 times over the past years. Its getting old and it shows. Time to give the place a spruce & add in more new rides, otherwise it will lose its visitors to other theme parks in the region
To be honest, we were expecting this to be the worst Disney park we   ve been to because it   s so small, but it was brilliant. It is small, but that   s part of the charm. It has all the classics you expect but with none of the stress and hassle you get in other parks.
If you move fast, you can get thru the park in a day knowing that you won   t see everything. It   s certainly not packed like LA Disneyland or Disney World. Most of the rides in Small World are the same sans Peter Pan. Their rides in some of the areas are different. Food is really bad. Jr Yelper said we should eat at the best restaurant in the part, The Explorer Club with a variety of ethnic selections to order. But at nearly $20 a plate with meager portions, it was the worse Disney park meals I   ve ever had. The Jungle Ride was closed the weekday we went. They had 2 different Disney ice cream pops sold at the carts. One is blueberry and the Minnie is Strawberry for $5 USD. They were OK. The evening light show was basically flashing lights of Mickey and friends on the buildings. The electric parade was really good. We watched part of the Moana show. We were so bored and the singing was mediocre so we left. This is the 4th of the Disney parks we   ve been to and easily ranks at the bottom.
Hong Kong Disneyland is off the beaten track destination for everyone's desire. This site is full of new creation, nice atmosphere and beautiful landscape to explore while visiting here. The place has also captured our attentions and felt absorbed in.
I went with my girlfriend in Hong Kong, and she had a great time! Needless to say, she lived her childhood dream all in one day. You all should've seen the looks on her face during the whole day we spent in HK Disneyland. Getting to Disneyland from Central and the way back was easy and convenient, given that Hong Kong's MTR is one of the world's most efficient metro system.
An absolute must see and a perfect way to spend a beautiful day, the park along with all the shows is stunning. Very well organised and plenty of friendly staff to help you around .Food is good and they have a large variety of restaurants and caffe . There is a locker service where you can leave your belongings for the day , is secured and you can access it anytime, there is also a luggage valet service if you want to leave a case with wheels.We didn   t spend much above the ticket price as all rides are included.
We   ve been to every Disney Park in the world, and this one may be our favorite. In our 4 visits to HKDL, we have loved the beautiful surroundings, the short or nonexistent lines, and the manicured walk from the hotels to the park. The musical productions here are terrific (it   s currently Mickey and the Wondrous Book), and there are other unique attractions as well: Mystic Manor (which is NOT a Haunted Mansion) and Grizzly Gulch. There are also some minor noteworthy features: this park   s Small World was the first to include Disney characters, and its Jungle River Cruise has a surprise ending. The castle is surprisingly small, but it is currently undergoing construction that will enlarge it.
Being from FL we had to check it out, sadly I think we were better off spending a second day at Ocean Park.
We had a great day out at Disneyland. We went on a Thursday in October so it wasn't busy at all. Longest wait for anything was about 15 minutes. Download the App and it tells you the current wait times all over the park.It is much smaller than Disneylands but that was good for us with 2 kids under 7, it was easy to walk around the whole park a few times, and most of the rides were good for the younger kids. It might be lacking if you're after big thrills. The food was generally ok and not at astonishing prices.As it got dark we went back and had a second ride on all the things we wanted and some we had missed earlier in the day. All 3 parades we good and as it wasn't too busy everyone was able to see fine. Highlights: The Lion King show (don't miss this and it's a good airconditioned break), Mystic Manor and the Jungle River cruise (make sure you go after dark, it's much better). As people have mentioned HK Disneyland doesn't really have the characters just walking around the Park like you find in other Disneylands, so if getting pics with them is your thing you will have to line up at specific locations and times. The train out there was good, and wasn't even packed after closing time (we walked slowly back to the station). Easily managed to stay the whole day, opening to close, and would definitely go back next time we are in HK. If you need to decide between Disneyland and Ocean Park, pick Disneyland if your travelling with younger kids.
We simply had the best day at Hong Kong Disney. I had read some negative reviews but they proved to be untrue. We visited in mid November and the park was decorated for Christmas which made it even more special. It was my wife and I and our 20 year old daughter who went. The rides were excellent. The lines were pretty short (we were there on a Monday), the longest we waited was 20 minutes but some rides we just walked on. The shows and parades were pretty good. Except the snow show at 6:15pm. Not worth waiting around for. The park was clean, the toilets were clean, plenty of food stores (overpriced but that goes with the territory)Best rides were Mystic Manor, Grizzly Gulch and the Iron Man one in Tomorrow Land. My daughter said the only negative was that there were no thrill rides like a major roller coaster. Getting there via the MTR was super easy. If you bought the tickets online you have to go to Guest Relations on the left of the main gate to pick up your actual tickets. If this has been helpful please give me a helpful vote.
Went on a week day which I would recommend as even then there were hundreds of people, didn   t have to line up longer then 10 minutes to go on rides , we both loved the iron man experience ! Food is very expensive and wasn   t that great cost over $100 aus for 1 burger a small serve of chick wings and 2 milkshakes . That aside we were amazed by everything the lights on all the buildings etc at night gave it a truely magical experience we felt like kids again ! We much preferred Disneyland over ocean park
Great park. We easily rode did everything we wanted in one day and went back for a few hours during mid day for a second day for our favorite rides and shows. Mickey and the Wonderous Book is my all time favorite Disney show. I just wish the castle wasn't under construction, but I'll just have to go to see the new one when completed.
Dumb to go.America Street is a boring place because the prices ain't cheap and much can be bought elsewhere.The other zones are horrible,with too much people and staff not doing much for the adventure.Very unhappy during the whole trip.
I have visited this theme park 6 times in my life. first time was with my mom and dad. Went three times alone and two times with my wife... This was my first theme park visit back in 2012. I was amazed and was wondering it to be dreamland. I rode every rides here. From thrill rides to the family rides. Well the best attraction was off course Ironman experience. Mystic Manor was cool, hyperspace mountain, rc racer, Grizzly mine car ride were all thrilling and exciting. Enjoyed the lion king and mickey mouse shows. River cruise was awesome. It's a small world was amazing. September is the month I recommend to visit. No long lines... Iconic castle is transforming don't know how long it would take. If the castle transformation is complete it would be my 7th visit...
Ive been lucky enough to visit Hong Kong Disneyland a number of times since it first opened, and each time I've been there there's something new and exciting. Whether with children or just adults, Hong Kong Disneyland is a great day out for anyone. Who doesn't want to have their picture taken with Mickey Mouse??? It's a short train ride from any part of Hong Kong, and there are great food outlets and entertainment for all the family.
If you   re after a trip filled with coasters and white knuckle rides forget it, but if you want some good old Disney magic then it   s worth a visit. Quite a small park if you   re comparing it to other Disney resorts, the shows are very good, but no fireworks, no castle ( it   s under construction) and not many characters wandering around for photos. A good day out but a little disappointed to be honest.
Although we were given 8 priority pass from our kingdom club stay, we didn   t managed to use any of it. The queue were generally not too Long except for photos with iron man and the smaller kids ride.The priority pass Given to us were only applicable to 5 rides, it would definitely serve us better if it   s applicable to all other rides. As we have very young kids, rides like toy story parachute, slinky dogs etc would attract younger kids more and we couldn   t use it.I would think it would be better if Disneyland can share when and where the character would appear. Like Disneyland LA, more characters will appear in different time slot. These information weren   t available anywhere...
Disneyland. Need I say more? The most wonderful place in the world!Hong Kong Disney is a lot smaller than the others I   ve been to but of course there   s plenty to do. I   ve been twice, but most recently I got there as it opened which was great    there were no queues for any of the rides so we whizzed round quite quickly.I love the shows they put on there! The Lion King one is great so make sure you get to see that! You can book day tickets online for HKD 619     62! 100% worth it! It   s quite close to the airport and has luggage storage if you want to fill the day before you leave. It   s about 30 mins from Hong Kong Central station and very easy to get there. The train has Mickey shaped windows and handles!!! So cute!You can read more about it in the blog on my page. Please check it out!
Went with family , 2 children age 4 and 13.The Disneyland MTR was nice, took around 10 mins to reach the destination.We went on 7 11 2018, Weather was sunny ,no rain at all.We stayed Novotel City Gate hotel so it was 2 stations to Disneyland which was very convenience.
Of course anything Disney is magic! Our experience at Hong Kong Disneyland was a memorable one.. having been to the parks in California, USA, we found Hong Kong to be much quieter and the longest we ever lined up for a ride would have been 10 15 minutes   and this was only for a couple of rides! We did stay at the nearby Disneyland Hotel, and this included some  priority passes  to certain attractions.The rides were all fun, with all but a couple having height restrictions that our 4 year old just missed out on! The only disappointment was the BIG lines to see the characters   and this resulted in us missing out on a photo with most of them! Even with a full 2 days here.. The lines close, well before they even officially arrive, and with only a couple of appearances each day, it is so limited! There should be more characters dressed up, and they should be out & about ALL day   not just an hour here & there... there could be 2 of each scattered throughout the park even.. and this would make everyones visit just that bit more magical!! The chaos in the gift shops is crazy, the best time to shop is whilst the parades are happening just outside!! I would skip back in a heartbeat and could quite easily spend another 2 days here!
Had Visit on the 5th of Nov. Sadly alot of rides and attraction is close.  Besides that the place is clean and well kept.
Went with a group of Disneyfied adults on a week day. The park was decked out for Halloween   very nice. There were no crowds so we could go on every ride without ANY long waits. Liked the crowd  mellow & happy.
Having visited Disneyland Paris some 25 years ago we decided to spend the last day of our holiday at Disneyland Hong Kong. The rides were outdated and given HK love of all things electronic we expected more. There was a greater variety of rides in Paris. The parades started late   so we missed the last few minutes of the evening parade as we had a coach pick up to meet. The parades were not a patch on Paris some 25 years agoThe majority of the staff were rude and unhelpful   unlike the Paris staff. Given that English is widely spoken in HK a lot of the staff barely understood English. Putting it mildly it was an utter disappointment from start to finish.
Need to plan which rides you want to go on and what you want to see as it   s too big to do everything. shows arrive about 15 20min early. rides were max about 30min to 1 hour wait without fast track on a sunday. Hit the ones you want to go first early to beat the crowds. I went for halloween and there was a good 2 for 1 deal on disney   s site that allows me to enter the park a second time before the end of this year. For popular characters expect at least 30 min to 1 hour waits to take pictures with them (eg. jack and sally for halloween). disney staff give out lots of stickers and candy during halloween. the villains night parade at the end is not as exciting as the one during the day or their regular one as the floats with the villains are plain comparatively.
It is indeed one of the happiest places on Earth though the rides are not as thrilling as the rides of Ocean Park HK. This park entertains its children audience visitors than young adults so if you're a solo traveler, Ocean Park HK I think would suit you.If you're going to watch some shows or presentations, you have to run around the park so expect to have feet soar lolNo fireworks display when I went but the parade would entertain you for sure!Overall, it's very good and you'll certainly feel like a kid after visiting this park
Who wouldn   t want to celebrate their birthday , at least once in Disney ! So do I . However , I felt that Disney Hong Kong is a poorer cousin as compared to Tokyo. I supposed this comes from different management . Everyone knows Japanese are meticulous to the last details. Whilst, in Hong Kong , I suppose they have practical mindset rather than imagination. They are doing the basic normal job in a magical place .. what a waste . They have plenty of room to improve to make the best place as magical as possible .
Fantastic Experience. This is my Second time visiting Hongkong disneyland and it never fails to amaze me.The best part is the Iron Man experience for me. Superb. Also, the Castle is under renovation when we went there so We cannot have a photo of it. better go to these place as early as 930 am. Get a Map at their City Hall Area . Get your fast Pass to save your time on queing.
Overall the place was ok but many attractions were closed with no reduction to the entry price. The attractions were OK but nothing like I expected at a Disney Park. Only the Americans can do Disney!!!! All in all though it was an OK day out.
Actually I thought Disneyland would be for small kids. But it   s not. I went with my teenage that loved. Many attractions that for them was great. But be ready to stay long in the queue. And it   s a bit expensive but if you have energy you can spend the whole day there. Not my case.
After living in Hong Kong for a few months, I had not heard great things about HK Disneyland. But, I decided to go with some friends and had a really fantastic time! We got there right when it opened and the lines were quite short in the morning. We didn't spend more than 20 minutes in a line! The park is small; I was able to go on my favorite rides multiple times throughout the day, with and without fast passes. Because of its size, visiting the park is one day is more than feasible. I personally loved Space Mountain and Grizzly Gulch rollercoasters.The food was not as good as food at other Disney parks. The Mickey waffles and ice cream were tasty, but the popcorn wasn't warm and the sandwiches from bakeries on in Street barely had any meat and cheese in them. I recommend bringing your own food into the park.I wouldn't get a season pass for HK Disney because it's too small and it would get old quickly if I went there too often, but I will definitely visit every once in a while!
We visited HK Disneyland on our last day in Hong Kong, the food was great, but as to be expected over priced and the lines were a nightmare! A lot of the rides with audio only had it in Cantonese   understandable because your in HK, however, it   s a bit of a let down if you don   t understand it.
I love Disneyland. Typically laid out in all the worlds. Great rides for young and old, lots of food and drink stations around the park. Most rides open the day I went. Plenty of parades and music happening most of the day. Always a fun day.
We went there , but frankly speaking travelling to other Disneylands , this one could do better. We didnt see the night parade since it was on HOLD for quite some time know . Overall , It is too pricey for the enjopyment expected.
Although it's not big as others, people coming here is less than others too and hence we managed to play all the rides and watch all the shows here which is great as the waiting time usually no more than 20 minutes.However, when we were here, the castle is still under renovation so there's no firework which is supposedly the highlight in any Disneyland.The popcorn here also doesn't has the special box like in Tokyo. Just a normal packaging.
Hong Kong Disneyland is just too small with limited rides compared to parks in California, Tokyo or Paris. A little disappointing but the kids (10 and 13) enjoyed it all the same   it   s Disney after all!! A good place to spend the afternoon if you have time to spare, otherwise I would give it a miss.
No matter what age or marital status, Disney is always my favorite place. The shows and rides are fantastic, I keep coming back. Definitely for all ages!
Hong Kong disney, was a marvellous place for their parade and shows. The rides were great for young kids. There are no real thrill rides , most rides a 5 yr old can go on , but it was an amazing park, ride lines at its longest was 25 minutes, which was great. Well worth it
A fairytale place to visit when you are in HK. The easy and cheaper way to Disney Land is taking MRT.
Disneyland....a childhood dream for every kid and finally it comes true.. i mean it when i say, that i was in heaven...it is the best place to be and the best time considering we went on Halloween.... i wish i could go there every day...We did quite some research before we went there, so we had a list of rides that we wanted to sit on and lands to visit. We found the Disneyland app, very helpful   in terms of the events for the day. The plan should always be to finish the to do items that you have on checklist and then have plenty of time to visit every land.Must do rides: Grizzy Mountain runaway mine cars, Hyperspace mountain,4D experience in Iron Man experience, RC race car, Mystique ManorThe app shows you the timings of the events, so we could attend all the shows and parades. Be ready to walk a lot, and wait a lot in queues if you want to take pictures with Mickey and Minnie.Most of the rides have fast track option with no additional cost. Every land has themed restaurants. Since it was halloween, everyone was dressed up in costumes, we were handed candies as a part of trick or treat, we visited the haunted house and finally watch the really cool   Villains night out parade.A definite visit to the place..where you feel anything and everything is possible. It is truly magical.
We were told that as we had been to the original parks in the USA we would be disappointed with HK Disneyland   but we were certainly not! We didn't go there expecting to see what we saw in the USA as each park has its own local charm. We enjoyed our day and loved the parades! Only issue is that there should be more taxis readily available when leaving the park as we had to wait for a while.
Amazing for kids and teenager.... Takes all day, because a lot of venue you must visited. i am for the first time at disneyland
Walking up to the entrance of Disneyland, it   s hard not to feel your inner kid coming out and feel super excited! It   s magical right from the beginning with beautiful statues of Mickey Mouse and his friends in a big water fountain. We arrived in the morning as soon as the park was opening and went through the ticket queue fairly fast. But the crowd was growing much quicker than expected, and later on we found out we chose a public holiday weekend so the crowds were much bigger than usual! We would advise to research this before you plan your trip because it definitely tested our patience and dampened our spirits at times. Because of this, the queues for every single ride were anywhere from 30 minutes several hours long, and it was a very hot day. We anticipated having to line up at Disneyland but the public holiday really made things 10 times slower. But when your at Disneyland, not even that can get you down, it   s just so magical and happy! One ride in each    land    had the option for you to scan your ticket and it would give you another ticket with a time frame on it, so you   re able to go and do other things then come back to skip the line within that time frame. We were then able to go on all the main rides and explore each land. There were so many amazingly fun rides to experience, as well as photo meet and greets with favourite Disney characters such as Eeyore, r2d2, iron man and more. Tarzan   s treehouse is just brilliant, toy story land is every big kids dream and we were lucky enough to see Disneyland at Halloween time, which was spectacular! We spent all day there and upon reflection, would   ve planned to spend 2 full days, regardless of the public holiday. Disneyland truly is what you imagine it to be and more! It allows you to be a child and just have fun. Would definitely go back : )
I went there with the family with 2 kids in tow on Halloween weekend for a 2 day pass. It   s my second time to visit HK DL and this second visit was surely better than the before. I tried more attractions. The kids most definitely enjoyed it the most. They met Mickey Mouse, Goofy, watched the Flights of Fantasy parade, Mickey Projection Show and the Villain Parade, Journey to Halloween were halloween features. The snacks were great too! Popscicles, waffles, eggette, etc. The staff were giving away lota of free stickers to the kids. And there was a lot of trick or treatin for mickey mouse marshmallows and gummy candies!!! Everything was great as expected. Disneyland HK never disappoints! As an adult, i appreciate places like these by their toilets! Hehehe. No smell, spotless clean, aaaaaand wait for it, free unlimited toilet seat covers!!!!! Sorry for that brief shallow happy episode because where i come from, no toilet seat covers are free! Anyhoo, HKDL is recommended for all ages!!! It   s a must visit when in HK. Most definitely!
We must have been super lucky as the day we arrived we didn   t queue for any rides   the most was approx 10 minutes which of course makes the day more fun! We managed to get on everything including the Lion King show which was incredible! In comparison, I think this park beats Paris. It   s obviously not cheap but the food is surprisingly ok and we had a great day!
  Huge area and really beautiful  With Disney Train, easy to go to location via MTR  lots of attractions and activities (Rides, plays, parade)  with App thats really helpful  also with brochures at entrance for maps and schedules  delicious food and snack
This is the best time during our stay in Hong Kong. I had booked 2 days ticket via Klook. You get discount when you book via Klook. The place opens at 10:30 am. Most time you will spend at Fantasyland. Here you have maximum number of rides and shows. Also many characters would visit you. Because you have so many things to cover so plan your route accordingly. As we had 2 day pass, we went around in liesure. Lion king show was mind blowing. So was Mickey and the adventure book. we had a great time. The night parade was amazing. Plan to sit atleast 30 mins ahead of the schedule so that you get the best place to watch any show. The cheapest way to reach is via MTR and it takes approx 45 mins.
Visited in March 2018 on a Sunday. Due to weekend, there were too many visitors and long queue for all the rides   attractions. Had to skip several rides due to their long waiting time. However, whatever rides we took, most of these were not that thrilling. There were 2 parades on that day, one in the afternoon and one in the evening. Both were fun to watch, especially the evening parade with illumination was very attractive. There were no closing fireworks, told that it had been discontinued. There are restaurants inside the park, however foods were expensive and average in taste. It is an expensive affair; entry tickets, inside food etc. all are overpriced. Though at the end it was tiring, but overall it was a fun filling day spent at HK Disney Land.
Felt like a kid again. Obviously smaller than the originals but still entertaining and an experience for those that havent been to the originals
Never having been to Disneyland before, I found it very entertaining. The space was huge and they had a very convenient luggage holding area for us to leave our luggage at HKD 110 per piece. A lot of walking involved, so was very glad we wore comfortable shoes and clothes. We bought discounted tickets via Klook and could get in with no problem. Once inside, we went to look at the rides and a lot of them were not thrill rides, but fun nonetheless. I was very impressed with the amount of detail that went into creating the rides and their upkeep. Everything is perfectly maintained and no chipping paint to be seen anywhere!Delicious food is nowhere to be found in Disneyland, though. So it's just eating to survive, and your tastebuds are not taken into consideration. We managed to take all the rides we wanted to, and still take in some shows before the park closed. In the evening, the lines were much longer, because HK residents came for the evening with their annual passes. It can rain anytime in HK, so pack a raincoat if you have it. Even if it doesn't rain, it will come in handy on the mine train ride. The parade at the end of the day was really cool! Since it was halloween season, all the Disney villains came out to play.
This is amazing loved every second of it ,  The queues to meet the characters can be a bit long especially in the heat but well worth it if you can keep your child shaded and entertained,
Visited with a 11 months old baby and managed to do some rides. It   s an all age friendly park, great for a one two days visit.
We had a lot of fun in the park, and the new motion games like Iron Man was very enjoyable. However, the park was under renovation, so the sleeping beauty castle and the fireworks were not there. How I wish I could watch the fireworks in front of the castle!Note: the haunted house is small and boring, not worth waiting in a long long queue. The grey bear mine, the star wars track, iron man are my favorite. The star wars track has speed pass, which is worth fetching asap.Wifi is extremely slow. Don't rely on it! Bring your phone with the best signal, because mobile signal is weak there.
Nothing out of this world but good scenery and organization. What i liked the most was the robot trash bin going around by itself and talking :D
Nothing short of amazing! Although during our visit there was a private event so they had to close 4 attractions which I felt was a bit unfair. They could   ve given a discount for visitors for that day or made an announcement prior.
Happiest place on earth, may have to agree  We had a ball   Go with your mind set at kiddy level and you will have a ball
We have been to Hong Kong and Disneyland on a number of occasions. This time however we had taken the Grandchildren with us, both boys aged 6 and 8. They had a wonderful day and during the afternoon Halloween Parade they were invited to take part, however they decided to decline as they are a bit shy. The parade was very well performed. Disneyland Hong Kong can at a push be done in a day. It is one of the smaller Disney global sites, however, what it lacks in size is made up for in atmosphere. It   s a great park and well worth a visit during your stay in Hong Kong. The MTR (mass transit railway) is the easiest way to get to the site. The journey takes about 40 mins from Mongkok.
Like all Disneyland's throughout the world it's primarily designed for the kids. I recommend taking the MTR out to this theme park. Like I said Disneyland is more for the kids than adults but lets face it we can be kids again for a day. I recommend staying and watching the nightly fireworks show which begins at 8pm nightly.
During the time of my visit there, there were partial closure of the park due to private event on the 2nd and 3rd of November. I came all the way from Indonesia, paying expensive airfares, and also paying expensively for a 2 night stay at your hotel. But during my visit there, several sections, such as Adventureland, Grizzly Gulch, Mystic Point, and Toy Story Land.To make matters worse, the closure was done during the prime time of the park, around 2 3 pm all the way to the dark around 6 pm, and in some cases even until Disney closed. I was very disappointed in this, and I would like to see some responsibilities from Disney regarding this issue. Disney should've given a certain reduction on the hotel price and or Day Pass price due to this  incomplete magical experience .
Extremely average rides. Please save your money and go to Universal Studios in Singapore! They don   t get anywhere close to creating the magical experiences they promise to! The park was too crowded with sections shut down for renovations. After paying for an entry it seemed like you are eternally in a queue for rides or exhibits that were extremely disappointing!
Disneyland is one of the major attractions for Tourists visiting HongKong.However, it is very very expensive! Apart from that it is a heaven for kids!
English language travel books and blogs like to compare Hong Kong Disneyland to Ocean Park Hong Kong. Opened in 1977, Ocean Park often gets the nod over its 13 year old rival with the more scenic location, being three times larger, having a wider range of attractions and thrill rides, and for entertaining guests with shows starring not costumed characters, but live land and marine animals. Two categories in which Ocean Park is all wet, however, are food     ho hum carnival type fare versus Disneyland   s higher quality, wider ranging dining experiences     and, the deciding factor for me, what is known as    Disney Magic.    There   s something different about being at a Disney park     the hospitality, memory making, cleanliness, positive attitude, and characters and stories beloved for generations. It   s like coming home whether you went as a child or not. HKD is the smallest of all Disney parks, but that doesn   t make a visit any less magical and unique. Its version of the Haunted Mansion is Mystic Manor, which whisks guests through the Victorian home of world traveler Lord Henry Mystic. The mansion comes alive after Henry   s mischievous pet monkey Albert opens a music box that unleashes mayhem and enchantment. Another HKD exclusive is the exciting year old Iron Man Experience; imagine Stark Enterprises assuming sponsorship of Star Tours. Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars, HKD   s version of Big Thunder Mountain Railroad, has a section where riders go backwards. Just for fun, enter the    Cantonese    or    Mandarin    line at the Jungle Cruise to hear those tired, corny jokes in a different language. OK, so there   s no Matterhorn or Pirates of the Caribbean, but when was the last time you ate smoked duck legs and curry fish balls in Anaheim or Orlando?
You can't go wrong with disneyland when your with kids. I suggest to go here early to avoid long lines. During the afternoon lines for the rides starts to build up. The waiting time is between 20 40mins unlike in the morning its just between 5 10mins.
Had a really memorable time here. Best food I've had at a theme park, hands down. Night parade was beautiful. Can't wait to come back!
The main trip highlight is disneyland. Loads of fun and loads of excitement. We had a super time here.
Been to Anaheim, Orlando and now Hong Kong and not disappointed at all! Another fantastic environment by the Disney team! While nowhere near the expanse of Orlando or even Anaheim, HK Disneyland still provides a most enjoyable experience for all ages. 3 adults and 2 small (5 & 3 yrs) children in our party. Dumbo still a favorite for all as well as the Ironman Experience (only in HKD). Ironman was a unanimous choice by all to be repeated before leaving the park at closing!
Truly, it is happiest place on earth. Best place to spend with your family and friends. Rides are fun for all ages and queues are quick. It is smaller as compared to Anaheim's Disneyland, but there are many, good attractions for each family member to enjoy. Facilities are family friendly. A few local staff manning the parade can be friendlier and warmer. After all, they represent Disney.
Just spent 6 hours at Disneyland with our 8 year old granddaughter! This is not the first time we've been there with her, but we can see at this age, her height qualifies her for more exciting rides! Some rides were reserved for her an her grandfather, but others, we could all enjoy! Our trip was the latter part of October, so apparently it had cooled down a bit. Comfortable but warm. It is a very fun place for all!!
Was quite disappointed as the castle was under renovation hence no fireworks. The characters roaming around the park was limited. The street march ended very fast.
So Disneyland is Disneyland....Lots of characters to visit, lots of rides and experiences to explore, queues and overpriced food. However, you are going to Disneyland, this is what its all about.The number 1 tip we can provide you is GO EARLY. The attendance at the part litterally triples around 3pm. Between 10:30am and 2pm there are nearly NO queues at any entertainment   rides then it hits 2 3pm and the most popular rides have 30 50 mins waits. You CAN bring in water (I took in three bottles and showed them when entering and was let straight through) and a small amount of food, just don't bring a picnic. Sure the food is overpriced and substandard but this IS expected in theme parks. Just accept that...Head early, bring water, and let your imagination run away with the fun of Disneyland...
What draws us to Disneyland is the exhuberance and excitement that   s created by both children and their parents while they enjoy and entertain. Hong Kong Disneyland is no different and yet different from other Disneyland   s as they go. There are unique rides and few new ones like the one we saw in the Iron Man Experience. It has been added after the acquisition of Marvel Universe by Disney.
Well it took me 62 years but finally i got to Disneyland and loved every second of it. I know H.K. Disney is the smallest of the 6 but it is great, got through it in one fun filled day virtually no waiting on all the rides as we went on a Friday. My wife enjoyed the jungle ride and the cup and saucers as we always seen it on T.V. Hyper space, the gulch , the mansion all the 3D stuff were excellent , I would imagine if your taking children and want to do it all a 2 day pass would be the go and it's not a great deal dearer .
Yikes, the worst thing about HK Disneyland is the never ending same same music, over and over again, the same tunes. Omg I could pull my hair out, I would seriously go bonkers if I had to work there. When my kids were small, we went many times and I have to say, they absolutely loved it every time. We even discovered that the best time to go is in the pouring rain as no one else is there and there are no queues! If it suddenly brightens up it will be about 2 hours before the crowds return, that, my friends, is a very good tip. Nowadays we never go and stuff like that I avoid like the plague but if you've got young kids then you just have to take them, they will love it. Remember tho, it's crowded as all hell, expensive, you can't take your own food so you are forced to eat at the restaurants and even buy water and the queues are long. I used to smuggle in sandwiches under a dark piece of cloth at the bottom of my bag, you can get stuff in if you hide it well. Enjoy x
We loved Hong Kong Disneyland!  There is just something so special and magical about Disneyland and Hong Kong Disneyland captures this well. You only need to see the smiles on the faces during the parade to know this is one great place.
I spent a magical day At Hong Kong Disneyland with my brother and his family. I had reservations about Hong Kong Disney as I have been to the other Disney parks and this one is obviously much smaller than what I am used to in the context of the magic of Disney!However, whilst small, it   s perfectly formed and there is still huge variety of things to do across the park. I would say it   s particularly geared for smaller children as the size suits their ability to get around the park and do everything. Highlights were the Flights of Fantasy parade (magical), toy story land (in particular the parachute ride) and It   s a Small World (my all time favourite!). It   s everything you would expect from Disney in a really nice bite sized dose which makes it perfect for a 1 day visit.
We went here for the day it was a great day for all adults and kids alike. It has good mixture of rides and shows everyone enjoyed the day.
Reading online I felt there was a huge feeling of inferiority to this Disneyland compared to its American counterparts but I can honestly say I had a great time! It may look small on a map but I would say it felt about the same size as Disneyland California. There is so much to see and do our only downtime was sitting down to eat twice the whole day. I would say if you are a hardcore Disney fan it can be a two day park but you can definitely do it justice in one.My favourite rides (in order) were Mystic Manor, Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Car, Hyperspace Mountain and The Iron Man Experiece**. We headed straight to The Iron Man Experience and Mystic Manor when we first got to the park and faced minimal wait time   When we returned later on in the day queues had built up but we stayed onsite at the Hollywood Hotel which provided us with Fast Passes which came in very handy in these instances.** Shout out to It   s A Small World and the Dumbo rides that hold a special place in my heart too**The shows at Hong Kong Disney were amazing too   Check out Festival of the Lion King, Mickey and the Wonderous Book and Mickeys PhilharMagic. I can   t remember enjoying shows at other Disney Parks as much. The We Love Mickey show was cool too and didn   t involve having to fight with crowds for a space down Main Street   the show is literally projected into the surrounding buildings so you can stand wherever you like. At the end of the day there was a Villains Night Out show keeping with the Halloween theme and involving popular villains from your favourite Disney movies. It was a lot of fun but mostly in Chinese so apart from a whole lot of cackling I wasn   t really too sure what was going on! (Shout out to Cruella who was giving it 100!!!)As well as the shows there were parades to see too. Mickeys Flight of Fancy was the best. Again, keeping with Halloween, there was a Halloween Street Party down Main Street which was fun but could have been avoided. The Hong Kong Disneyland app came in very useful when planning my day at Disney, providing show parade times and where they were located. As you can probably tell I am a Disney fan. I honestly had a great time and feel like people are a tad harsh in relation to this park (I was constant told not to expect too much). My only disappointments are:1) the size of Sleeping Beauty castle and the fact there was a lot of construction going on around it (   pardon our dust we are creating magic   ). As my partner pointed out the 15ft fence probably made the already small castle look even smaller but I am sure once they are finished it will look amazing and I will definitely be back to see for myself! 2) Despite the Disney Corporation priding themselves in magic and customer service I was a disappointed to not see this fully reflected in this park. Overall customer service was lacking in Hong Kong as a whole and I understand culturally it is a different world, but I was constantly disappointed in the rudeness I experienced during my trip and think it something that needs to be worked on at this park in order to keep in with the Disney magic.
Small park, just didn   t feel like Disney, lion king show was cancelled to park attendees as they booked a private part all day, unfair I thought, some restaurants were closed, the castle was a building site, very poor considering we still payed full price, mentioned to Disney customer services but was brushed off with reply that I should have checked web site day before for closures! Bit crap when I bought the ticket 2 months earlier, I   d not be returning, really poor excuse for a Disneyland!
We enjoyed our day out in Disneyland, not like before that over crowed ( weekend  dilemma ). We can pleased our over the rides without long queues.
I had awesome fun at Disneyland they had a fun Halloween show with Mickey Minnie goofy dancing. Had A great fun day there.
Disneyland hong kong was the 1st Disneyland I have ever visited. It was great experience for me, my daughter and my close friend. My daughter, who is 2 really enjoyed the places the story time. It was a best place to celebrate her 2nd birthday.I truly recommend this place, it's ideal for kids and adults.
We visited HKDisneyland in 2013 when it had been opened for 5 days, we loved it. We had read recent mixed reviews and decide would revisit and so glad we did. The MRT trip from downtown Kowloon is simple to say the least and took about 50 mins. The gates open at 10am for a wander and many photo opportunities with well loved characters, the    lands    open at 10.30am. The new Ironman experience was easy for a couple of grandparents and we thought the transformer ride at Universal Studios much more exciting. Young and old would love it....youths would find it tame. The staff are all friendly and extremely helpful and do their best to make it a happy place. We visited today, midweek and there were no lines for anything, whatever rude or experience you wanted you just wandered to it. There were 3 Main Street parades doe to being Halloween I think. They were good, quick and not crowded. The Lion King Show is a stand out, it was in 2013 and still is. The Star Wars ride is just the old Space Mountain ride with a new name. We enjoyed Toy Story land. As grandparents we enjoyed watching the expressions on the faces of children mostly aged between 3 to 6 they were in their element. I can   t imagine teenagers thinking it was very exciting.Would we recommend it.....yes would we do it a third time....probably not,Still if you   ve never been to Disneyland and can   t get to USA...do it.
If you are in Hong Kong and are even slightly interested in anything Disney including the  new  franchises, then a visit Disneyland is a must. All the classics are there, including a trip on  It's a Small World , while the Pixar, Star Wars and Iron Man displays bring Disney up to date. There is literally something for everyone at the Hong Kong Disneyland   even the journey on the Disney MTR is fun.
Much smaller than the California Disneyland but almost identical in some respects.  Can be covered easily in half a day.
It's close to the airport and small enough to do on a stop over.  Great for young families   it's not that busy and you can go to the toy story land.
a great place to be, reat rides, great ambiencea lot to walk though but it is very enjoyable, don't miss the mickey parade at night around 7 and the light show at the castle later, both of these attractions are very well organised and very well played.
Suprisingly the theme parks are quite accesible with the MTR. Don't be surprised this place gets REALLY crowded. Twice came across with the mascots but what a shame we didn't get to snap photos with them. The guides will be there to stop the queue halfway so make sure to be there early! The rides are OK but I really love how the entire place just brings back my childhood.
It's possible to go around all the ride in one day if you plan to go to Hong Kong Disneyland, and the best thing about Disneyland is the fireworks and the parade.
Good place to relax for adults and children, will take a whole day to view all the features inside the park.
I just loved this , if you have a ten hour delay at Hong Kong airport then do this.amazing day theDisney gardens and rides are amazing.be sure to have a Mickey Mouse waffle too. It   s an awesome day and the question are not too long
The Disneyland is small (at least compared to Paris Disneyland)   so one day is enough if you are visiting on a weekday.On weekends, use the fast track facility to utilize your time efficiently.Tips for visitors.  Visit on weekday (avoid weekends and holidays)  Carry food with you   you can save time and money.  Carry water bottles   can save time and money. Drinking water available in few places for refilling your water bottles.  Avoid the photo with Mickey Mouse at entrance   Mickey will be available at various places during day. Saw lots of people wasting time for the photo   where I waiting for 2 minutes to get the photo near Grizzle Gulch attraction.  If you see long queue for any attraction, take fast track pass and come back later.
Our first Disneyland and there were rides for 10 and 12 year old. Entry took 50 minutes when arriving at 10, but straight through the second day at 4!
I   d read all the reviews before going and a lot were disappointed about it being small. Went with an open mind as we   ve been to both Disneyland and Disney world in the USA before. We had a lovely day as adults. Got around the park in a day. Most rides were between a 15 30 wait in line which was manageable. We didn   t watch any of the shows except the Halloween street parade at 4:30pm (which didn   t disappoint) and didn   t line up for character photos so the Day was very smooth. Has all the charm of the original park and well worth the visit for a Disney fan.
Disneyland in Hong Kong is a Fabulous opportunity for Australasia to experience the joys of a Magical World away from bars, clubs and casinos! It is where Adults can be kids and kids to be thrilled by the magic. Firstly, if you are not staying in the Disney resort it is wise to buy your tickets online, also include your meal in the ticket as it is easier and cheaper. The package also includes a drink or ice cream AND a $50 voucher to spend at the Disney shop.We arrived close to opening time to beat the crowds but also remember the grand parade and fireworks are late evening, so check the show times and choose your arrival time accordingly. There is only one train connection in and out of Disneyland, don't stress about missing it as it runs every 10 mins etc. Entry during non peak season is quick, but beware bags are checked and no picnics, outside food or big drinks allowed.Once, inside the FUN begins, grab a map, review show times then run amok. If you are in a big family group like we were, separate and meet up when you  bump  into each other or at a arranged time as not every ride is suitable for everyone.The outer restaurants are quieter and are like food markets, make sure you take your voucher to validate if applicable.Queues for rides in October wasn't to long a wait between 5   25 mins, depends on type of ride as the more fast action rides went quicker as little kids could not go on them. The Dumbo ride was the best, simple BUT Fun. If you want the adrenalin rush then the Star Wars ride and the old Cabin Rail ride will do the trick. Skip the Halloween walk through journey, it's in Chinese with only one character speaking English. The  It's a Small World After All  ride in Fantasyland is so CUTE!Time flies and in no time the day ends as everyone is tired and themed park out.tyThanks to the Security staff who let our devastated 6 year old nephew re enter at the exit gate with his parents to search for his Disney cap he had left behind while posing for a photo just before exiting. By magic, no one picked it up and it was found where he had left it.
Our kid enjoy the place much,the hotel we stayed offer us discounted ticket,the place are easy to reach by metro.
Had a great time in Disneyland, we arrived early at 1030am and there are already a crowd. Lots of coach buses and if you are taking a cab the drop off point is a 10 15min to the entrance of Disneyland. It   s been to take the MTR into Disneyland. It   s right in front of the entrance. We spent 8 hours, going on the rides and enjoying the shows, Lion King, Moana, Winnie the Poo, etc.
Disneyland is must go place when you come to Hongkong. Since i was a kid i always dream to coming to Disneyland! It was an amazing experience! There are so many attraction there and you must take picture with Disney's character at the main street. It's a must! Wait until night and you can see Disney's parade at main street too. Food is okay but can be a lil bit expensive. But hey come on! Enjoy your dream holiday :D
If you plan to watch the parade, do make sure you grab good position at main street, especially the straight lane.   Else you might missed some part of it.   Do check t&c if you book online, especially meal coupon, you got to redeem at entrance.
It was everybody's child dream to come to this beautiful place...And its true!!truly incredible!!!Not only kid's can enjoy to visit here but all adult's with young heart will surely love the place!!!My nephews, niece and even my Mom love the place!!!Meeting Mickey and friends during the parade was truly a dream come true!!!Looking forward to visit this place again...
Very well organised place, good fun to spend a day with kids. If you plan well, can enjoy all the shows in a day's trip. However, timings for meeting various characters should be increased, especially if the crowds are large.
We took a 2 day ticket as we were not sure with one day it can all be covered. The first day, we reached by 10 AM and being a weekday it was not very crowded. Its Halloween time and the place had parades and decorations for Halloween. Started with start trek and iron man rides and it was good. Remember, these rides are not as thrilling as the Universal studio and intended for young children (this is Disney!) Then proceeded to the shows and realized that shows get full if you don't reach early. The Moana show had very little seating and the security staff especially one male was kind of rude to people who were walking around. I guess they need to remember that they are not police and kids come with a lot of hope to see this. Not all staff are very fluent in English and when they speak in English they sound rather rude. (Don't stand here, I DON'T know, Move away! etc are the words you hear). Some of them really need a lesson on being 'polite while being assertive'.The food options as written by many others are disappointing for people who do not eat pork and beef, there are very few chicken options. We tried the Asian cuisine restaurants and they are very average when it comes to quality of food. For vegetarians, it's a day of fasting!! (kidding, but it is almost true).If you book from Disney site, you get $15 x2 coupons. The main street store refused to take more than one coupon for a transaction, I argued and they called the manager who confirmed the rule!   one coupon per transaction. But to my surprise on the second day of my visit another store inside (star trek or the fantasy land one) accepted 2 coupons on my wife's ticket. Surprising. Again I think its English language proficiency that is the culprit. Unpleasant experience.The parades were excellent, especially the 8 PM Halloween parade. Shows were also really good and I guess more than rides these are the things you shouldn't miss while in Disneyland.The second day was a Saturday and we could clearly see the difference in the crowd. It was crowded from 10 AM itself. We had only a few stuff pending and finished everything by lunchtime. Overall, it was a 1 and a half day visit and in my opinion, if you are not so particular about missing out a couple of rides you can cover this park in 1 Day itself   try to visit on a weekday.  MTR is connected to the park and transportation to the city is very easy.   There was no free Wi FI  The HongKong Disneyland app on Android can give you details of the shows. It just keeps crashing often on my Samsung phone but for a day it's manageable.  No food or drink allowed to be carried inside, Its mentioned everywhere but I still saw people getting caught in the security and wasting time in disposing off.  Many rides and attractions can be closed for public on a certain day due to 'private' events, details are updated on daily basis on the website and app. Check beforehand and plan.  You should be going at least 20 mins early for the shows, they get filled up fast.
I have been to Disneyland in Los Angeles so I can only compare the Hong Kong site to the original. I enjoyed this Disneyland very much. The staff were always friendly and helpful. We had a mix up with our pre bought tickets and they went out of their way to help us resolve the issue even offering us express passes to some of the popular rides. Having been there in October they had a Halloween theme throughout the park and line ups to rides were not long as it was out of the holiday season for Hong Kong residents. They were giving away lots of stickers and lollies in the Halloween themed garden where kids could make up small baskets to go trick or treating. This was all free. Food is standard theme park menu items. We had burgers and fries which was decent enough.The theme park is near the airport direction and it cost us approx $50AUD each way from our hotel in Mong Kok via Uber (we had 6 people and needed a large van).There is also complimentary wi fi throughout the park.Its a long and tiring day when you are there from 10:30am until 8:30pm at night but it is worth it to see all the parades as well as the rides and features. I recommend to attend over two days as we didn't get to see all the themed sections in the first day. The kids loved it and so did us adults.
Disneyland Hong Kong is small compared to other Disneyland we visited. When we visited it wasn't that clean. Leaves from the trees are scattered in the alley. The pavement construction was not sophisticated too. The pros is that you can roam the entire Disneyland in one day for it wasn't that big.
We visited hong kong for our honeymoon December was perfect we had a really good time ... found the cutest merchandise at Disneyland stores picked so many tshirts and kitchen stuff, accessories etcMust visit loved all the rides too and the food tried red velvet pop corn too.For food and travel updates daily follow @ foodieandmoody on instagram thank you.
My first time at a Disneyland was rather disappointing; the queues were terribly long, the food was massively overpriced, and the rides were hardly thrilling. I supposed this park is catered mostly towards touristy families with young children, because there are much better things to do in Hong Kong and better cheaper theme parks such as Ocean Park. My advice is to go ahead to HK Disneyland if you are travelling with children or the elderly and have quite a bit of money to spare as it is a small theme park with expensive food and souvenirs but is extremely tourist friendly. If not, explore Hong Kong in its authenticity instead!
The Disneyland here is way too commercialized   too many stores than rides compared to the ones in US!My brother did not enjoy it since the ultimate night show was cancelled & that was not announced in their website!It was a big disappointment for my supposed to be treat!
Compared to Disneyland In California this Park is smaller but in saying this it is still a memorable and enjoying experience. The only complaint we had was that it rained most of the day but it didn't detract from the great time we had
By comparison to LA , this Disneyland is not so intimidating and bug. We spent 2 days and still did not see everything. The ride lines are not long, didn   t use our priority passes. The staff are friendly and with a 6 year old it was perfect.
I love Disney. I can say that I am Donald Duck and Mickey Mouse biggest fan. But I still can't get the idea of spending 2 3 days of your holidays in Disneyland. For that reason, I think the size of the area of HK Disneyland is perfect. It might be slightly smaller than other Disneylands, but for some people who does not want to spend their times in Disneyland (just like me), this place is great. I came to this place in June, when it was 32degrees celsius in HK. If I have to spend my whole day in Disneyland under the crazy sun of HK, I don't think I would make it. Lol. So it might be a good idea not to have a bigger area of Disneyland in 2 seasonal countries such as HK. Furthermore, you still can have all of the favourite rides and attractions. So, overall...i give it 4 stars. Highly recommended if you want to have Disneyland experience but unwilling to spend more than 1 day trip.
Best get in early as possible though, crowd & queueslow in the morning an as the day progresses obviously the queue time extends.I would start at Tomorrow Land and work your way around the park in a anti clockwise direction as I believe the rides are better and if you run out of time you haven't missed out on too much. Take something to eat in a back pack if with a young family as eating at the park is very expensive. All in all a great day with good family memories forever.
This is my first Disneyland trip and it was definitely a memorable one. The crowd wasn't as bad as been told. I was able to enjoy all rides in 1 day!Unfortunately Halloweentown & River View Cafe was closed when I was there.Villains Night Out during the closing was entertaining.
Had a seventeen hour layover in Hong Kong so we took our daughter to Disneyland as a special treat for her and to fill in time. She loved it. My wife and I were a little disappointed getting pictures with Micky and Minnie was a task in its self, lines so so long no shade and kept getting closed off, so had to keep going back and start over again.wich made it a very long day. All in all still a great day for kids. Even with the lineups it   s still worth taking the little ones too.
A day in Disneyland has always been magical. When me and my friends reached Sunny Bay Station to get to Disneyland Resort, we were greeted by a Disney themed train with Mickey shaped windows. Do bring along an umbrella or poncho just in case it rains and there is no shelter. Whether you are with a family of friends, you will enjoy the experience. Most rides cater to children but there are roller coasters and thrilling rides at Toy Story section. There is 2 halal certified store at Mainstreet Market and the Explorer's Club for muslim travellers. Do look out for the parades as kids will love it. Wear comfortable outfit and shoes if possible as the place is damn huge and require lots of walking. Highly recommended for all ages.
When it comes to Disney, you expect wonderful things, but we were very disappointed with our overall experience here on our recent visit. The park is very small and doesn't have the magical vibe that Anaheim Disneyland exhibits. The majority of staff that we encountered had the personalities of bricks and showed no happiness or excitement. Food options were very average and opportunities for photos with characters were limited. With the park closing at approx 8:45pm on the day we visited, photos with Mickey and Minnie were closed off at 4pm, causing much disappointment from numerous visitors. The general upkeep of the park also seemed quite poor, with overgrown gardens and dirty grounds in some areas. While there was the advantage of much shorter queues for rides, this Disneyland just feels like another average theme park and doesn't even come close to comparing with the original in Anaheim. I wouldn't recommend visiting this theme park.
Visiting Disneyland is dream for Kids & adults as well. We visited earlier in Paris but first time for my boy. The Disney train is really really lovely. Unfortunately during our visit the Main castle was closed for renovation & many other rides were closed due to Typhoon hence had limited choice. Even in evening the fireworks was cancelled & replaced with Parade which was good.Too small compare to the one in Paris with two attractions Disney Park & Studio but still good.Suggest to book ticket in advance preferable online at discounted price.
we enjoyed every minute of this great experience ,we took the small train all around the Disneyland ,then we took a small boat to see the wonderful animals lived there and although they are unreal one ,they look very real with the emotions and voices they act .there were also a very nice show with all the famous characters of Disney ..worth to visit
My first trip to Disneyland ever. Definitely wont be my last. Staff are friendly to help with our inquiries and despite the long wait for the rides, they are definitely enjoyable.Will definitely revisit in the future. Thabks for bringing the kid in me once again.
We went as a day trip when staying in HK.Travel   easy to get to on MTR and then hop on the special Disney train with Disney ears windows and handrails. Nice touch!Park   not the biggest of a Disney parks, one main ride per area plus some smaller ones. The castle is quite small (and at Oct 18 was undergoing maintenance and boarded up which was a shame). Some rides we hadn   t been on at other Disney parks.   The haunted mansion was actually quite good.   Iron Man the screen was blurred so didn   t rate it.   very clean and good staff  guests are all polite and everyone queues...I only mention this as this is not the same in eurodisney!
Everyone dream of visiting Disneyland, once in their life. One of the reason of visiting Hong Kong was this only. Starting from Disneyland train till the last ride, enjoyed a lot. If there would have been some more rides and timings would have extended till 9 PM, it would have been AWESOME.
The area is small though with the standard attractions of Disneylanin. The food iside the park is expensive as other Disneylands. However, still a good place for kids under 10. As it is not that big, it is good enough for one day tour and not too tiring. A lot of places to take photos. Better not to choose October or Chinese New Year as it will be crowded to serve the huge Chinese visitors.
All you would expect from a Disney site. The queues were short on the day which meant that we saw  rode most attractions in one day. The reason for not giving 5 stars is that an area of the park was to close at 7pm but two of the attractions closed just after 5pm so we could not visit
We took our 1 year old to visit Hong Kong Disneyland as a birthday treat. We went the day after the clean up from the typhoon   I was very impressed with their efficiency! We had a fabulous time. The baby had fun on  it's a small world after all  boat ride, the  Winnie the Pooh  train ride and the  Incredibles  ride. It was easy to get around with a stroller (compared to the rest of HK which isn't stroller friendly), had decent food options for babies at the cafe, decent baby change and breastfeeding facilities were available and the staff were very friendly. We enjoyed the fact that it wasn't as large as the other Disneylands so it was easier to see all the entertainment. As we were leaving for the night, they put on a special Halloween parade. It is easy to get to HK Disneyland via the metro but you do need to change at least once on the metro if your hotel is on another HK island e.g. Kowloon. It is also close to the cable car ride at Ngong Ping so if there is time and energy, I would recommend doing the two together on the day. See Ngong Ping first and take the cable car for a great view of the beauty of HK and then take the metro to Disneyland and enjoy the rest of the day and evening there.
Smaller than the original Disneyland in Anaheim, but even with its compact nature it packs a day full of fun. We got super lucky on our day, it wasn   t so crowded so my friends and I managed to do every single thing, except the little kids rides. There are a few unique rides and HKD, like mystic manor and the new iron man ride, which will give you bragging rights as they aren   t at other parks, but then standards like a Star Wars version of space mountain, it   s a small world, and my personal favorite the jungle cruise. As to shows, go see them all. They were so much fun and amazing. Even some shows are in multiple languages at once, it only adds to the charm. Lion King was my favorite. And the parades, especially the Villains parade at night was really fantastic. The food was also good and not unreasonable considering HK prices. And if you want special stickers be sure to ask cat members for help or questions and then you may get one. I got three. Over all amazing fun day.
While not nearly as robust as it   s Japanese, French and American counterparts, Hong Kong Disneyland has its charms. The number one perk: the crowds. I have never seen crowds so light at a Disney park. Nearly all rides were walk on the entire day     even the fantastic Mystic Manor, Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Minecars and Hyperspace Mountain. The downside to the low crowds: many rides, shops and food vendors all had off hours (with some of the latter not opening at all). But the food we did have was great, the people were friendly and it was actually kind of nice not to have to rush through the relatively small park. Worth a one day visit for the casual Disney park fan; two days only for the fanatics. (Bonus tip: check out Mickey and the Wondrous Book, a fun and impressively produced musical stage show.)
Traveled with our friends from Sydney and booked 2 separate special tours to run concurrently The tour guides were superb with childrenHighly recommended to book a tour if you want to cover selected attractions within a day.The food could be better though given the price Otherwise great place to visit
Too small and nothing much to see.Got done in half a day with most attraction not worth the money here
Just like any other wonderful and enchanting Disneyland parks, facilities perfectly kept, high quality service and entertainment, we visit a week after one of the biggest typhoon ever hit the area, and besides the amount of trees they lost or got damaged everything else was up and running, with the exception of some areas around the castle that was close for repairs or improvements. Food was great, very large serves, food vouchers with our entrance tickets were a good option and even if you choose a meal over the limit of the voucher value, you can paid the difference. The park itself might be smaller than most of the other parks around the world, but still you have all of the favorite rides and areas, we loved every minute of it. One of the highlights for us, was the amazing Lion King show. Lots of characters around the park, 4 great parades every day. Great family experience.
We loved the experience and thought the rides were excellent. We stayed at Hotel Disneyland which I would highly recommend.Try to come in winter as the heat was almost unbearable during the middle of the day especially with 45 min queues due to Golden Week. It would be wonderful to see the park open until 10 or 11pm so that the rides could be enjoyed outside of the heat. We didn   t want to leave at 8pm!
When we planned our trip to Hong Kong we didn't realise that we would be there for the Mid Autumn Festival. When we went to Disneyland on the Sunday before the Festival we didn't realise that the line to get into the park would be over an hour long at 10am. The heat was oppressive and there was far too little shade and water dispensers available. After waiting, waiting and waiting we gave up by 3pm (after only getting in at 11am!) and left.The park is very small compared to other Disneyland's but the crowds at the bag check at the entrance were like I have never, ever seen before. Crazy!
Hong Kong Disneyland was the third Disney experience for my fianc  e and me after LA and Paris.It   s smaller than the other Disneylands, and could probably be done in one day, but we opted to pay the tiny bit more for a second day, and ended up very pleased with that decision as we felt we got a lot of payback out of doing rides multiple times. Hong Kong Disneyland seem really good at making the rides effective even if you   ve done them a lot before. Mystic Manor is probably the best example, the details and special effects are incredible, we were noticing new things the fifth time we did it.The Jungle Cruise is also great   we did it four times   with the guides genuinely funny and a great action packed circuit. One of the zebras was missing an ear though.It is the least impressive Space Mountain we have seen yet but still worth doing a few times. The cheap Star Wars overlay does not work, and you can see too much of the track and rigging inside   it really should be blacked out, I thought that was the point.We highly recommend the Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine cars, we really like it how they did it in their own style rather than just mimic Big Thunder Mountain.Generally the crowds are well behaved with very little queue jumping.We were there on a Thursday and Friday   the park got really busy in the afternoon so I would recommend doing the big attractions in the morning or at the end   in the last hour we were able to walk on to It   s a small world, Jungle cruise, and Grizzly Mine carts without any queue.I would also suggest doing Fantasyland as soon as the park opens   we did five rides in the first hour, which would have been impossible later in the day.The teacups here are the fastest we have experienced and the rides are overall fairly gentle on the head and neck but still a lot of fun. We didn   t really like the Disneyland Railroad (not much to see   this seems pointless outside of LA) and the Iron Man simulator, which looked suspiciously similar to Star Tours.Throughout Disneyland, the cast are not as exuberant as in LA and generally don   t add to the experience, apart from on the Jungle Cruise. But they are helpful and polite and most seem to speak enough English for us to not have to worry. The only time where our our experience was marred by our lack of any Chinese language was the seasonal walkthrough based on the Nightmare before Christmas. There were 5 or 6 sections, all but one were entirely delivered by characters speaking Chinese only, so we were not really able to follow it. Visually it was very impressive but they should have warned guests that they would not understand it if they didn   t speak Chinese because this was the only thing in the park not with no English and it had one of the biggest wait times.I would recommend that Disney seriously considers restricting people from using big sun umbrellas. The Fairy Tale Forest was pointless because people just stand with their umbrellas blocking everyone   s view.Overall the park is probably not as aesthetically impressive as LA or Paris but it still feels very Disney. One area where they excel is how they light up the park at night   it looks great.So going in we though it might not have the genuine Disney feel due to it being very small, but this turned out to not be a problem at all. We also noticed far less annoying stroller parking everywhere than in LA and far less smoking than in France. The food had very good Disney theming. We got our Disney fix and we would recommend it.
This is the 5th time we visited Hong Kong Disneyland!The iron man 4D ride is great! The star war mountain ride was a bit scary for my youngest child .. he is 6 years old, he was a bit scared during the ride , but my 7 years old love it and did it twice The food was great ! Both my dad and I had the laksa which was at high quality ! My kids were having the hainan chicken , they enjoyed it a lot ! We got the pass to get into the Halloween town which was quite fun! Again may be too scary for young kids as my son cried after visiting The fantasy land is very suitable for young kids . We tried the teacup and dumble and saw the mickey mouses orchestra 4d movie which was the highlight for the kids !However we had difficulty to find Mickey and mini mouse and all the Disney character to take photos Overall we has a great time!
Been there for Halloween. Theme park is a bit small with lots of tourists. So it's a bit crowded. Try to go on weekdays for better experience. Other than that, the rest of the experience was good.
Like any other theme park, there are numerous shops selling overpriced merchandise. The lines were short and there was no wait getting in. The biggest letdown was the price getting in which worked out to be around AUD$220 for two Adults. Food was typical theme park quality. If you must see Disney or have kids then it is probably worth a trip.Tip: Take an umbrella for sun shade.
The wife absolutely loved this place, we spent the whole day there, we got the MTR from Tsim Tsa Tsui with ease. As you would expect, it was all set up to take your cash , but thats cool. plenty of things to do and a lot of areas to rest and chill ( you will need it ). I would recommend to stay visit so you get the show after sundown, the kids will love it and you will score massive points with the kids overall. Have fun!
Had a great day at Disneyland with the family. We prepurchased tickets at the hotel and took the train with our Octopus card. Very easy using the train system and the quickest way to get there. Go on a weekday to avoid long lines. Food there very expensive. Seemed a little smaller than the US parks, less shows, but the rides are great fun. Toy Story land lots of fun for all.A lot of the eating places were not open when we were there which restricted choices for food.
It   s was wonderful went Disneyland lots things. Hot day! Enjoying walking around. Cold drinks & ice cream. Beautiful at night time lots of lights!lovely dinner! Love it!
Having the ability to go to any Disneyland Resort has been a life long dream for our family. Hong Kong DisneyLand is a perfect place to spend time with your family or friends. It's offers a wide variety of experiences, from gastronomical aspects, and imaginative concepts that triggers happiness as you connect to your inner child. The rides are all in pristine condition. And the food has good quality into them. I would definitely recommend Disneyland to anyone I know for the rest of my life.
Lovely place, I would recommend, my 17 yr old daughter loved it, I thought it was a better suited to the younger age group. Disneyland USA i thought is better.
My partner and I love Disney so we were always going to go to Disneyland Hong Kong when we saw there was one. In the last few years, we have checked out LA and Paris versions together. The park was great, alot better than expected and a nice size, meaning you could get around all the attractions if you spent the whole day there. The rides were longer than some of the other parks we have visited recently. Our only drawback, came from the shows on offer. The Lion King show was a spectacle to watch, with it being all singing and dancing, however, the songs didn   t sound the same, with varying notes used by the performers. We also went to the Moana show, expecting to see and hear some of the great music, but this time there was no music at all involved. Maybe it is hard to find performers at the right ability, but it is a slight area of improvement, if I was being picky. Overall, it was a great day out and I would highly recommend it, Tip   It   s obviously very hot, so make sure you take lots of water with you, as it   s fairly expensive in the park. Tip   We went on a Tuesday, hoping it would be quiet but was very busy, possibly as it was the day after China Day, so try go on a slower day to get around everything.
It is small but nice generally.   There are many programmes and shows planned with schedule.   The firework is amazing.
Each Disney park has it's uniqueness. Get there early to buy your tickets and line up. Catch MTR to Sunny Bay and change trains to the Disneyland resort line. It's the heat that exhausts you so take plenty of sun protection and pop into the shops to cool down. I don't recommend taking toddlers to any theme parks as there is very little for them to do and it is a realy long day. The staff are friendly and most speak English.
Luckily i had kept Disneyland stay for the end of my family trip. The moment one enters the sprawling premises, one realises that only an American venture can be so elaborate, high tech & beautiful. With nothing much to do for a family visiting Hong Kong (in terms of activities involving kids), Disneyland more than made up for it. Built like a fairy  fantasy land with separate sections, one ideally needs 2 full days to be able to enjoy everything. Crowded like mad, there are long queues even for getting snaps clicked with disney characters all over. The 3 parades in a day were a spectacle to watch esp the end of the day as it was Halloween Theme in place. However, my son was hugely disappointed as he totally missed out on doing  Adventure Land  & still regrets it. Fault wasnt ours as we spaced out everything well after finding out shut down time from staff  site who told us it was 2000h. however, when we reached Adventure Land at about 1915h with 45mins to spare, it had totally shut down & nobody could explain as to why as all other sections were still open. Also, we had lost about an hour in the morning view heavy rains. But the authorities wouldnt allow us even limited entry of an hour into the Adventure Land the next day. that i personally feel was highly unprofessional & insensitive as THEY had shut down the section way before closing time. My son still feels miserable when he talks about the trip. So ideally, stay inside for 2 nights   just the right amount of stay. Its worth every penny
Its located on Lantau island of HK. Easily accessible by MTR disney line. Trains are also designed in disney theme. Park is pretty big enough to spend 7 8 hours. They also have all the necessary amenities for kids infants too. Its very well maintained. Unfortunately the main castle was under renovation. Also 20% of the rides & attractions were shut due to Mangkhut typhoon which was hit a week before.
Spent 2 days at the park. Didn   t have to queue up for any rides as I am guessing it was off peak season. It was very hot though so I would probably recommend going during the cooler months, but then you might have to queue up for rides. Because of the typhoon there were a few rides that were closed. Food was pretty pricey but was delicious. Was great seeing the halloween theme throughout the park and incorporated into their food design too. Only took our 1yr old on the    It   s A Small World    ride but my 9yr old nephew went on pretty much all the rides. Spent heaps on merchandise too! Would definitely want to go again!
It's our first Disneyland trip and it did not disappoint. We went there for the little bro's birthday celebration but I think it was me that enjoyed the most. I was running and lowkey screaming when we got to the entrance arch. HAHA. A whole day is required to enjoy all the rides. We went there a little over lunch and we missed some. Lines were already forgiving during our trip since we went there on a Saturday in September, not a popular time to visit since blogs say it's already starting to rain in HK during September. Luckily, it was sunny during that time. And we only waited in line for an average of 10 minutes, I guess. Lucky, right?? Food will cost you a lot so it's better to eat outside and come with a full stomach. But if it cannot be avoided, there are food stalls inside. The sausages at Toy Story Land were good. !!!!DO NOT MISS THE HYPERSPACE MOUNTAIN RIDE AT TOMORROWLAND!!!! SO INTENSE!!!! The Small World ride was very cute and chill and relaxing, you should try that too. Since January 2018, there were no more fireworks display to close the day. To compensate, they do character parades three times a day. Because of this, we were not able to take photos with the characters (we prioritized the rides hehe) since no longer entertain photo ops at 5 PM, because the staff will be getting ready for the closing parade. No regrets tho. The rides were super fun. Merchandise is will also cost you a lot, by the way. But again, NO REGRETS! :)
Huge park with lots of attractions. Have to plan your visit beforehand via their website in order to maximise your time there. Lots of airconditioned food options too, but is usually crowded due to the hot weather outside.
i go to disneyland soon after i arrived at HK airports. you can leave your luggage in the luggage storage near the gate of hongkong disneyland. the ride is mostly for kids. only 1 5 attraction dedicated for adult. its better if you stay in the resirt because its only a few walk away. i visit and september, unfortunately the fireworks is not available due to renovation.
Only go here if you have never been to a Disneyland before, or you are one of those people who are crazy for Disney. It   s small. Really small. You can do the whole park in a half day. Don   t go on a Chinese Holiday or it will be flooded with Mainland Chinese tourists. Pretty much the same as every other Disneyland just 10% of the size. Take advantage of the fast pass system. If your ticket is crumpled or broken and the machine won   t accept it, there is a small inconspicuous button on the back of the fastpass machine that will print a fast pass ticket for you. Unscrupulous visitors can press it repeatedly to get multiple rides without waiting in line. Visit the rides that don   t have fast pass first or last thing. Stay late for the fireworks over the castle.
like the title said, its a wonderful place. went there on Aug18 with the childrens and they were stoke!! even the weather was hot hot hot so remember to bring lotsssss of water and mini fan for the children it will help a lot if you bring one. for precaution, it would not be a bad idea to bring a rain coat cause it could rain anytime in HK.the theme park was clean, well organise and very plesing to walk around dispite the number of people there.
we had a two day pass booked through the disney web site it is a small disney park but lots of fun.  We had dinner at the cafe which was very nice but a little expencive.
This Disneyland is much smaller and therefore, more crowded than the one in California, USA. The best rides in the park are Grizzly Gulch and HyperSpace Mountain. Almost everything else is geared toward very young children. Good visit, but not 5 stars.
If not for Disneyland theme , I really not found it worth spending your full day on this. Quite expensive too and far from the city. I feel Ocean Park is a much better alternative to spend a day.
I was in disneyland HK in April 2018. I bought tickets online for 5 persons, whether tickets were lunch & dinner included. It was a rainy day, so we prepared also for rain coat and umbrella. Unfortunately one of the iconic palace was under renovation and temporarely closed. Lunch & dinner vouchers are only capable for some selected restourants, if you plan to whole day in disneyland, buying ticket with lunch and dinner included is still cheapest way.
We felt like kids! First experience at a Disney. It truly is magical. Everything is themed! From the toys to the food! Was disappointed about the castle still being under renovation. Also take note of the times to get your picture taken with the various characters around the park. We were too late to get our Mickey and Minnie picture. The food voucher was well worth it. Food portion was large. Drinks are expensive but you must stay well hydrated for the amount of walking that is done. We did not use the fast pass as the park was not very busy. The shops are amazing and have the cutest items to purchase. Had to control ourselves! The parade at night was so much fun. We wish we had stayed over for a night in the resort to complete the park but overall it was an amazing experience!
We love this place. My 6 years old daughter and a one year old son is enjoying themselves in Disneyland. Most of the rides has no ages restriction like other theme park. We bought 2 days entry ticket and well spend for both days.
The all park is nice BUT how is possible that you come there with kids and want to take some photos with famous Disney cartoons like Mickey and Minnie and they don   t let you. Ok I understand that people need rest but than you need to have few of this cartoons to take photos not just one. They are photographying for 1 hour after that they are on pausa another hour and people are waiting them to come back, they let group of people after that they say it   s over no more photos.... I don   t understand that policy
Had an awesome day and everything was great if not better then I thought APART from seriously disappointed with the    Journey to Halloween town   ! It ended so randomly after 5 walk throughs and majority in cantonese only (4 out of 5) On top of all we hardly queued at all the rides and waited the longest to go to this! 45 minutes. Whoever came up with the walk through story needs to sort out the    ending    of it. The actors tress were great though especially Sally the Rag Doll (shes really amazing from her make up to her voice) Jack was of course good and the themed rooms and decoration. But really got to pay attention from the start to end! Ending really impacts the guests impression too and our whole group of 12 15? were like wtf at the end. Something tells me lack of budget might have affected the ending?
good....MTR make it approachable....good staff... buy ticket online....or contact your hotel... one day is not enough atlest with children... food is horrible ...not for vegetarians...
Very hood park. Nothing to signal. It was a good moment of fun. Greetings for france. I recommand this park
Second time here in 11 years and my first visit was better. Trying to celebrate our honeymoon in 1 of 3 Disneylands. They don't have a good pin selection here  just stickers? Not impressed since we traditionally get pins from Disney world every time we go. Customer service is not Disney level. People avoided eye contact, only approached us at the dining cafe when we we're signaling for help, and some cast members were on their cell phones! We we're trying to buy storm trooper magnets and we had to wait for someone to look up from their phone and ring us up. The roller coasters are fun and there were no lines it being a Wednesday. Super clean bathrooms and park. Toy story land is small but the rides are good for kids. They decorated for Halloween so it was enjoyable to see. Due the damages from the typhoon, the jungle cruise was closed  no biggie but I probably won't want to come back specifically for that ride. Thank goodness for the good company I was with. He was able to point out the fun Disney decor. Which is what I love about Disney parks.
I have been to Tokyo and LA Disneyland!I also visited this disneyland back in 2006.Back in 2006 i was disappointed as it was very small but after 12 years its been well and truly expanded!Only thing missing for me was Toon town but a great day or 2 can be had for people with young children under 12.2 day pass was around $400 AUD for 2 adults and 2 kids!Worth the visit if you have never been before.Suggest train
The services compare with the opening period is totally different.1  Guide and map is not easy for traveller organize they own plan as the date before. It   s must be spend more time for the whole trip. 2  The show (Lion king my favorites show) not such carrying the same feelings. Less actress and not monumental anymore.3  The souvenirs quality honestly really    China   , such like the things you can find in Mongkok market.Hope its will help you somehow. Thank you.
Caught the MRT out to Disneyland from Kowloon. That was the first great part of a enjoyable day. Who would have thought there would be a train with Mickey Mouse head shaped windows? Cool!It   s a reasonable walk from the terminal to the actual entrance, but lots of things to look at (including of course lots of options to take your money!).The actual Park itself is very good. The various    lands    clean and slick, though staff in many are pretty slow to make things happen. Rides including roller coasters are fun and there is plenty for every age or level of    adventure    tolerance. Integration of Star Wars and Marvel themes are good, as is Toy Story Park area and Grizzly Gulch. Have to say that after a day I was theme parked out, but I can see that people that love Disney or theme parks could get far more out of it than me and over a couple of days. Certainly worth visiting if in Honk Kong.
Its famous attraction of hong kong probably because of its brand. However, I didn't find any extra ordinary ride s or show s in this theme park. I would rather suggest spend one extra day in Ocean park.
Everything is just so magical from start to finish. We took our daughter to Hong Kong Disneyland for her 5th Birthday. She carried a big smile on her face throughout the day. We took our car and it costed us HKD 220 for whole day. Tickets are expensive but worth paying. All shows were good but personally i enjoyed watching festival of the lion king   musical stage show re telling the story of Simba (Hakunama Tata). Waiting time for each ride is around 10 15 minutes (weekends). See if there is a FASTPASS distribution sign near the entrance of the attraction you want to ride. Cartoon characters too have resting time therefore, there's a possibility of missing out on few. Night parade is Spectacular.Quick Tip: At the time of heavy rain you may visit the nearest Disney shop and buy a raincoat worth HKD 60. Available for both adult and child and walk freely in Disneyland
Hong Kong Disneyland is amazing. We took the MTR from Kowloon to HK Disneyland and the trains are adorable. The Mickey Mouse windows and then the various statues of Disney characters were so fun to see. We arrived before the park opened and got to watch a family open the park. This family the mom was cutely dressed and the kids were in different Halloween costumes and they were picked to open up Disney. It was SO adorable. Right now Disneyland is decorated all for Halloween and there is an area for the Villians to be out and planning. The music is a variety of Halloween music. Mickey and Minnie mouse were dressed for Halloween. Here is my opinion....HK Disneyland is a great place to go. If you want to go on the rides as long as you are going during a peak time (which I'm not sure when that would be    we went during the Moon Festival) but for most rides we waited no more than 20 minutes. However meeting the characters could ranges from waiting for 5 minutes or you could be waiting for over an 1 hour. Food    if you are okay with not air conditioner you could grab your food and eat outside on the tables outside the restaurant.
This Disney is great. I was told not to expect much, but I wasn   t disappointed. You get the Disney magic with the Castor framed by gorgeous mountains. There are some different rides with a unique HK spin. The food isn   t amazing and I struggled to find anything other than quick service. But you don   t go to Disney for the food. Love this place
Travel by train is easiest and cutest way to get to Disneyland as the train carriages and railway station are really worth seeing. We purchased entry tickets, available just for the day, from our hotel concierge. There is a lot of fairly flat walking to do and we started with the train within Disneyland to orientate ourselves. Ensure you have a hat and sunscreen in warm weather. Of course it is immaculately clean in every aspect. Renovations and extensions were underway so when finished will be really great.
Disney is always the magical kingdom, and after numerous visits, I   m still in love with touring around the park enjoying the shows and rides. Staff are a little less friendly than those of Disneyland Tokyo, but still helpful. The waiting time for rides are shorter than expected, probably because it was a weekday (but public holiday) and not during summer holidays. I don   t recommend going during summer holidays because: 1. the weather is too hot and humid for most people; 2. the queues are probably crazy long.
There are halal eateries available on the premise.Easy access by MRT.Kids friendly. There are strollers available for rent.There are nursing and baby care rooms.It's a day pass. you can exit and re enter within the same day.We went to Citygate Outlet in between as it was one MRT station away.
My family and I took a 2 days pass for this ticket entrance. I really love this place which I cannot described how much fun I   m having here..At night we watched the firecrackers with the mascot Disney show ...
Yes, I am 24 and this is my first visit to Disneyland which clearly did not disappoint   other than the fact that it was pouring at 11 am when I dropped off at the terminal after taking the hotel shuttle so we had to wait it out but we had an amazing day after.I got my tickets from Klook and it was a fuss free entrance as we scan our printed tickets that was sent via email. And then we used our express pass given complimentary by Disneyland Hotel for all the fun rides and attractions, highly recommend space mountain because anything that is airconditioned and fast never fails to disappoint. After we've finished our priority passes we bought some slushies and popcorns to snack on and walked around to take polaroids with the characters around. Would recommend the trip for family and groups of friends. I've also heard that this is a rather small Disneyland compared to the ones elsewhere so I would recommend visiting this first :)
We visited Disneyland on 9.25.18. Great visit, glad we came after our flight was cancelled. We bought tickets at the Disney Hollywood Hotel. Highly recommend the Iron Man Activity. The castle was closed due to remodeling I believe. We were able to get 1 picture with Star Wars characters, which was nice. Didn't see any other characters walking around except for the Halloween characters and Mickey once they started playing the Mickey song in the street. A lot of people but maybe because they have holiday now. Recommend the jungle ride.Thumbs up!
This may be the most beautiful of the Disneylands I've visited (LA, Orlando, Shanghai and Hong Kong) but it has the least to offer of them. We stayed and I recommend staying in the Hong Kong Disneyland Hotel and were given paper FASTPASSes we could use on Ironman Experience, Hyperspace Mountain, Mystic Manor, Grizzly Gulch roller coaster, and Mickey's PhilharMagic (which we didn't see as we have seen it numerous times in WDW). You get a certain number of FP for each person per night you stay based on your level of room. We stayed in a Kingdom Club Room and received 4 passes per night per person so we had 16 passes as we stayed four nights for 5 attractions. I threw some away and gave some away because it was simply too many for such a small park to even want to ride those same five attractions that many times! But I highly recommend this for at least one night. Staying in the Hong Kong Disneyland Hotel also gets you into Mickey and the Wondrous Book's first show in first which we did. We were still able to get a FASTPASS for Winnie the Pooh in the park as well and used a VIP tour to do all the rest of the rides skipping the line and for a private viewing area of the nighttime parade (which we didn't need as it wasn't crowded compared to US park standards even in July and we watched the parade from the upstairs of the RR station on Main Street with no one around us and a superb view). We were able to ride things multiples times and see all shows we don't have in our American parks. We had a great time but there is far less to do here and it does not require more than a day if you plan correctly. They don't have a lot of newer amazing attractions like Shanghai did and it was extremely hot in July so I'm only giving it four stars.
This place proved that Disneyland really is the happiest place on Earth. Here your inner child runs wild the park is huge and really clean so it's really enjoyable. Transportation was Interesting. You take a special train to Disneyland this was amazing. Although you aren't allowed items such as selfie sticks and other things this place is truely magical.
Visited here 09 20. It was a very humid day! We ducked into some of the shops to cool off. It was a week day so not very crowded. They recovered from the typhoon rather quickly. Most everything was open and you would never know the typhoon passed through here. The Ironman Experience is cheesy. It was just a photo opportunity with person in Ironman costume who used pre recorded voice. The Moana: A Homecoming Celebration is outdoors in a half covered venue. Also cheesy, but the kids seemed to like it. The Moana character sorta looked like Moana. The ladies might want to watch the movie again to do hula correctly. It was funny to see one of the drummers with a body suit to make him look tanned with Maori tattoos.The parade had the normal characters Toy Story, Lilo & Stitch, etc. Seemed shorter than the American version.Overall, this little Disney is entertaining for the children and maybe teenagers. We spent a total of 3 hours there.
We had a great day at Disney. We saw all the shows and both parades and did the rides we wanted to do.If you are going with somebody over 65, they can get in for $100HK instead of $600HK but they must show their passport to get the reduced price.Well worth a visit for the kids and the big kids too!!!
We had a great time at this park. Despite being mostly geared towards younger children compared to other Disney resorts, it   s still Disney...high quality experience, decent food options (even for dietary restrictions), and some really fun rides. The ambiance of Disney always makes it worth it in my opinion!
Loved the HK disneyland, stayed at the Disneyland Hotel where free shuttle bus service from the hotel to the resort was provided. Plethora of activities to do and things to see. Loved the shows shown like mickey and the wondrous book etc. Enjoyed shopping at almost all gift shops, every store sells different things, so do visit them! However, abit too crowded as wait times can exceed 45mins which was a bummer due to the heat in June. However me and the fam had a marvellous time! btw, the highlight was the night time parade which showcased many floats and characters!
We know what kinds of travellers we are... our family holidays fit into two categories... theme Parks or resorts. And as far as theme Parks go... Disneyland wrote the book, created the genre and remain on TOP. We have visited the Hong Kong park multiple times and it never disappoints. The standards only ever improve. The cast are attentive and in character, the facilities are world class and the rides continually met Disney   s high standards. Our kids always love it, and as they get older, find new aspects of the park to love. Grisly gulch and mystic manor have climbed to the TOP of their list as favourite rides, and Groot is the new favourite character. Jedi training academy could benefit from slightly less Kids in a session, but the new Ironman ride is a welcome addition to the park. Can   t wait to see what they build next...
The day we visited Hong Kong Disneyland it was warm and the weather was fine to start off. That changed and then it rained for the rest of the day. We enjoyed Disneyland but found lots of areas were closed because of the weather. There were not many places to eat at, I think most people grabbed tables to get shelter out of the weather. That made it difficult for anyone wanting to eat a meal at a table. It was quite easy to get on the rides as most people disappeared when the rain set in. Tickets are expensive but if you are a child at heart it's worth going to.
Really love this place Disneyland so much although ticket is quite expensive but really worth it. Food also can be expensive inside. All the rides is so fun! Coming back again this year end.
Many people said that the HK Disneyland is not good as it   s too small. But for a Disney fans like me who have been to almost all Disneylands in the world except the one in Paris and Shanghai, I think the HK Disneyland is small but good enough for many people who have never been to Disneyland. One of the good things about the HK Disneyland is that you don   t have to walk a long way to get to each attraction as the park is not big. Compared to those in other cities such as the Disneyworld in Florida, for a slow walker like me, it   s pretty tiring to walk to each attraction, though there are some means of transport that I could use, for example the bus.And because it   s small, visitors can easily explore the whole park in just one day, giving them more time to see other beautiful places in HK.And for those visitors who like Chinese food, don   t forget to try the Plaza Inn, delicious chicken and suckling pig.
It has always been my dream to visit Disneyland. Hong Kong is the nearest one so I really saved to go there. Unfortunately, the day when we went there, it was raining so we have to buy raincoats. Raincoats cost 70HKD. But the rain did not stop us from enjoying what Disneyland has to offer. I could say that one day is not enough to try all the rides and attractions that this park has. But the best part for me are the shows we watched   Feast of the Lion King, Mickey's Philharmonic Theater and Storybook. It was like going back to my childhood days. So nostalgic, specially for a Disney fan like me. The parade was the main highlight for me which I totally enjoyed. One of the things I was disappointed about is that there were no fireworks because Sleeping Beauty castle was closed for renovation. I also did not get to see as much Disney characters, maybe because it was raining? Lastly, the food is pricey and in small portions too. But overall, it was a memorable and fun visit!
My family enjoyed our trip in Disney HK. It is really the happiest place. As an adult it reminds me of my childhood days. There is one staff who is very accommodating, he is the guard standing in the entrance near the jungle river, although I forgot to take note of his name. We had our lunch in Starliner, unfortunately my family did not enjoy the food. I would recommend the Royal Banquet Hall where we enjoyed our dinner. A variety of foods to choose from and the serving was very satisfying. My son enjoyed the hyperspace mountain. While I enjoyed the jungle river a lot. Your family will surely enjoy the tour in Disney HK.
Hong Kong Disneyland is small compared to the others, it has more resturants than rides, BUT the queues are much shorter   it has all of the MUST DO Disney stuff   unfortunately the magic castle was closed for refurbishment while we were there   We had 1 full day from open to Fireworks and fitted everything in comfortably.
Was a good day out, no waiting in line. Would of been good if the castle was open. Closed for refurbishment which was a shame
I always wanted to take my daughter to Disney Land on her 10th birthday.. and from India, Hong Kong is the closest and cheapest Disney Land. Good that I booked two days tickets as we could manage to see everything and enjoy every ride.. there were long queues for 30 45 minutes per ride, but if you have two full days you can afford to waist for each ride and attraction.. my daughter loved the experience..we did most of the rides twice.. best part was that you can carry your water, drinks and food.. that will save you lot of dollars as everything is expensive like any other amusement park.
Not much to say, it's a nice park, nice to walk around and take in the atmosphere but other than that there is not much there for big kids. There were no looping rides and everything inside was too expensive (usual). Worth going for one day, you should be able to do everything you want within the day.
perfect offset for kids for a whole day's fun n delight. everything is so very well planned and done, there there and away is breeze.  best place for kids for all round entertainment, fun, rides, shows, food choices.
Its not the fault of Disney that such a bad typhoon storm hit and closed and disrupted operations. It is their fault and responsibility in how they handle the ensuing customer issues.When we explained to Mr.Dominic Chanat the Hong Kong Disneyland Reservation Center that we travelled far with our kids, paid for plane tickets, paid hotel, etc and bought silver passes to the park and had limited time he didnt seem to care. The park was closed during our stay for one day and many things in the park were not running or closed. All we asked was to be able to use our passes on Saturday to make up for the closed day and the other problems as we leave Sunday.He gave us the magical template answer with a NO, passes cant be used on Saturday with no consideration. Greed before customer concern is how they responded to the aftermath of the storm.The park is currently in disarray and best to avoid until they get the place fixed up and can ensure us that all the attractions have been inspected for safety due to storm damage that may compromise safety.
What can I say, having been to the USA and to Disney Paris, this one is the worst one so far. Expensive to enter, expensive to buy water and food.Gifts were over priced too.Totally disappointed that there were no big rides, everything seemed geared towards young children, nothing for us big kids.Don't waste your money, save up and go to the USA, the best Disney by far.
For those who have not been to any part of disneyland in the world, i guess this HK Disneyland is good enough and wow you. However, the place is clean, and for Muslim tourists, you dont have to worry about getting Halal food and Musollah, they provide and cater for you. We do have fun in Mystic Manor, Grizzly grunch and Space mountain. One day is enough for you to look around and ride everything plus to shop and the parade. But, do go there during weekdays, the queue will not take long, as maximum will get you only 10 minutes per ride. We did enjoy anyway. But to take photos with the icons, you have to queue as they have only specific spot just for photography.
Definitely a must to visit once in a lifetime. Will definitely look forward to go back again, it is sad that the Castle is closed for renovation and the fireworks are no longer part of their lineup. But thanks to the staff, especially the ones in the Lilo and Stitch Costumes for being so welcoming and fun. The rides are also very fun and there wasn't an absurd amount of waiting time compared to other theme parks of similar scale.Thank you Disneyland Hong Kong!
Arrived via MTR station Sunny Bay, then a Disney train takes you to the entrance. Bought on our tickets on Klook and this allowed us direct admission. The park officially opened at 10am but they opened the gates at 9.30 and allowed access to Main Street. We visited on a weekend and although busy we were still able to go on all the rides. We didn't watch the main parade but did see the Pixar Water Street Party which was great fun and we all got completely soaked. As for food we pre purchased the 3 in 1 offer from Klook, this allowed to eat in a variety of restaurants and allowed us one main course and and a drink for lunch must be eaten before 4pm and a main course and drink for dinner and that could only be eaten after 4.30pm. We also could take our pick of a ice cream or popcorn from one of the vendor carts. Best rides were Iron man and having visited most of the other Disney parks they have a totally different take on the Haunted Mansion. As with all other Disney parks merchandise was very expensive. The parks is covered with free WiFi.
The Disneyland HK is little overrated, though there are few interesting rides  events activities, the full park was flooded with regional tourists & long delays made the fun fly away.
Admittedly it is no comparison to USA but it is a great day out. Usually there are no long queues to access rides. There is a great selection for the young and daring and great rides for younger visitors.
The title sums it up really ... we managed to do the whole park in a day (including going on all rides and watching both the daytime and evening parades (festival of lights ?).  Typical Disney atmosphere and loved it but it is very small.
Who doesn't like Disneyland? With great entertainments all around will never get us bored... What's more, a fireworks show and parade show at night is the most awaited moments for Disney fans!!!
We found this the worst Disney Park around the world. It's far too small, not at all immersive in some areas. The castle was very small too, it just didn't have the magic. On a bright note, it's easy to get too for a quick few hours.
Visited on a two day pass, experienced the majority of rides attractions over the two days. Huge site, stunning gardens and pristine facilities. Something for everyone. Catering to both locals and English speaking so some attractions were delivered in a combination of both languages which generally worked well. Cast members were polished performers and we enjoyed the performances were saw (Mickey   s Storybook Theatre, Moana & Halloween Street Party. Thoroughly enjoyed our time there.
I have been here twice and on both visits, it felt like I came back to my childhood years. I would love to go to the other branches of disneyland again!
Compared to DL in the USA, park is small. However, still had a great time.  Went on a mon wed, no lines in the park.  Very clean.  Staff very friendly.  Both parades were fun.
Our kids are now teenagers but we all still had a great day. If you have smaller kids I think it is tailored for them really well. A handful of good rides for adults makes it enjoyable. Don   t expect many thrill seeking rides here. The layout of the park and the themed detail that goes into the attraction is fantastic. A one day pass is all that is needed to get around to all the attractions. Only disappointment was the lack of food stalls and the lack of variety. Many stalls were closed. Kids had hotdogs which did not seem fresh. The 1.30pm parade was fantastic and a must see for all ages.
Great environment and excellent service. Awesome character dinner experience with photography session for children. Good food in Enchanted Garden. The hotel itself provides plenty of activities for children. One example is Tai Chi exercise with Master Goofy! Recommended to stay at least 2 days, 1 night to fully enjoy hotel amenities and also Disneyland park. Little Disney Princess Themed Package is a must for your little ones. Surprise is awaiting for you in your hotel room with all Disney decorations. Will come back soon to explore Disney Explorer Lodge!
My kids truly enjoyed Disneyland HK, only disappointed that Sleeping Beauty Castle was closed down due to renovation.As for us Muslims, we had options of Halal Food at The Explorers    Cafe and also a little prayer room located next to the cafe.My boys enjoyed the Ironman rides at Tomorrowland. Totally worth a visit, hope they can improve Free Wifi network..
Quintessential Disney. We were unsure of what to expect, but being Disney, how bad could it be? We have been to Orlando many many times and its been done to death. This park is much smaller and rides are similar, maybe with a different name, but similar to whats in Orlando. One big difference was Toy Story land, which reminded me of Hollywood Studios. These rides we hadn't seen before and they were super fun, even for an 11 and 13 year old. The lines in August were what you'd expect, most 45 minutes  if not more. We stayed at Disney property and were given what was basically fast passes for some of the rides. All of the rides didn't accept this pass, but the ones that did, we just went on the same 5 rides or so twice.
This is a must visit place for both young and old. You   ll definitely enjoy the rides, the shows and parades. It   s sad though that there are no more fireworks but I was able to witness it when I went here last 2009. Still, the place is fun for the family to go to.
Went on a Thursday and literally didn't have to wait for any rides. The only negatives are no Haunted House, Pirates of the Caribbean, Matterhorn :( Yet, air conditions was working in full force inside all of the attractions.
Love the parade and all the adventures   The trolley mine coaster was super fun  Had a good buffet at Mickey Mouse restaurant and it was awesome
If you are traveling by MTR, you will get to ride on the magic train but it is not as good as when it was new. If you travel by car, you will get to drive through the most beautiful road in Hong Kong. Either way they are just magical.
I thought this place was awesome.  A smaller less crowded version of the more well known Disney parks.  Shorter wait times for the rides, great food, entertaining electric light parade, its a small world ride.....easy ride from the mtr train....overall a great day for fun.
HK Disneyland visit is always a wonderful experience if you have kids. We had a nice time since we had half a day of free time during our stay. Luckily it was not crowded so getting into rides etc. was easy.
This is my second time here. Loved this place and the atmosphere. Too bad the Fantasyland was closed for renovation. Staff was extremely helpful. Toilets can be found everywhere. And it's clean. Merch were very expensive though.
Hugely expensive (  126.40 for one adult and one 14yo.) for what surely must be the smallest of Disney's park offerings. If you expect western style junk food, think again, this was worse. The rides were good. Queue discipline was at times bad with ignorant people shoving their kids past us and when their kids cried out that the adults couldn't get by to join them, we reluctantly let them through too. The fairytale castle, tiny as it is was behind hoardings as I guess they were working to add extra magic with the diggers that were there. Go to Ocean Park instead.
We went with our 2 year old and found HK Disneyland was great. We wished that we had booked a night at their hotel (despite it costing more than our hotel back in Sai Yin Pun). It would have meant that we could spend more time at Disneyland and get to stay for the fireworks at night. We went on a relatively quiet day, but the lines were still too long to bother getting photos with the characters that made random appearances throughout the day. Lines were good for the rides that were age appropriate for our 2 year old and we still managed to spend the whole day there, but not see everything. If we had another opportunity to go back, we would invest the few extra dollars to stay at the Disneyland hotel and therefore spend more time there. Cost is to be expected going to a theme park, and they had a lot of Chinese food available for lunch. Either that or expensive Mickey Mouse shaped waffles. The train that takes you to Disneyland from Sunny Bay was Disney themed and pretty cool. We actually went several years ago, not in March 2018, but was worth the belated review.
The park was not big, you can complete it in a day. Do bring an umbrella in case of rain during the rainy season. What really turns me off is the service at some of the cashier. They seems to want you to get out as soon as possible.
It was great trip. Stayed for 2 days in Disneyland Hollywood hotel .  All rooms are of same size. Rooms are good.  Disneyland is very good. Few areas were u see renovation. My kid loved it it was great fun
If you don't come with the expectations of a US Disney Park, you'll really enjoy it. We had a great time here, from the minute we got on the Disney Train, all the way till we left. It was really hot, and there is not much shelter, so you'll have to find respite in rides and shops. There are not that many rides here, and it's probably something you can do in 1 2 days at a leisurely pace, especially if it's not busy (there weren't any rides that had longer than 15 minutes wait when we went on a weekday).There are some unique features of this park  Mystic Manor, and some characters who we have never met before, like Cookie (friend of Duffy). Lilo is also here.The food here is expensive, and there is less variety than the US. No dedicated ice cream store, only one churro cart, etc..With little crowds, this was quite a good experience for us. The castle is small, but they're upgrading. Transport from the city is easy, and surprisingly quick, even when we left with all the others after the Paint the Night Parade.
A nice place to visit with the family especially if they are early teens or younger. We got a very good deal through Air Asia with 20% off which made it even better. It is better to buy the meal deal from the site as that is economical compared to buying it individually provided of course if you are going to use for both lunch and dinner. Only issue is if it rains or signs of inclement weather then a lot of rides are stopped which could spoil your day and crowding at all indoor rides
A good place for adult and children. Had a good fun time roaming around Disneyland and taking rides. To my muslim friends.... there is a halal foodcourt in the theme park. I advise to buy your tickets online and they might have a good  promotion.
Not as large at other Disneyland properties but still the happiest place on earth.  Be aware that many rides when standing in queue don't have shade so can be very hot.   Not so many rides for entertainment.
I have visited both the Walt Disney World and the Disneyland in Ca, this is a small one.  However, in the plus side, it's not as crowed and the admission is not as expensive as Walt Disney World and Disneyland in Ca.
Ok so my family and I have been to Disneyland in LA and Paris. This Disneyland is similar in style to the others. It is smaller with less thrilling rides. We went on a Monday off peak. Most rides had a five minutes queue. I will pull recommend this park for parents who hate rollercoasters, have young kids who want to go to Disneyland and can't go on rides on their own. The rides in this park is really mild but your kids will get all the experience of being in Disneyland. My daughter really really enjoyed it even though it wasn't as thrilling as the others.
A great attraction located not far from the city and accessible by mtr. The rides were good and not long ques. Even though it rained we had a great day.
It is my second time here. And was happy to know that they have new attractions since the last time I was here. Although a bit sad because the castle is under renovation and there are no fireworks display
This was my first Disneyland and it's fun. I am able to meet my favorite character, Donald Duck!! it is Magical :)
Over priced, overly busy, too few attractions, expensive food and drinks and just generally not worth the effort and attendance compared to alternative parks in Hong Kong!!
Took my 12 year old, she was really excited as we   d nevre been to a Disney land before. We were expecting to see the characters walking around for photos, greetings etc but there wasn   t any that we saw. You could queue up to meet them privately if you wanted. Think 12 was just too old. There were a few bigger rides that we went on that were very good,but not many. Long queues for everything and mostly family rides that very little kids could go on so not very thrilling. Very expensive day out. Took an hour to get there, went on 4 rides in 31 2 hours and left. Wouldn   t go back.
I came down here with my wife for our anniversary, we are in our mid 20's and we were very reluctant it being a place for the kids. However we loved it to the core and had fun for two days, got to become small kids and enjoyed all the rides. My favorite one was Hyperspace at the Starwars. My wife loved meeting all her childhood characters. Overall it was fun.
My family and I enjoyed the shows and shopping for souveniers. Just don't go there during rainy season 'cause it will spoil the fun. :)
I went there with my sisters. More things than I expected, the transportation is quite convenient. Not very busy when J was there so I didn   t need to queue so long. So sad, I got sick after a few ride but I was fine at the end. The waffle is very cute, you shouldn   t miss it.
If fun , exciting & adventure that you are looking for here is the place. The most exciting theme park I have ever been. Once u entered the main entrance u have automatically become a kid again. Even though it was raining it doesn't stop me from having fun. Superb! I will definitely come again.
This is a super fun day to spend a day.. very cool and fun ambiance... but if you have been to Disneyland in the US or Paris, then this does not compare well.. not many ride but the parade was fabulous!
Another tourist spot to visit for our educational tour, the    highlight one    for me. It was really fun!!
I'm so lucky that i have a friend who know where she is going or else i would not able to see most of the attraction. There are many ride that is very long line up, but the show that is long line up is worth the wait. amazing lion king show must see. Also if you planning to visit in the summer remember to purchase a rechargeable fan that you can walk around with.
We were lucky enough to catch Hong Kong Disneyland on a rainy August day, so it wasn't as hot or as crowded as I hear it gets. It's a small park and doesn't have a lot of rides but we enjoyed our day there. The most beautiful part was Adventure land which was large with amazing trees and landscaping. There are only 3 FastPass rides: Winnie the Pooh, Hyperspace Mountain, and IronMan. The Grizzly ride was probably our favorite. Definitely go early because most people seem to come around 2:00. And be warned that Toy Story land has no shade.
Happy place for kids and kids at heart. Me and my son enjoyed the disneyland park. Though the time when we visited there, the castle is under renovation.      But otherwise the whole experience was memorable.
Easily assemble by train, great Disney experience, by really small if you compare to Orlando.  Great 1 day visit, opens later than Ocean Park.. a must do for any Disney Fan!
Was a pretty good day. Actually half day. We got a few rides in and then it poured rain and started to storm. We were completely drenched but managed to have an alright day all the same. We got there early which was good to avoid some of the building crowd.
Because I don't have much time in Hong Kong, I visited Disneyland and Ngong Ping in 1 day. After noon, I went to visit Disneyland until it closed. But overall, I was quite satisfied even though only half a day playing rides there (and still get a little time to see the souvenir shops). Disney is definitely one of the must visiting places in HK.
I visited Disneyland Hong Kong with a friend. Seriously, this was beyond my expectation. I did not know I would have so much fun in here! I bought the ticket on traveloka, which was cheaper and also food included. Honestly, the food was a bit disappointing. but the rides..amazing! I don't have favorite, because I love all of them. The fireworks part was the best fireworks I have ever seen. If you are Muslim and need a place to prayer, there is an asian restaurant with a cozy Musholla and they will let you pray there even you don't buy food from them. I am so looking forward to visit Disneyland again.
As part of our trip to Hong Kong, Disneyland was definitely a must do. Having visited other Disneyland   s in the past, this one full filled some of our expectations, but not all.The arrival was easy, as well as entertaining. With special Disney MTR trains, a manicured Station, a grand sign leading up to the park, and a fountain with Mickey surfing above Moby Dick with all his friends watching.We walked straight to the gate queues having bought our tickets (from Klook) and printed them of as instructed. Unfortunately not everyone had done so, and there was chaos as people tried to find get their QR codes to work from their phones as they held up the every increasing line. The park opened at 10am, but no rides were open until 10.30. Even then not all. Sleeping Beauty   s Castle is under refurbishment, so can   t be seen properly or accessed. We rode and enjoyed The Iron Man experience which was a simulation ride, after getting fast passes for Space Mountain. The Jungle Cruise was ok, with queues for the 3 different languages. Don   t be fooled by the short English queue. After riding Space Mountain, we watched the Jedi Training. They catered well again for the different languages using them all. The kids were great.Unfortunately after that the heavens opened, and it poured with rain. There didn   t appear to be enough places for people to shelter, in regards to indoor rides or covered areas. Big puddles everywhere. However the silver lining was they did open Mystic Manor which was closed for the day.Overall not loads of rides, but lots of character meeting areas (with queues of course). Need to be a bit more organised?
The rides are great as Disney   s quality and It is not too crowded so there is no long wait time. However, cast members are below par. Anytime I asked for something, they either tell me to ask other guys or try to answer as quick as possible and walk away. When you are in the line and not pay attention enough, someone will pass you and cut you in front.
Third time in HK Disneyland. We had a two day ticket this time. The first day was there from 1000 2000, five items enjoyed. We wanted to watch Mickey and the wondrous book, for two sessions we missed the opportunity. The staff told us that if we wait there 45 minutes before the session, we can definitely get into the 1000 seats. So going there last minute doesn   t help.We have priority pass for Festive of the lion king, moreover unless you are there 30 min before, the pass will not be helpful.At heavy rain times, most rides continue, it might worth getting a rain coat and keep going.We had priority admission for the Iron Man experience, but it is expected to be 102cm for this.
I strongly advise people to take the 2 day pass if with kids. mostly all rides have long waiting hours even on weekdays. if you are staying at any of Disneys hotel you will also get a fast pass for every night so dont miss this opportunity
Hong Kong Disneyland it is fun. We went there without kids, but yet being an adult you will surely enjoy the experience. The negative side, the queuing and the excesive cost of food and drinks inside the park. However, worths the visit.
This theme park suits the kids very well. However, I was clueless as to why this park had a 2 days pass that sells. It can be completed well within 1 day as I feel that unless you will feel obligated to visit each n every attraction, there is no need to spend 2 days here. Otherwise, the place is beautiful, food is great, costly of course. The 4D effect in theatre experience of Iron Man was well created. But the post sunset fireworks were an absolute visual delight and you need to stay back till 7:30 pm to make your visit feel complete. Easy to commute to Disneyland by MTR: East Tsim Sha Tsui         Nam Cheong         Sunny Bay         Disneyland. Change lines at the above mentioned stations and you shud be in Disneyland in 40 mins from Tsim Sha Tsui.
August is a rainy season in Hk so prepare for umbrella or rain coat.Get adv online tickets  either printed out on paper or QR code on your phone. You can bet the line a little.The attraction is the same as elsewhere but some of the parks are under renovation. E.g. you can't get a good view of the Disney castles due to reno.The hourly shows are in Cantonese except folks songs in English.
I am barely qualified to gauge the quality of this or any other Disneyland: I don't have kids, and have not been to a Disney theme park since the 1980s. But Ladyfriend and I decided not long after we moved here to spend the weekend on Lantau, and so here we are. And to be frank, I enjoyed HK Disneyland. It's really small, as I am sure other reviewers have mentioned, which means that it's doable in two or three hours (maybe longer if you have kids?), and although it is missing (m)any of the thrill rides that other Disney properties feature (you'll have to go to Ocean Park for that...), it's a nice way to spend an afternoon.I'm not going to explain what Disneyland is. But I do have some tips.   Go on a weekday. I have never been on a weekend, but am sure it gets crowded. We didn't hit a single line on a Tuesday  They don't start serving booze until early evening. I don't know what my advice is on this front other than maybe  go later,  but I will say a propos of nothing that there is very little stopping one from hitting the 7 11 beforehand and bringing some roadies.  Lunch options are few, so same as above, although once you're in it's definitely not as expensive as other Disney parks in terms of food. There's a multinational, cafeteria style restaurant that is not great, but certainly gets the job done is doesn't break the bank.Note: I shouldn't have to even write this, but if you are visiting HK and looking for an  authentic  HK experience, do NOT go to Disneyland. Stick to the main island and to Kowloon, where there are a million awesome things to do and see. But if you have kids, or like rides, or need to check this Disney experience off of your bucket list, or have some sort of personal Disney thing such that you are all but mandated by your therapist or something to spend as much time as possible in the happiest place on earth, I won't try to dissuade you. Again, it's small enough that you can spend the morning doing actual HK stuff, and then spend the afternoon here, or vice versa. It's also pretty close to the action; if you're taking public, expect about a 90 minute ride from Central, but the nice thing is that Disneyland has a dedicated MTR line, complete with Mickey's head shaped windows and straps.Finally, here are the rides you want to go on, at least as an adult, as agreed upon by Ladyfriend and myself:1. Hyperspace Mountain (a very small scale Star Wars themed ride that piggy backs on the Space Mountain concept). It's less scary than an actual roller coaster, but there are some stomach drops. If I were big brothering a kid who was very frightened of roller coasters, I would make him go on this to build his confidence. There are a couple of cool SW tie ins as well.2. Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars. It's all there in the name, and it's a fun little ride.3. RC Racer. This is their version of the big, swinging pirate ship ride that many of us grew up with. Stomach drops galore.4. Toy Soldier Parachute Drop. Your bench seat is hoisted way up high (affording one of the best views all day), and then... you drop. 5. Iron Man Experience. This is a VR experience that is several notches above seeing an action film in 4DX. It's OK for adults, but I suspect elementary aged kids would love it.
have never thought would be going to disneyland. location away from the city which is good. nicec to have up to date attraction like iron man. beautiful fireworks at night
Our visit to Disneyland was a good one! The park itself is a smaller than The Disneyland's in Tokyo and California, but this a good thing. You don't have to walk as far to get where you are going. The lines or rides are much shorter than the other Disneylands I have been too. My only complaint is that it was so hot there that I sweated so much it made my shorts look as if I had wet myself. On that nite I would advise you all to visit there during the winter. The staff there was helpful at all times.
Not bad for my first Disneyland experience. I stayed until night to watch the parades and light shows. Had so much fun!  P.S. Don't forget to collect stickers from the crew members! :)
Hong Kong Disney was great fun. We love returning to the Magic when and where ever we can. The rides for big kids were awesome. Well worth the long lines in the hot weather. The micky pancakes are yummy, the shopping areas are a great place to cool down in between rides and the photos with the characters are brilliant. Even our teenagers couldn   t resist the snugs from Pluto.
Great place to visit for one or two entire days. Take water from home, drinks are really expensive inside the Park.
Really nice theme park, with short waiting times. The ride I would recommend the most, is the phantom manor, which is unique to Hong Kong Disneyland.
I loved this Disney because it is not too big and can be visited in one day. The night parade was cancelled at the 11th hour due to thunderstorm which was a shame. The ticket prices were reasonably priced but food, drinks and balloons etc were extortionate prices. A balloon was $150 which I thought was ridiculous. Queues were reasonable for rides. The most we queued was 40 minutes for the rollercoaster. All others were under 30 minutes. Using the app was helpful to see queue times.
What a great place to be with family and friends!  Lovey shows and in the end there was a firework show to end the day.
We visited the place on Wednesday to avoid the crowd, but unfortunately it was over crowded. We managed to play few rides but the queue was very long for most of the rides. The lion king show was excellent. The whole area is small and the tickets are overpriced.
this was a very special day for me . I wan to visit Disneyland since I am a children and now I got to go finally for my 21 birthday present from my family :)I visited with my cousin and our one friend, we all enjoy very much. Thank y.
We had a great time there, it was pretty pricey buy hey! It   s Disneyland! Loved their bakery goodies, corn. Popcorn and Minnie waffles We liked the fact that we did not have to pay extra for fast pass all we had to do was to put our ticket in and it gave us the times for our fast pass. That was awesome! The heat was killing us though!
Best place ever. Full of so many thinks to do. A full day is exhausting and so many things to do and see. The food is expensive there and very average. Ride attendants polite and smile. Need much more English speaking staff. Very clean. Transport system is fantastic. It's a must see on your holiday itinerary!
Visited this place a few times and the most recent one, we managed to catch the iron man which is one of the newer attractions to the park. The place holds special meaning to us and each time we returned back, the feelings are always very special. Very nice place to visit.
My 9 year old girl was all so excited. Never saw her this happy. The roller coasters, especially grizzly gulch was exhilarating and kids enjoyed it as much as adults.Fantasyland is a must do for young kids. The parade especially the one in the night  paint the night  is amazingly beautiful and one of a kind experience for kids.
The place is nice and clean, but small. It is the smallest Disneyland I have been. The place it is perfect for little kids. Monday it is the best day to go, we didn't have to wait to use the rides.
You'll need stamina and patience but this is a good place to spend 10  hours with your kids, there are plenty of great attractions and everything is don't to a high quality. however like all Disneylands, wait times can be long   especially to meet get photo with characters... allow at least 30 min per character so get your kids to choose carefully otherwise you'll pay a fortune to spend the day getting a few photos. Best Things:1. Rides and attractions are great, as are shows like Lion King. 2. Everything is clean and well maintained.3. Its so easy to get to and from with the MTR (train) or taxisWorst Things:1. Food is very expensive and wait times can be very long (eg 30  minutes for McDonalds!) for pretty basic fare. 2. Wait times for photos with Disney characters are very long, some active 'people management' should be employed to make it 15 seconds per photo opportunity then move on! 3. Guest Relations are almost useless   dont expect help or understanding from them and they don't care if your kids are howling and your are distressed.
We stayed at their hotel for a night. We were already expecting that we would be needing at least a day to fully enjoy the place. As expected. Disneyland did not disappoint us. The park is beautifully decorated. The rides and entertainment are amazing. We went there on December and it wasn't even cold. So don't wear heavy clothes. I almost fainted of heat. Good thing I brought an extra blouse. They have great restaurants around. We tried this Chinese Restaurant that offers very big bowl of noodle soup. It's good for 2 persons I guess. But we ordered one each. So we did not finish it. The rides are just very... cute. Really for kids. No life threatening rides which some people enjoy. But all in all, it's a great stay. Even the hotel did not disappoint. They sell Disney merchandise which are great souvenirs.
I went to HK Disneyland from Wanchai on a rainy Friday afternoon. It was easy to get to on the MTR. The park was not too crowded and lines were fairly short. For some reason the Jungle Cruise line was longer than any other I waited for! Lucky for me they had a line for English speaking and the    river guide    spoke in clear English. Which is more than could be said for the train conductor whose English was indistinguishable from her Chinese. The castle was under construction but I was informed of that before I paid. I had a wonderful afternoon and four hours was plenty.
This Disneyland is the smallest one compare with all others over the different parts of the world. However, it's amazing for Hong Kong, such a small place, to has a Disneyland. It's fun if you have not been any other Disneyland before. Don't expect too much and don't try to compare this one with others over different side of the world. I may say all the Disneyland theme parks are about the same, just different sizes and one have more rides than the other.
Hong Kong Disney is super fun, it   s one of the smaller Disneyland   s which means you could easily do it in one day. Be sure to go on the Ironman ride it   s excellent and the haunted Mansion. A great fun day I recommend Hong Kong Disneyland.
Having a friend coming back to HK from the UK, we picked a day to visit the HK Disneyland. The theme park is always offering visitors a joyful atmosphere, making them feel like being in a magical fairyland. Staff here were passionate with their job, offering memorable experiences for travelers. However, the refurbishment of the Castle as well as the abandonment of the Buzz and Lightyear game made the visit a little repentant. Still, we had a great day here.
Small and dated. Poor facilities. Young children will enjoy the place. The food is very expensive...
I always love to visit this place at anytime and repeatedly watched shows and the fireworks display at end.  Each time I have friends or family visiting hk, Disneyland not to be missed
It   s Disney, so mostly you will know what to expect.  But if you have been to Florida you should know that this park doesn   t have the same flawless finish, the attention to detail is a little lacking (you may see people emptying bins etc, things...More
Very nice place..not too big..not too small    once you reach, rmb to go get the fast past for space mountain   ironman   winnie the pooh, then only walk around and see which is the shortest line and start your day    download the...More
It Must to be visited and we got 2 days tickets to cover all of the zones as price was good almost 20% off , although weather was indeed very humid but we had a lot of fun , make sure you get the booklet...More
Having read some of the reviews that it was small and over rated, we went and found it was better than expected.  We went on Monday, during the height of the August summer holidays. It rained slightly in the morning but it didn   t deter the...More
This place is very good for familiy. Worthed. Many attractions and shows, for kids until adults. Slow until fast. Excellent shows is mickey and the parade at night. Must see Disneyland.
Was a nice day and  lovely touch of Disney, but not near the wow factor as the original. We spent the full day while we had a 12 hour stop over between flights.  We arrived just on opening via the Disney train which is a...More
This is by far a fun version (short lines) of LA Disneyland. The parades are not as spectacular, but the wait time fofor the rides is approx. 15 mins. I was shocked at how fast everything was, and English is spoken on the rides unlike...More
It`s a dream comes true to me at my age i still dreaming of disneyland trip and it was a great adventure for me. The place is wonderful and very intertaining especially if you have your kids with you. The place is huge but if...More
Definitely not the best Disneyland Park. Disappointed with the size of the castle as well as with most attractions (definitely for very young children). Not much of a Disney magic in the parc, it doesn   t feel like Disney at all.
Been in Hong kong Disneyland twice. It is a smaller version of the Eurododney and the original Disneyland in the US.The Hong kong Disneyland specializes in shows which is a fantastic add on to the park usual stuff. I found this place very enjoyable and much better for the parents because you can catch up almost everything in less than a day. Very recommend!!
By far the smallest Disney. Easy enough to get most done in 1 day. Went during week so not so many kids. Has all the classic Disney features but on a smaller scale.
Travelled earlier this year in April.Very smooth getting to Hong Kong Disney by the MTR. Traveling with 3 young kids was fairly easy and smooth.Having visited most of the Disney parks we had quite high expectations for this park, and they were met. As soon as you board the Disney train from sunny bay station you can see and feel that there was no expenses spared. We visited on a Saturday and it was busy but not overcrowded.At the time not all the rides open and there were a few parts under construction or renovation including the main castle.Average wait time for the characters was about 1hr. Average queue time for kids rides was about 30mins.We opted for the 3 in 1 meal pass which worked out best for us.Our lunch meal was at royal banquet hall which was surprisingly very good, considering it was theme park food. And dinner was at Clopin's Festival of Foods, and this was amazing! Coming from Stockholm, I have to admit that the food we got from this restaurant was better than anything I   ve had in sweden. (Please check pics)Whether you visit Hong Kong disney with kids or not it is worth a visit! Who doesn   t like a day at a theme park?
Attraction are not a lot.   Klook is a cheapest way to buy a ticket but recommend to not buy a value meal and reason is in a photo i share.  About popcorn is not good cooked.
Disneyland Hong Kong was beautiful! My husband and I spent a day there and thoroughly enjoyed it. The center of the park was having renovations done which was disappointing but all the other attractions were up and running. The park was well organised, clean, easy to navigate and if you get there early you beat the lines and the heat.
Tip buy the discounted ticket on Klook. We spent less than a day at the park, and had plenty of time to do everything. Most of the lines were not long. Be aware that the food options are expensive, and not so good, and there is lots of walking to get to the park.
We found that even in the wet, Disney was fun. There was enough shelter in most places that you didn't get soaked but I would bring a brolly. We didn't do any shows (not the thing for Mr 4.5) but he loved the Paint the Night Parade. If you can take a break in the afternoon (when its very hot) and come back in the early evening, I would   otherwise its a very long day for little ones. MTR is very convenient.
Our 1st ever experience at a disney land resort. It was lovely. Like the rest of Hong Kong You Gotta Be Prepated To Walk Walk Walk. Extremely unusual rides. Fun Characters. Dont let the rain put you off.The toy shops are wow Even adults were buying stuff lol.Only downside is no muslim prayer room but there is 1 stand near the entrance selling halaal food.Try the caramel popcorn. Too tasty and the smell is divine.
Definitely the smallest of all the Disney theme parks world wide, but it stores a really strong punch of Disney Magic! I visited during the 13th anniversary of the theme park. They are going through major renovations in 2018 and are slated to build a brand new castle! Perhaps by 2021 it will be completed! I've been to all the Disney theme parks and I must say this definitely takes the Chinese culture and melds it in with the traditional Disney experience. They offer grilled squid as a snack! Toy Story Land is a definitely Must See... YOU MUST go on the Mystic Manor ride! It's so much fun and offers a different vision of the Haunted Mansion ride! Another ride you must do is the Iron Man Experience which is similar to Disneyland's Star Tour's ride, except it takes you to Stark Expo where Hydra starts causing mayhem and Tony Stark saves the day! Definitely a totally different ride from anywhere else and totally worth the wait! I'd also suggest staying here if you have the chance! The hotel's Disney Dim Sum is too cute to miss out!
Quite expensive for not so much to see and do. Rides overcrouded with waiting times of an hour or more. If your first time it might be okey but not for a second visit.
we when in August and it was Monday and still a lot of people.we did it for the kids but the weather is really hot and humidity is like 80% plus. they do the big pride at the end just before they close and imagine every one going home at the same time.
After buying tickets via trip advisor to find that we had to go on a defined day, we went on the day when there was a typhoon warning so the vast majority of the attractions were not open   in fact all of the outside attractions!! We had a lovely very day but sooo disappointed that the sun was out but so few rides were available
I've been to HK Disneyland for more than 10 times and I would say this first ever Pixar Water Play Street Party is one of my favourite. First reason is I'm specially fond of Mr Incredible and his family and Frozone. They're just too cute! Another reason is the chance to get wet and cool down during the summer. Who doesn't love the idea of water   dance   party under the sun? LOL. I believe this is a special for summer only. Hope to go again before it ends.Ah btw, they also added Zootopia meet & greet. Another must do!
Have been to other Disneyland and sea, this is definitely one of the worst that we have encountered. Yes, some of the staff is friendly and helpful. Well, we did met a quite a handful staff with typical arrogant attitude that we faced in explorer hotel. Not sure if the staff was train to put on such arrogant attitude or what, if this is the case, then good job Disneyland HongKong, you have pissed off and turned off 1 of the many tourist.Will never ever visit this horrible place again.
The park has some unique attractions that are not in other Disney parks. The staff is rude and never smile. There's not fireworks show.  The parade and the mapping at night is amazing.  The Iron Man atraction is great.
So many things were missing from this park. The castle is so small it is embarrassing and I did not find the American experience translated well. Food prices are obscene   $5 for a bottle of water   so bring your own water if nothing else. There are water fountains but the water is burning hot   really   and I was hesitant to drink it. Mystic Point was a great addition to the park as was Hyperspace Mountain. Strange hours   opening at 10 and closing at 9pm. Also, the train stopped at 6pm which was super disappointing! Why?? Really overall it seemed like a money grab and while the day was enjoyable, as someone in our party (who is a HUGE Disney fan) commented, the place  Is missing the magic . And I agree. Not a bad amusement park   the rides were fun   but the prices... .OUCH! Easy to get to though and the train there is fantastic. Also, a very nice train station at the park so that I highly recommend.
What a wonderful day at Disney Land!! This was our first Disney Park and WOW!! We had such a great time with all the rides, the themes of the different parks, the food, the personalised waffles and Jelly in the shape of Mickey Mouse, all the small and big details are just WOW! The different shows are a must see so check the schedules. The parade at night is so amazing and beautiful. The down side when we visited was that the castle was under construction so didn't have that show and get to see the castle or all the princess but what a wonderful day. I would recommend using the MTR and Disney Train for an additional experience instead of the bus..You have to do more than 1 day in order to see all the areas or experience the rides, its a long long day and the parks are expensive so make sure you budget for it but its definitely a must to do and see! We will definitely be back soon :D
My daughter had so much fun here. Everyone with kids need to bring your kids here. they will enjoy it!
My family went there last June 2018 for my 7 year old daughter's birthday. My baby girl enjoyed so much. She was wearing a Belle costume and they gave us VIP pass for the parade. One day is not enough to enjoy all the attractions. We want to come back again.
We watched the simba show, lovely ..... cartoon drawing session was another fun activity.   Children will love it .... you will need a day to cover it.
We visited for our 5 years old birthday, the queues were very long,we benefited from 3 priority pass for 3 d shows, the Mickey magic was one of the best I   ve seen. The parade was also very nice. Tried the train which stoped us after 2 minutes and told us they were closing for technical reasons which was annoying as we had to go back to the entrance to pick up the child cart we left to enter the ride. Not many rides for our son , in fact not many rides in the park we were expecting slightly more. The prices for food obviously high, water included. We had a 2 day pass for the park so we managed to get some pictures with the characters but there are long queues for that as well.
getting there is so simple with the train, & for seniors the price to go to Disneyland is terrific..a cheap day out!
This Disney Park is smaller than the others around the world, but it   s still a lot of fun! Best food I   ve ever eaten in a theme park too!
Had a great time in Disney land HK. The kids and teens loved the Star Wars roller coaster. Lots of walking, wear comfy shoes! Easy to get there by MTR.
This place is awesome... One day is not enough to go around...yeah this is the happiest place on earth even your old you feel the happiness inside your heart... And the best part my kids really enjoyed this place...
If you are debating between Hong Kong Disney and Ocean Park   Disney wins with no doubt. If you have time to do both   they are both worth it.A few tips that can Help:1. Arrive at 10 when gates open   Best to avoid crouds2. Mickey and the wondrous book is a popular show. We wanted to go on the last show (1630)   arrived at 1615 and it was full with no recovery. Arrived early or don't leave to last3. We enjoyed a full day 10 20 but there really isn't a need for a 2 day ticket. It's a small park in comparison to the Orlando parks.4. Fast pass are available only on whine the poo, Space mountin and iron man. You just scan your ticket and the machine prints out the time for you to ReturnIt was great fun even though it rained in the afternoon
Definitely kids will enjoy to the core but this adults also can rock on for 1 full day. For catching the parade and other Theatre shows just keep an eye on the timing and venue in the app.. 1 full day is required to cover all 7 segments ...
We, my companion and I, he was 72 at the time did a couple of rides, we stood in line for hours but laughed like kids. It was very humid though.
Although being the smallest of the Disney Parks, the attention to detail and great customer service is at the top of the list. The waiting period in line for the major attractions weren't to long. The atmosphere and layout of the resort are well thought out. The only downside was that their were not that many thrill rides in the park.
Do not use a Travel Package as it is much quicker and easier to use the Mass rapid train system. It goes at far more regular times and you will not be stuck out there for too long. Go early in the day for opening time and have a big breakfast before hand. Take some water as on site prices are very high.Rides where a good highlight and the 3D effects in main theatre where fabulous.Some attractions closed for updates.
I visited in 1st week of may.  The rides and shows are just great. I loved the Disney night parade the most.  Kids enjoyed thoroughly
The place is filled with amazing rides and playing options for kids.  You could spend a full day here and not get bored. There is ample options to choose from.  Buy express entry tickets so that you can save time and not wait in queue.
One of my favorite spot when in Hongkong  Iove the ambiance , full of kids and for sstar wars fans :)
Went here with my whole family (17 of us), we took MTR to reach this place, stop in Sunny Bay station and change the train to Disneyland Resort (special white train with mickey windows and disney figurine inside the train). the weather was good when we get there but then there was a lil rain but we enjoyed it, we bought disney raincoat from the store nearby then continue our adventure. Favorite ride   Big Grizzly Mountain (3 times with my bro!). We had lunch at Starliner dinner (good food, affordable price). We spent a full day here and it was so much fun!
We took the bus from Shenzhen to get there (give yourself time   the trip can take a while). We were there in December, so the crowds weren't too bad. Best rides to go on: Hyperspace Mountain (like Space Mountain in the US, but Star Wars themed), Mystic Manor (the Hong Kong answer to the Haunted Mansion), and Big Grizzly Mountain   truly the best surprise of the three! One pet peeve: as a US citizen there, I was sad that all the popcorn was sweet rather than salty. I would've loved some butter and salt popcorn while I was there.
An amazing Disneyland to visit and great experience for all ages. So many fun rides and activities. You can see the whole park easily in 1 day. We spent about 5 hrs there. Try the Mickey Mouse waffles on Main street!
My beautiful wife and family visited this disney park to have our late teen kids enjoy the experience. Previously l have been lucky enough to visit most other Disney theme parks.Gotta say l was totally underwhelmed and disappointed at what was on offer.lf it wasn't for space mountain I'm sure my kids were too.Without key attractions found in other parks it was just very flat and ordinary.Probably give this a miss as this is not a true indicator of the full Disney experience.Disappointing..
I knew this park was small. I had low expectations...   It's not as good as Disneyland Anaheim CA, but I did like it more than Euro Disney.  We spent a full day here. I hope I'll be able to visit again!
It's nice as a theme park, there're quite a lot of rides (tho not all of them are so thrilling), the shows are also fabulous. However, there were WAY TOO MANY PEOPLE! Some sort of crowd control should be exercised!
Having traveled to all the Disney parks in the world, I would have to say this was the smallest. The castle (which is supposed to be removed soon) was actually smaller than the original park in Anaheim CA. Toy Story land was pretty cool but that's all it really had going for it. Favorite ride   Mystic Manor (their version of Haunted Mansion). You can absolutely do this park in 1 day (especially in the fall).
A small version of Orlando with subtle Asian influences that are necessary,  balanced, subtle, and work well with a mostly American theme park experience.
Disneyland really grew ever since we came last time, which was before Moana. It's fantastic! Unfortunately we never came in August and it was really really REALLY HOT so we could only stay for like 3 hours since our daughter is still small, but still, lots of laughter, lots of excitement!
A must visit place if you are in Hong Kong. It   s a lovely place with a great experience. A heaven for small children in simple words .
Disneyland is such a beautiful place that one needs to visit once in HongKong. Enjoy the rides especialy the grease train, what an experience.
Perhaps it was my timing but HK Disneyland was missing something this time around. Lots of new and current characters abound but the land area hasn't increased to accommodate the extra additions. Many of the old favorites were missing this time   or perhaps they are no longer there! There does not appear to be any  Crowd control  they just kept arriving and being allowed entry   surely there is, or should be, a maximum limit! The most famous structure, well, Disney one that it, is the Castle. Once you could walk thru, into or around but not on my day. The lower 40% or so was covered up. A pic of the upper portion was still quite good and would give the littlies a thrill. Refreshments etc quite fairly priced.
I   m not one for Disney theme parks, and the price seems a bit high in my opinion, but if you   re in the area with kids, it   s perfectly respectable amusement park with a decent bit of rides, especially for the younger set. If you   re in East Asia and can   t make it to the bigger parks, this is a perfectly acceptable alternative.
Nice parade show, nice ride, but you will need to wait for at least 40 minutes until you can get single ride. Need to spare the whole day for this place. Anyway, its place for both adult and children to visit.
Easy to get to using the MTR, great for little ones obviously.   If you   re looking for some thrills. There   s only 3 real    big rides   .   The castle was smaller than we expected and you can get round the park and everything in a day.
My family had a one week visit to Hong Kong (from USA), and decided to spend a full day at Hong Kong Disneyland. This was a great place for kids of all ages. It had fun rides and very entertaining shows. We have also been to Disneyland in California and Disney World in Florida, but the Disneyland in Hong Kong contains various experiences that are wonderfully unique to visitors of Hong Kong.
A good theme park..unfortunately it rained very heavily when we were there. We were all wet inspite having purchased their raincoat cos there were lots of open areas.... Nevertheless it was a good experience.
Buy the ticket from one of the travel agent in Jakarta that give us 10% discount. It's really helpful to cut the queue time on the main entrance.Has been excited since the our journey from thung chung MTR station to sunny bay. From sunny bay there's a special MTR with the mickey and minnie mouse had window.We spend the whole day in there from it's open until closing. Most of the rides will makes us queue for about 15 20 minute, but still makes us happy. To bad we only had 2 chance to take a photo shot with disney figures since we didn't notice the scheduleThe area completed with a moslem prayer room which very clean but no equipped with the praying clothes, so we have to prepared it by ourselves.We really enjoy a 2 times parade, it's very entertain and also enjoy the closing fire work which very famous and spectacular.It's really a best place to visit ever, never to old to go to Disneyland
Unfortunately the castle area was closed for construction however We were lucky enough to get in free via uncle working at Disneyland so I   m not sure about cost wise. We did however enjoy the food the atmosphere turning 23 celebrating here was still a dream as usual for all theme parks go early so you have enough time to enjoy everything. But not too early as the night show at Disney land is even better than the shows during the day. The lion king performance is a 20 10!!! Amazing oh and fried chicken and the sausage rolls have my heart! Definitely visit this magical place
Hong Kong Disneyland is amazing! The best Disneyland I have been to! It isn   t that big and the lines for the rides aren   t that long. I was there for 5 hours, we did 7 rides and met 2 characters. It was however week day so it was quieter! Weekend might be abit more busy. The rides are excellent! Definitely recommend a day at Hong king dinsey. Oh and the parades are amazing too!
Hong Kong disney not the biggest but would you miss it if you went to Hong Kong I wouldn't, this time it was still school holidays and there were heaps of people but the biggest wait for a ride we had was 5 minutes the biggest we saw was 20 for space mountain make sure you have a hat to keep the sun off although there is plenty of shade around. We spent around 7 hours there just couldn't hang out until the light show but the parade during the day was fantastic so don't miss it we went on rides and watched both a 3 D film show and a stage show that were both great and gave us a bit of a break out of the heat seating down in the air conditioned theatres on top of that there there are plenty of drink and food outlets scattered around the park together with your Disney souvenirs and they are not that expensive compared to what your use to paying in Australia.
Already been to Disneyland 5 times and it's always a nice day in family. This last time we've stayed at one of the three hotels in their resort and it was really fun.We stayed in Disney's Hollywood Hotel and their restaurant with buffet for dinner was amazing.
A pure vegetarian restaurant located (in Tsim Tsa Tsui) ... serving North & South Indian dishes.  Definitely, the best Indian restaurant in Hong Kong.   Stayed at HK for 5 nights and visited Sangeetha daily for dinner.  Would recommend for authentic South Indian cuisines in HK.
Went to visit this HK Disneyland.  Very small park compared with Eurodisney, parked was packed (we went on a tuesday) and as any disneyland, had to queue up for 45mins average for playing.  There were no  pirates of the caribean  nor  peter pan  attraction.
This was my first disney land and I liked it a lot as I got immersed in it pretty well. they dont break character anywhere and that is what I liked the most.
Smaller version of Disney but equally good. Teenagers had a great day.  who doesn   t love a day a Disney!
This is a smaller disneyland which doesn't have all the draw cards of the larger resorts like tokyo or USA. The cost is expensive for what's here priced at $124 new zealand. Due to the heat it would be better to visit from 2pm until closing as this would give you time to enjoy the park and see the parades. Do take your own food and drink as food here is expensive. The waiting time for most rides can be up to an hour but you might get lucky. Get a fast past to avoid the lines. Take the orange train line to get there and change for the Disney line at sunny bay as shown on the map.
Although it was scorching hot when we visited, we enjoyed our visit. It is a lot smaller than Disneyland Anaheim and they close super early! But, who doesn't like Disneyland?
Smallest Disneyland, I finish walking the whole place in 30min. Strongly recommend not to even spend time here.  Service also very bad!
I know that most people are busy now with their lives but I suggest to live life while working.... This is a dream come true for me .... Being able to visit Disneyland with my 14 yr old daughter is a gift from GOD.... I am saying this because if God did not help me to find a job I will not be able to purchase tickets and I will not be able to afford Hongkong in general :) visit places and have fun while we can since it is difficult to travel if we are old already...imagine long lay overs that old bodies cant take so live life guys :) it was really fun.... will be sharing my DIY itinerary and the attractions that should not be missed to maximize your adventure while in there :)
Very Modern and Good. Very Nice Rides for all ages. More active and good. Don't Miss it. One of the Best Disneyland
Managed to go there and being my first Disney land experience I can say it was terrific. All the usual rides and attractions but the Iron man and Mystic Manor rides were the best. The star wars one was pretty good too. All in all a great place to go if you want to spend a day having fun.
This Disneyland is not as big as the one in Paris but really lovely and convenient with the MTR. From Hong Kong station the fastest way will be to take Tung Chung Line then at sunny bay station change for the Disneyland line ( a really beautiful tram )
It's so nice HK has specific station that would take you to Disneyland. So hassle free and easy. We arrived there at 11AM. Tip: buy tickets in advance at klook or kkday as it will save your time queueing. Be there weekdays as tourists flock during weekends. We were so happy the weather was so good! Initially we checked the weather one week before and it states that thunderstorms will occur but it turned out sunny! We were able to enjoy almost all the rides, almost but not all. There are still some live shows but I am not really a fan of it. For me, one day is enough as HK's disney is smaller compared to HK Shanghai and Paris, accordingly. If you're visiting during summer, bring gear up comfortable outfits as it is really hot, and wear rubber shoes as it really involves a lot of walking.
When we visited the castle was under construction but it certainly didn't take away the Disney magic. It was an amazing sight seeing the park contrasted against the green mountains. There are loads of rides and shows to fill 1 2 days. However there aren't very many shops in main street USA. Still enough to get your Disney goods.Toy story land was roughly the same size as Paris. Their 'big thunder mountain' ride was a high lite. One of the best rides I have ever been on in Disney park. We all came off in fits of laughter and were so unprepared for all the twists and surprises.We could see there were more marvel rides being built so the park is expanding.There aren't as many restaurants as the other parks however there is a fair amount of variety. The food isnt massively catered towards western culture however you can still get burgers, fried chicken ect.Being a huge Disney fan I absolutely loved the park and would love to go back once the new castle has been built.
This place is just oh so adorable! The visitors make it just as cute with all of the Mickey and Minnie paraphernalia. It's one to tick off your bucket list, although I am sure the ones in USA and Paris are better. Still, do it I smiled so much here.
We had a great time at Disneyland Hong Kong. Wait times are not as long as other Disney parks its smaller also. The food is not the greatest, but there is a place that does fried chicken that was real nice and a must try the Lotso ice cream YUM!
A very lovely, a very, very, hot Disney visit! Had a great day here. Firstly, it is so easy to get to from either Hing Kong Centre or Kowloon, taking the MTR. Got here upon opening and were able to get in a number of rides with minimal wait times. The park has many familiarities of the US sites, similar    lands    so it   s very easy to navigate, although The Hing Kong park seems smaller and more walkable. Rides my kid loved: Space Mountain (a different name), the Toy Story Hot Wheels ride was awesome, and of course we rode the Grizzly Mine Cars about three times. Food: prices approximate to other parks. If it is warm out, bring as much water as you can. If you only want Western food there are some spots to get this. Overall, I would go again. I was thrilled by wait times, but maybe this was just luck. There were a number of characters we didn   t recognize because they are popular with Disney Japan, but this had no impact on us. The castle was very small and undergoing renovations so it   s too bad we missed that. Parade was great. Check for weather, bring water, enjoy!
Our first visit to Disney, much smaller than we expected (compared to Universal and many others)The grizzly mine cars was good experience. Also, kids loved the mystic manor, hyperspace mountain, iron man experience, parachute drop and a couple of shows. Others were mostly routine stuff.Easy to navigate (though a bit hot   in June)Staff were very friendly , everything was well organised. The place is well maintained. Lot of greenery.As expected, food is costly (outside food is not allowed, bags are checked at the entrance).Wifi (free) is not very good, didn't find their app very useful.The night parade was fantastic and worth the wait.We took a two day pass (is only marginally more expensive than one day ticket)Better to go early (and of course avoid holidays and weekends). Still you might find some school trips which will add to the waiting time.Can be easily accessed by MTR, but we preferred to stay in the nearby Disney hotel (regular free shuttle buses are available)
Got a two day pass this time so my daughter would have a grand time in the park. I expected that the queues would be very long to every ride and every photo op with the characters. It was indeed. We enjoyed the parades the most. Anyway, on the second day, when i hit the star wars shop, I lost my wallet. I was so pissed when i was told that there was no CCTV in the shop. I couldn't just believe it. But since I don't want our days ruined, I asked help from the outside and still continued the journey until we got rescued by a friend of friend who lent us money for train fare and food. At 4PM though, I got an email from Disney that said that it could be my wallet that has been recovered so I ran to the lost and found area, left my daughter who was on queue to Cinderella Op to two nice local girls and voila, recovered my wallet which was intact by the way. With the many beautiful things that happened in between, someone unknown lent us money, two girls promised to take photos of my daughter with Cinderella in case I don't come back right away, a lady gave me discount coupons for items I want to buy and so on...I paid back good deeds by paying their items and food. The wallet that was returned was so unexpected! For me, that was magical.So there, Disneyland Hongkong is among the happiest place on Earth and is magical.
Cool MTR train to Disney. Check Klook app for cheaper tickets. Download the Disney Hong Kong app to your phone and have it handy before arriving at the theme park. Sunday visit   Security bag check started around 9am. Entry into the theme park around 9:30am. Only stores on Main Street were open between 9:30am to 10:00am. Rides in Fantasyland opened at 10:00am. Tomorrowland and Grizzly Gulch opened close to 10:30am.Only three fast pass options available   (1) Winnie the Pooh ride; (2) Hyperspace Mountain; and (3) Ironman Experience.Must see do   (1) Lion King show (though my daughter says it   s not much different from the Orlando Animal Kingdom version); (2) Mystic Manor (specific to HK Disney); (3) Hyperspace Mountain Big Grizzly Mine Cart Ironman Experience (Stan Lee cameo in video) and (4) Disney Main Street 8:30pm activity.Grizzly Mine Cart was closed by 7:15pm?!?My favorite restaurant   The Explorer   s Club restaurant for its Hainan Chicken Rice. Food is expensive! Approximately $20 per person per meal. Ice cream in freshly made waffle cones for 40HKD (45HKD for a double scoop) hit the spot after the Small World ride. Cash only (1HKD:1RMB).The castle was surprisingly really small and is currently undergoing construction. Only one day needed for Disney Hong Kong. My daughter prefers Disney Hong Kong over Disney Shanghai because there were less people shoving. She said the rides were better in Shanghai,...
Lovely place awesome world of cartoon world visiting second time here love coming here suberb rides
While smaller than other Disneyland resorts, it HK Disneyland still has that same Disneyland feeling and many of your favourite rides. Queues are normally much shorter than the other Disneyland resorts (if you steer clear of China HK school holidays). Good for 2 days if your first visit or 1 day for    old times sake   .
Definitely worth visiting early before the large crowds start,the Iron Man ride was great,Tomorrowland a highlight. We did all the rides except the Adventure island and Tarzan's House and haad a full and enjoyable day.
This was my first time at a Disney park and even though this park is midway through a transformation, it   s worth going for the fantastic rides such as Mystic Manor, one of the best dark rides I   ve ever experienced, truly a sight to behold. Other great rides include Big Grizzly Mountain, RC Racer and Iron Man Experience. Can   t wait to go back when the new castle is complete and more rides are added!
From getting on the Disney line the trains windows are shaped like mickey mouse and you know the magic begins.I instantly felt like a child again upon arrival. Great store to buy great gifts for people at home. Not the best thrill rides but a great experience.
Visited with friends and only planned to stay a couple of hours but spent the whole day Took the train which was cute and had the best day on the rides early to beat the ques. Only small Disneyland perfect for young families. Loved it.
We only went to Disneyland to buy our Grandkids some Disney Stuff , We got the day tour with pick up from hotel and drop off at night we started about 10 am and got back to the hotel about 11.30 pm as we were the last drop off  the bus left disneyland at 9.45 pm   so it was a big day out. We went on nearly all the rides even MR SLINKY which is a kiddies ride haha and saw two of the shows we even went on one of the rides twice . The final parade was pretty good but i dont think i could have gone a second day as there is just not enough to do
Its not only suitable for kids but most of the teenagers like me were having fun too. The ticket price is so worth it..
A must place to visit for Disney lover.. But when visit in July please wear your sunglasses, hat, bring your umbrella and sunblock.. It do really super hot day.. And wear your comfort shoes..
Nice place to hang out with kids..though kids below 12yrs will have max fun..overall a fun place..we did this in two days
May be one of the smaller Disneyland   s, but it   s really clean and well put together. A few of the better rides were closed when we visited so make sure you double check online before you go.
i thought i will not enjoy there but actually i enjoyed a lot, well organized, perfect shows, and don't miss lion king show
My 4 year old had fun here but the long lines were a little too much for him. There is a lot to do here. When you factor in the lines, I don   t think anyone can go through the whole park in one day. We saw maybe a third of it. We were at Disneyland for about 6 hours.The food here is highly overpriced. The shops were crowded, but nice for AC. The bathrooms were a bit dirty. The toilets are on the ground (which is good for boys).There were a lot of rude tourists (adults and kids) who appear to be in a rush and were pushing a lot.Overall, it was worth visiting once. I may or may not go back when my son is older, more patient, and can protect himself from the tourists who push. FYI: I asked them at the gate.... If I buy a one day ticket and my son loves it, could I upgrade to the two day ticket and pay the difference before I leave? The answer was no.
I've been to most of the Disney parks and this one is by far and way the smallest of them. It's quite easy to do most of the park in the morning if you get their early, after an 1.5hr we had done most of the main rides. Entry seems to be a very muddled affair with none of the gates moving fast, however when you are in everything works well.They open the different lands at different times which seems very strange. The Mystic Manor is definitely well worth going into.The park has the magic of the Disney parks and is well worth going to. I really am at a loss why you would need 2 days there, but I guess if you have small children it takes a longer to get from place to place.Plenty of different food options to choose from with a good mix of Asian and Western to choose from (prices are Hong Kong Prices so expensive).The parades get very crowded so well worth picking a good spot in the shade before it starts.
We had a great day at the Disneyland. From the centre of hong Kong island it   s about 45 min with the MTR. The last train is in Disney style to a real Disney station. The park is good to do in one day. The park is clean and good maintained. The rented a stroller for our 3 years old son. This stroller was stolen after 30 min in the park. We get a new one for free.
Pretty small and manageable  you can easily hit all the highlights within the first three or four hours of the park opening (assuming you go at line drop and don't stop for breakfast character meets etc). The park has a lot of repackaged rides areas from Disneyworld and Anaheim Disneyland, which was fine but nothing new. The best rides that are relatively novel to Hong Kong are Iron Man and Mystic Manor (the best, obviously). My favorite part of the whole park was actually the shows, which were really well done and blended Cantonese and English in a very accessible and interesting way. Definitely try to catch the Jedi Training  it was hilarious and great. The shows were the most identifiably  Hong Kong  part of the park, so they were really memorable for me, as a westerner. If you need an afternoon beer, River View Cafe has one beer on tap.
A must do with teenagers. Smaller and less to see and do than Disneyland Anaheim, but on the other hand that means you will get a good spot for shows and parades, etc... Despite the size, we still got a 2 day ticket because DISNEY !!! Worth using the MTR to travel there as there   s a special Disney themed train   cute! (Just be aware, you rarely get a seat on packed MTR so will have to stand for your trip home after a long day on your feet).
My family visited Disney HK last October because of my daughter   s birthday.  It is a lot of fun in the part and whole family are really enjoyed.
This is our second time in Disneyland Hongkong but the place hasn't lost its charm. My son really loved the attractions, Hyperspace Mountain and Ironman experience. We bought 2 day tickets so we don't have to rush through all the attractions and we also waited for the lights parade during the evening.
Had a nightmare experience when the online booking system issued tickets for the park which my bank had rejected but this wasn   t picked up until at the park gate which caused Disneyland Park for several security people to pay a visit at the gate, it was resolved 10 minutes later but not the best Disney welcome !!Generally the park is pretty good but very busy, we stayed at the hotel so had some advanced passes which helped and it was raining on the day.
I am a huge Disney fan and this was the last park that I had not visited. I absolutely loved it. The cast members are amazing and always willing to help. Hong Kong Disneyland has some really unique attractions. Mystic Manor needs to be seen to be believed. This is a lot of fun and no other Disney work has something like this. I had a lot of fun with various character interactions. The Paint the Night parade is a must see.
We love all things Disney!!! So on our visit to Hong Kong I knew Disneyland would be a HAVE TO DO thing on our vacation. And it did not disappoint. The park is much smaller than its USA counterparts but it is still a great Disney experience. There were little to no lines, many of the rides were the same so I got to ride rides that I wouldn   t wait in line for in the USA. And there were many rides the US parks didn   t have. The characters were all awesome and interacted with everyone in our party. I would definitely say Hong Kong Disney is a must do attraction while in Hong Kong!
The kids had been looking forward to visiting Hong Kong Disneyland but we visited on a very hot day. We had pre booked and arrived on the Disney Train and exchanged our voucher for the tickets. The walk to the attractions was quite long but the kids really enjoyed themselves on the various rides and of course with popcorn and ice creams.Queues were really long so we tried to stay indoors and visited places like  It's a small world , although that had a very long queue and involved a lot of waiting before we could get a ride.This is the second Disneyland we have visited but due to the immense crowds and the hot weather the kids did not enjoy it as much as Tokyo Disneyland. If we visit a Disneyland again we will check the weather and definitely not go on a public holiday or weekend.Overall, a nice visit, especially at the Main Street Corner Cafe which had nice drinks and decent food.
Student silver annual pass costs only $800ish and is just 45 mins away from city centre. Also recommend to visit Inspiration Lake which is 5 min away by bus or 15mins by walk.
We made a mistake by coming after lunch (planning to see the 8.45pm parade and do not want to overtire my son), should have come earlier as we do not have time to see most of the exhibit.Bought 4meal coupon for the 5 of us, which provided to be to much food, the portion were quite generous.You can rent stroller at Fire Station at Main St for 120KHD; recommended if you're bringing small children.
We enjoyed our visit to Disney Land, the parade, the shows (lion king is a must see) and all others..but just a little bit disappointed because they did not have firework show at that time. Cinderrella's castle is under contruction. But all in all our experience was pretty good.
This is a dream world. You yourself won't believe the pictures you too over there. Its a magical place for all age groups.
My first Disney, so if you have been before you may not agree. I loved it. Staff at rides and shops etc were extremely helpful. The queues moved quickly. Food was expensive and quite good quality. The only issue I have is I wanted to get photo's with characters but didn't see one, which was disappointing, and we read the park brochure but there was very little information about where they were positioned during the day. I think you need more than one day, as we only had a short amount of time.
Absolutely worth going to even if you aren't a Disney fan. It was spotless, service was fantastic, rides were great, shows were enjoyable and definitely worth allowing one full day to visit. We went on almost all of the rides and saw all but one show and had dinner, watched the projection show and then the parade and it made for a full day. It was very enjoyable but very hot. Make sure you bring cash for purchases at small stands and remember there are ATM's if you need them. There isn't a lot of shade and in ToyStory land, not much shade. And it was hot! We loved it and would definitely go back. MTR drops you right at the entrance!
Little disappointing as we have been to Disneyland in Anaheim and Florida. This one is much smaller and not as many rides, no water rides at all and with being so hot we were all disappointed with that.Other than that just st a miniature version of the real thing
Ok so they can   t help the heat, but this was my first Disney experience, and for the price you pay to get in (not to mention the buffet at nearly   47 per person) I felt a little cheated. Bar one parade the only characters I actually saw were chip and dale (rescue rangers). Maybe Micky was too busy counting all his money to pop down to see us.... I also question their car number plates.
I have been to Disneyland in different countries. The Hong Kong one is not very big neither has many rides specially for adults.However it   s atmosphere is very nice and it is more organized and less crowded comparing to other Disneyland around the world.Very nice to spend a day there walking and taking pics with Disney characters.
Compared to the USA parks this park is small and the rides are catered more for the younger visitor which is understandable.  But the park is very clean and enjoyable   must stay for the end parades.
We came to Hong Kong Disneyland to avoid the huge crowds in the USA and France. Whilst it is definately different given alot of the ASIAN themes in some of the shows. It is definatley far less expensive than the other parks and less crowded. The staff seem to genuinely love their jobs as they all seem very happy. definately try and go mid week although we went Monday and Tuesday and whilst Monday was great with nearly no line ups. Tuesday was almost double the crowd size! Only  small  negative we thought was the limited food options. Would be nice to be able to grab snacks like hot chips or dougnuts instead of just pop corn! other than that, highly recomended!
We bought our tickets via klook and it saved us about HKD58 per pax. Very fast checking of baggage before ticket booth. No long lines. I love that children below 2 yrs old are free. Lines for kiddie rides are on the average,    only    40 minutes. Not bad if you are carrying a toddler as you need to park your stroller before entering the cueing area. Food prices are as expected, on the high side. If you want to skip long lines, opt for the sit down restaurants like Maxim   s. Great Chinese food. Actually, I have not tried the other dining outlets. During our previous visit years ago, we also chose to eat at Maxim   s. At least, it is consistently good.
Very small by Disney standards and aimed at the real littlies. As you would expect, terribly overpriced food which was really ordinary (although the bakery food was pretty good) and only 2 rides which would appeal to real thrill seekers. But the parades were fun to watch, the place is beautifully clean (unlike Disneyland Paris) and a pleasant day if you've got little ones.
Although I read the reviews prior to going, I still wasn't expecting the park to be that small. The first disappointment was the 'fake' train station building. It looked like a backdrop from a cheap play made out of canvas. Main Street was less than 5th of the length than it's counterparts, and castle (although surrounding by hoarding), looked no higher than your tallest basketball player! Many of the food establishments were closed, although what i eat eat was very good. Been to many Disney Parks, and this was by far the worst...really not worth they money they're asking for.
After a stressful and chaotic trip to Shanghai Disneyland, my teen and I actually dreaded this trip to Hong Kong Disneyland, but it was prepaid so we tried. I am SO glad we did. We arrived in the afternoon on a Friday and decided to get in a half day at the park. We were pleasantly surprised by the lack of a crowd. We immediately noticed the friendliness of the staff and the smiles which were not common in Shanghai. The staff gave stickers and really tried to help us in English when needed. The crowds were well behaved and I was not pushed once all day!!!! Even the parades and the projection show were fun, orderly and well managed by the staff. Shanghai Disneyland could learn a lot from Hong Kong. The park is small and the castle was closed which made it feel smaller but it was so clean and happy that we really enjoyed ourselves. The Royal Banquet Hall in FantasyLand made us vegetarian spaghetti with marinara sauce that was really good. We also went to the park on Saturday and it was still pleasant with an increased crowd.
Lovely and clean everyone is happy to serve you and wave hello etc... clean and the rides are great. Come in July the queues are short
Although only 3 4 rides were good for adults, this is primary for the kids who are in 0 10 year age range. And they have more food stalls   restaurants than rides.
We decided to visit Disneyland for the day whilst on our honeymoon in Hong Kong. Whilst there were a lack of thrill rides, queues compared to other Disneyland's weren't that bad (30 mins max whereas you could be looking at 3 hours during peak time in other Disney's). The park was very clean and we were impressed by the food options offered, much better than the usual fayre (burgers, hot dogs, chicken nuggets etc). Mystic Manor was the highlight for us, a real gem. Space mountain is slow and disappointing compared to Paris, could do with updating. Mine train was a good surprise. All in all, we made the right decision to visit here over Ocean Park.
Spent the day at Disneyland with my family. Rather small if you compare to Florida or California. Not to many people though, so it was nice. All people stand in line compared to the US, so that   s definitely a plus. Everyone has a smile on their faces. Worth spending a day at if you ask me!
As expected of Disney their rides and facilities were top notch, but it was such a dissapointment that the service was not up to that standed.I am aware that Hong Kong culture can come across as being unfreindly, but I expected a lot more of the Disney staff. They were exeedingly unhelpful and made my family and I feel very unwelcome, it wouldn't hurt them to so much as try putting on a smile. Such a shame that the  Happiest place on earth  had the saddest people.
Whether you are a child or an adult, do visit this place. It is amazingly beautiful and has many rides for people from all age groups. In summers do not forget to carry your hand fan as it gets very hot and humid. The toilets are available at every 5 10 minutes walk which are very neat and clean and are air conditioned so one can tae rest in the washroom. Outside every washroom, drinking water tap is available so carry your refillable water bottles. Do carry pram if you have a child. Prams are available for rent also. Do not miss the 7pm Mickey magic book show and the 8.30pm parade. The rides almost last not more than a minute. So cant enjoy rides much but the shows are all amazing.
The youngest of our group was 7 and the oldest 57. Everyone had a great time. No extreme rides for thrill seekers, but fun just the same. We went in June so it was hot and humid. Pack water bottles, there are water filling stations everywhere. Go early and be there at opening as it gets really busy around midday. By mid afternoon the park was pumping with people. We went on a weekday so crowds were manageable. My tip would be to do Ironman and that section then hop over to Toyland if that   s on your list as it gets very very hot and crowded over there in the afternoon and there is limited shade. Wait times there were the longest at 30mins and in the heat we decided to bypass it. Food wasn   t as expensive as I expected. It   s not cheap though either, so have a good breakfast and if you choose something like a rice and curry for lunch it will fill you and keep you going until closing. Small snacks could have been taken in, but I think anything big would be confiscated. Don   t miss the Lion King show. I did and family who had seen the stage show and we   re unsure about going to it, said it was fantastic. I now regret not making the time to see it.
Although we were hot and uncomfortable most of the day, we all had a blast. My sister and I went with our young kids and we just had to be sure to keep ourselves hydrated and get into AC every so often to cool off. We went on a Friday and there was a crowd but we still managed to cover much of the park. I have been to Magic Kingdom Disney in Orlando and it took us 2 days. We felt satisfied with the HK Disney after one day because we had covered so much due to the lack of lines. The Lion King show was a highlight. The Moana show is a new feature but needs more seating as it was very crowded. Overall we had a great time and would recommend!
It was raining on & off on the day we visited so most of the rides were closed. They did open for a short while but immediately the waiting was at 30 mins each before the rain played spoil sport again. Not many options for older boys. My son   9 yrs was quite bored there. A couple of rides were also out due to technical issues.
We have been living in Hong Kong for two years now. We have wanted to take our 3 kids to Disney since we landed. We were finally able to do that while my sister was in town. I will start off by saying, I grew up on Disney World, so it will be really hard to top that. Still, they did a great job with the Disney here. We thoroughly enjoyed it. While it wasn't close to Disney World, it was close to being there. They did a nice job with Tomorrowland. The show we saw was incredibly inclusive. It performed the songs in English. The dialogue was in Cantonese with subtitles on either side in English and Mandarin. Prices were Disney prices. Everything was pretty expensive, but that is the way Disney is. The parade at the end of the night was a lot of fun. Exiting the park was incredibly easy with the MTR stop right there. The kids especially loved the special MTR for the Disney Land. It is worth seeing, but if you've done Disney before, I would maybe suggest checking out Ocean Park. It is unique to Hong Kong and has pandas!!
if you like queuing behind thousands of Mainland tourists for hours then visit this 'attraction'It is small,, on the way to the airportThe Govt allocated an equal portion of land for expansion adjoining this site which has not been taken up on.Better to go to Ocean Park
If you have a company with child at heart.You will enjoy going here.But i don't recommend to visit on april or may.it is too hot.i suggest go on during feb or march.
I went with no expectations and left with one of the best experiences so far to date. Its small enough to get around the whole thing in a day and the attractions are pretty incredible.
the place looks old and outdated  food is expensive  hard to get a coffee anywhere  , layout is all over the place  save your money and go to disneyland tokyo instead
Its Disneyland. Whats not to love! We were only slightly disappointed as the castle is under renovation and so was a few of the rides. But there were still plenty of other rides to keep us occupied. All of the attendants I came across with were nice. My boys had an awesome time. one day does not seem enough especially if you have kids (toilet breaks nap break icecream break exploring break). The parade was an awesome closure especially when the members turn and wave at you for shouting their names out. Adults and kids slept dreamily that night. A magical place indeed.
If you've been to Euro Disney or Tokyo this has the same kind of not quite right feel. They try hard but it is not America and the attempts to make visitors feel they're in Anaheim or Orlando don't quite make it. Prices are higher here too   but that's OK if your kids are having fun.
The Park was great, the family loved the experience however we really loved the shops and amazing variety in Disney items we could purchase. We probably spent more time in there than the actual park. The kids loved the air conditioned or fans in the waiting lines as it was a very warm day that we visited. The park copes well with a lot of park visitors and waiting time in lines for all rides were kept to a minimum.
Not value for money.. Overated and very small Disneyland and its a tourist trap to go here. Better to visit Ocean Park instead...
Hong Kong Disneyland Is fun and relaxing and even though it is small and very complacent it has all the centers the musical themes the characters and the rides
Disney doesn   t disappoint but it   s not Florida! If you   re a huge Disney fan you will love this however the rides are more childish than Orlando so don   t get disappointed! Worth a visit!
When ever possible, always go to Disneyland! Two days ticket is good and not much more expensive than one day ticket. Very walkable area, much smaller than in Shanghai I guess. Many good restaurants. Not cheap, but YOLO :)
Spend a full day at Disneyland Hong Kong,  easy to get to from anywhere,  loved the train to Disneyland.  Waiting periods were very reasonable,  food was good and good value for money being in a Theme Park,  managed to get myself some lovely merchandise at...More
Yes the park is small but we loved that you could do it all in a day! The friendly and welcoming staff and atmosphere make every moment enjoyable! The parades were outstanding! Such a great place for every age!
All I can say is a whole day is not enough to experience everything inside the theme park. The best ride for me is the Mystic Manor second is the RC Racer and third is the Grizzly Gultch. Marvel Ironman Experience is also ok same...More
When I got there I was surprised to see how small it was. I have been to the Disney in Florida once before and though the one in Hong Kong would be at least a fifth of the size. Nonetheless there virtually no lines (mainly...More
I first visited Disneyland HK 13 years ago when it first opened. It has since grown and still is a magical place to visit. It is a small Disneyland in comparison to the ones in the USA however it suited us with a young child....More
Unfortunately the day we went it rained so hard that all outside rides & activities were cancelled, however they did not offer any compensation for this!  It was still fun as we have never been to a Disneyland before so enjoyed walking in the rain...More
Must visit if travelling with kids. It's all about the kids really. They have nice rides, attractions, shows  (e.g. lion king) and entertainment. Everything is well organized including the outlets serving lunch during busy hour. The parade is not to be missed, quite spectacular and...More
Right from the start at the entrance, we experienced a sense of awe with Walt Disney world of imagination. This is indeed a comprehensive design sets of the actual Hollywood sets in HK. Giving you the various themes made popular by WD. Not for the...More
This is worth the money. Yes tickets are expensive but the quality of the rides and the well kept grounds at worth the investment. Our five year old did not complain once about walking 15,500 steps (Fitbit) usually he would complain when walking 200 steps...More
I will preface this with a disclaimer  I am not a fan of theme parks, mainly because of all the queuing and crowd, but we had a really good day. We decided to take the kids   14, 12 and 10, and they were obviously...More
This place is quite good for your destination in HK with your family. It is easily to go there by MTR from any where in HK through by Sunny Bay Station.  The price is quite expensive, you can buy evoucher by Klook cheaper than you...More
Just like any over disney it does not let you down.  Just take a umbrella on a hot day because it was crazy hot and not any places to escape the sun.   Very easy to get too on the train.  The staff where great most...More
This Disneyland is maintained in good condition. It is alright for 1 2 days of fun with rides for each age and adults too. It lacks in key items such as good restaurants. We wanted to go to exclusive restaurants but there was no help to...More
Visited Disneyland Hong Kong with family. We travelled there by train. Easy acesss by train from our hotel. We tried all the rides and enjoy the foods at the restaurants. We particularly like the Space mountains and the Buzz Lightyear rides. Will visit again in the future. Thanks
The park is quiet big,the rides and shows are very interesting and very well maintained .Unlike several theme parks in china you will find the maintenance of park facilities is top class .Families with very young children are recommneded to bring thier own stroller or you can also hire stroller at the park . You get theme park map at the ticket window and also at kiosks just after entering the ticket chekpoints .Take a few minutes to note the show times , Parade and fireworks Parade and fireworks show is not to be missed .People usually take good spots along the parad route well before the parade start time .Most popular rides and shows have the fast pass system so you can tag yourbtiket at the fast pass kiosk at each of those rides and return at the punched time so you will get to go through the fast pass queue which is shorter .A great place for day out with family
The happiest place on earth, great for families everyone speak English and was very easy to get around the meals are great and at guest services you can get times of the character for photos. You can hire a pram which is great if your kids get tired. The metro there is also beautiful
Disneyland is a whole new world insulated from the mainland with happiness written on everyone's face.Sadly, the castle with sleeping beauty etc., was under renovation and not accessible. The Toy Story land rides were all non operational.Otherwise, despite rains, we braved our way through the rides and attractions, and yes, we did enjoy.The rain and the walk did tire us a bit, and added to the adventure.Vegetarian food is very very limited inside. We would recommend vegetarians to pack their meals for the visit.Overall   Feel good factor was good and RECOMMEND, more so, if you have children below 12.Recommend two days   one day will be too rushed and tiring. Two days will let you soak some things more than once at a not too rushed pace.Our List of not to be missed rides  shows:  Mystic Manor   Being unique to HK Disneyland  Hyper space  Tomorrowland  Grizzly Gulch  Iron man Experience  River Safari  Lion King show  Mickey's Wondrous book (Could not make it, but highly recommended by others)
We pre purchased our tickets from Klook so no waiting at the gate.. although all lines looked short anyway. We arrived around 2pm, just in time for the parade which was good. Wait times for rides were between 5 and 40 minutes. Mostly with waiting for. The shows the put on was the highlight for me, particularly the Lion King show. The park closes around 8.30pm. So we found about 6 hours long enough for two adults.
The trip to HK Disneyland was a blend of good and bad experiences. Firstly it's a bit expensive travel to and fro in MTR form Hong Kong or Central station to Disneyland. The entry ticket pass is also expensive. The only recommendation I would give is if you have been to any other disneyland's in the world or especially paris, skip this one for sure. There's no need to waste your time, money and a whole day for this place. I have been to another 3 disney's including paris and I am telling you from my experience. It is seriously not worth it. If you have kids who are under 15 then you can surely opt a day out in disney but if you are traveling adults or teens like me in early 20's then it's a strict no. They don't have any thrilling rides for adults or teens. Though the whole idea behind creating a disney park is for children but they should keep in mind that children are not the only age group that visit. Besides it is so packed and flocked. The queues and waiting times are very long and lengthy. There's not much seating space with shade. The food and drinks in the disney are way too expensive. Not much choices for vegetarians. The Ocean Park is a very good alternative for Disneyland. You can choose Ocean Park over Disneyland on any given day and you surely won't regret it. Kids will surely love disneyland but not all age groups I am afraid. The evening lights in the park are very pretty. Hence we made a mistake and sacrificed a day which we could had utilized for a better purpose.
With this Disney I now had all 6 under my belt. This one is said to be the least favorite but I thoroughly enjoyed my whole day. Yes, it is small and the castle was an eyesore being renovated. No one seems to understand the fast passes so I was able to use them all day. Went on a week day and it was the best crowd size I have enjoyed in years!
After having been to Disneyland Paris and Japan I thought why not Hong Kong. Unfortunately we had a lot of rain the day of our visit so some rides were closed until mid afternoon. Good range of attractions and rides for all ages with a good selection of different restaurants. The park has an app that makes getting around a breeze, the app also gave wait times for major rides and attractions.
but I really had fun in Disneyland!   Came here with my sister and a fellow solo  traveller I met at my hostel, and we all agreed that it was the highlight of our Hong Kong trip
I hate to give Disney a bad review but I have not been to Hong Kong Disneyland in about four years and I was a bit disappointed today. It was just not quite    on pointe    and lacked some of that    Disney Magic   . Small things were out of place... for example some of the lights not working and the rain chains not lying correctly in the rain forest scene in    it   s a small world   , a maintenance man fixing a gate that was not even being used (with all his tools on the ground in front of him) in the line of    Ironman Experience    while visitors were walking by to ride and the majority of the non performing cast members looking like they hated their jobs   no smiles.We were looking forward to seeing the new Moana show but the venue is absolutely ridiculous. Only three rows of seats in an area that could accommodate a lot more and not much shade cover so unless you got the seats, you had to stand in the hot sun for 20 minutes to watch. That made the entire show very unenjoyable and was a real downer. The kids hated it and said it was the worst part of their day. It   s seriously just seemed like Disney took the cheap route to create a new entertainment item.Also, we did not see it posted anywhere, not even on the Disneyland app, that they now close the rides in the back of the park one hour before closing time    We wasted time walking to the back of the park to ride some of those rides again and we would have changed our evening schedule had we known they would close early. We used to love riding the Mine Cars in the dark before the park closed.My sister was visiting us and is an avid Disney fan. She said,    No wonder no one comes to this Disneyland. The park is not open enough hours to get your money   s worth, they close some of the rides early and there is not a lot of shade cover compared to the other hot location, Walt Disney World in Florida.   I expect more from Disney. Thankfully, the new Light Parade is fantastic and so the day ended with that classic    Disney Magic   .
it can be exhausting to spend whole day here. Rides have long queues but shows like lion king is nice. Adventure zone Tomorrowland highly recommended to start with first. Jungle river cruise in adventure land is nice too. Most rides end by 6 pm...while parade happens at 8.45...a long wait. Parade earlier used to be proper walk of Mickey, Donald but now they mainly use LED floats which are not that interesting. We faced thunderstorm on our visit so many rides got cancelled & we got wet. Food is not widely available & is restricted. Must take cable car ride that takes you to a hill top with many rides n games there.To save time : buy an Express Pass, if you can afford
Disneyland never disappoints and is a wonderfully magical place. I have never been to any other Disneyland and I visited the Hong Kong Disneyland with a couple of friends who go to the parks in the states yearly. Hong Kong disneyland is smaller in comparison to the other Disneyland but it is just as magical, with shows happening all around the park all day long and characters walking the streets. We had a suprise while attending shows when us Americans (being only english speakers) were greeted with bilingual shows! We found this quite entertaining. We went to this park in November so everything was decorated in a Christmas theme and they even had a Christmas parade and a wonderful (fake) Snowfall!!! My friends had been missing our snowy winter weather at home so this was a fantastic surprise when loads of snow was shot over the crowd with flashing Christmas lights and festive music.Would definitely recommend visiting the Hong Kong Disneyland to people of all ages as it is truly the happiest place on earth! Also, I believe they are beginning to expand the park and it will soon become about double its size!!
Had a nice and crazy experience in Disneyland Hong Kong. Good for beginners as i heard from many people. for me it was my first Disney land experience so i enjoyed it!
I remember telling myself that I would not enjoy at this    childish    place, but I was proven wrong. I was able to enjoy all the attractions and rides offered here. I realized that despite being mature for my age, I still liked being a kid at heart. Though, the adventure can be tiring, so make sure that you are well rested before coming. Wear comfortable shoes as well. Come early so you can make the most out of the rides. We stayed there until closing time and we still wanted more of it! It is a really a place that takes you back to the past, allows you to enjoy the present, and makes you look forward to the future!
Disneyland is always the happiest place on earth! Easy to get to by train. They are doing renovations at the moment but still enough to do & see. All rides & parades great!
Hong Kong Disneyland is able to maintain their service level, especially with the new attractions (Iron Man and Star Wars). Free fast pass is offered for several selected attractions. Slight negative experience on food quality served in one of the food stall inside Disneyland whereby the menu states that it is  duck breast meat  but it tasted very much like  luncheon meat  and you could not see the meat stripes that usually exist in meat.
On the day of the visit there was adverse weather warning and many of the rides were closed for the day. Although kids had a great time, for me and wife it was tiresome walking all the day. The choice of restaurants is limited and the menu at each restaurant is very basic and bland. Overall it was a new experience. No one should miss Disneyland when visiting HK
No words to express, you must visit to feel the same.. KIDS come alive in you once u reach these theme park and u will become kids with your kids..
As part of my bucket list ,visiting All the Disney parks was on the list.As a Senior entrance was only $100HK. I have 2 Favourite rides Pirates and Small world. HK doesn't have Pirates and Shanghai doesn't have Small World.By going to both I was satisfied .. Having no Pirates is the only reason 4** instead of 5**. at HK . God value and totally a better experience than Shanghai.
As a child, I have dreamed of going to Disneyland and when I got the chance to, I was somewhat, underwhelmed. It was smaller than expected, Ocean Park was way larger when it comes to the vastness of the park itself. It was also quiet and that's a good thing, I think. I only enjoyed the souvenir shops and will probably visit again if given a chance.
Travelled here with the family and t'was really awesome seeing a lot of things such as mickey mouse and other characters as well. Very recommended for kids and to those who wanted to experience what really Disneyland is, its a BIG WOW,
Like any other place. Good set up, friendly teams all around, good activities, decent rides to explore. But the best things to do and not miss if you visit this Disneyland in HK is The lion king show!! It was just awesome for all age groups. Rest all activities are nice to explore too.
The smallest of all the Disneys we   ve been to, but the flip side of this was that it was much quieter (we queued for a maximum of 15 minutes, most of the time able to get on rides in quick succession) and also quicker to get around (it   s not a trek from one side of the park to the other).Food and drink is reasonably priced overall. However, water at   3 a bottle was fairly steep.There was some renovation taking place at the laughably small castle which hampered some of the space in the park.Staff were all friendly and courteous throughout. An area for improvement would be the types of badge they give you in entry needing variety (other Disney parks have    just married   ,    Birthday    etc).Having been to an animation academy before at a different Disney, we were pleased that this was available here too. While the classes say they are only in Cantonese, don   t be put off as it   s easy to follow, great fun, and they do throw in a few English explanations along the way.Very easy to get there via HK metro   there   s a special Disney line which takes you the last part of the way. Overall a very good visit.
Our day started off hot & sunny. Got there at 9.45am for 10am opening. Sure enough you get let in the front gate at 10am but that's it   you then have to wait until 10.30am to go further into park where rides are AND then they tell you that some areas inside don't open until 11am. So around lunch time the rain started and so there was no parade that day. We left after we did the minimal amount of rides.
Our family of 4 was in Hong Kong visiting and we always visit a Disney park when traveling abroad. This was our first visit to Hong Kong Disneyland and we opted not to stay onsite, but the park is so calm, that we really did not need to.From our hotel in Mongkok, the MTR ride to the park was only about 30 minutes. We lined up for entrance and it moved pretty fast. We never needed to use a fastpass and we were able to ride everything we wanted to. The cast members were also very helpful and we just had a great time. This is the only park in the world that is not as busy as other Disney parks, but I think that will change soon with the new castle and the new additions. Mystic Manor was our favorite ride, but Hyperspace Mountain was a close second.
Took our 2 year old boy to Hkg Disneyland for his birthday. Choosed Hkg as this was the nearest in terms of flight time from KL, was worried he wouldnt take to kindly to being strapped down to his seat, going was stressful but coming home was easier as he slept throughout his flight. One thing i discovered was in order to take loads of pix with Mickey and gang, best place is to dine in one of theyre restaurants where makes they make scheduled appearances, taking photos with Disney characters in Disneyland itself entails a long queue. Staying in Disney hotels was also a treat. Travelling to and from Disneyland and even to the city was easy as they had frequent free coaches. Going a week before the holidays, and on a weekday, queues for the rides were fast and short. Be prepared to spend though as the Disney Resort Hotel, all day tickets, foods and gift shop items are not cheap. All in all it was an enjoyable experience and my kid had a blast hugging and kissing Mickey and gang, not to mention mummy and daddy had a jolly good time to. For parents worrying abt strollers, they hv the Disney strollers. Dont forget to download the app as its quite informative, indicates kids rides suitability according to height and also general info like where to find what rides, shops and restaurants etc.
Hong Kong Disneyland is a great day out for families, however would recommend not going there on an extremely hot day, which we did, very little shelter from sun unless you enter the souvenir shops of which there are plenty and as can be expected packed with shoppers. Even the shows di not have enough seating to watch it appeared to us as we only saw a few bench seats at the front. However still a good day out.
It   s a good experience. Took the MTR and it   s convenient.   The shows are good. Loved the Lion king festival.  Wish there were more shaded areas to rest, as the HK weather is very humid, there should be more water spouts.  Overall a great experience.
Had a nice and crazy experience in Disneyland HK. Good for begginers on lunaparks and rollercoasters!
Even in the heat we all had a fantastic day lasting 8 hours! We got some fast passes given to us by our hotel (Disney Explores Lodge) which came in handy as the crowds increased around lunch time. Loved all the rides we went on, staff all kind, food was average, just what you would expect. Brought out the kid in all of us..
we thought one day is not enough, but, surprisingly, it was! Disney Hongkong is apparently the smallest Disneyland in the world, so one day visit is just enough. the happiness from my 5 year old faces seeing buzz, woody, donald and the rest of the disney characters was truly priceless!!!we didnt have any problems going to the place due to a very accommodating tour guide!
We went on MTRand caught Disney Resort train which takes you straight there. Train has mickey windows and statues inside. The handles above are even mickey shaped! They sell a reduced ticket for over 65   s so worth remembering. It is a lovely park although the castle was being renovated. There are 7 lands to visit in all and shows, parade and evening parade. It is smaller than California disney but well worth the visit. Food is quite expensive like all theme parks but you can take your own. So easy to get there...we had a great day
It was extremely hot weather in June so avoid summer time.The place is small so it is manageable for family with young children.Go straight to Fantasyland if your kids are below 6 so you can go for most rides.The night parade was worth to watch but a bit disappointed that we didn't get to see any Disney characters walking about for photo taking.Castle is also closed so no fireworks at night.
Maybe this attraction prefer to kids. So many kids attraction at here. So after we see disneyland, we promise if we have children this place must be visited again. Easy acces from kowloon. Just get mtr to this place near from airport. Prefer go to this is weekdays. Big place and great experience. One day i think is not enough for around here. There is no masjid (mosque) so little bit difficult for moslem to pray. Every area have greatest show. We only get micky mouse show and very very great. We are very excited and so professional. Foodcourt have halal food. Buy ticket by online is better than on spot. Closing ceremonial is the best show. Thank you
Check the weather before you go, if it   s raining, you won   t see many characters outside. The outdoor ride close, just indoor options available. A really pleasant surprise was on the 2nd day, the staff at the MTR told me the park may be closed due to the rains, while I bought the tickets. If you still decide to go, we did on both rainy days as we had a 2 day pass, take a rain coat  umbrella. Or pay HK $70 to buy one at the park.Lot of walking to do, plan your visit and what you want to do before you get there. This way you will finish off all that you want, before exhausting yourself and most importantly if you have kids. It can get really hot and humid!My little girl is a princess maniac and the experience of meeting Snow White, Elsa, Sophia, Tinker Bell, Moana was quite phenomenal. I loved the way the characters interact with kids making it a truly memorable experience. If you are looking for A particular character, make sure you check if they are on schedule the day you   re going. E.g. Elsa, we went on Tue and Fri and we could meet Elsa only on Fri. They have fixed timings, so planning will certainly help.The shows are good too, Lion King, Moana, etc. Plan 30 mins per show, minimum. The night parade is awesome, I see kids fascinated by the light show and characters.Food is good, lot of options available. If you have the 2 day pass, make sure you have the eTicket handy the 2nd day, even if you   ve registered with you finger print.Pretty easy to get there via MTR.We   ve been to the one in Paris, this one though smaller definitely packs a punch. With kids or not, you can complete in one day provided you get there early. Happy Mickeying!! :)
I had purchased my park tickets from a travel agent a few days prior, this meant less queuing at the park, it was also cheaper than buying direct, I got this in Tai Po but am sure most travel agents will be able to help.Arrived early Via a 2 buses from Sha Tin, the transport links are brilliant and well signed, We arrived before the park opened so near the front of the que and saw Mickey and Minnie greeting people before the gates officially opened. The park its self is smaller than the others I had visited (Paris and Orlando) but still plenty to do. Lion King Show was a highlight and we saw this twice. With the help of some good fortune Fast passes and single rider queues we managed to get on 11 rides see 2 shows one twice and meet 3 characters so if you plan your day well it   s easy to see a lot of the park in one day, which is not really possible is any of the others. The Space mountain now a Star Wars ride was really well themed, the Avengers part of the park was also very well done with the iron man ride a nice little attraction, but very similar to the Star Wars rides in other parks. The Mickey Mouse celebration projector show was first class and well worth the wait. Couple of Negatives for me, the Castle was closed which we knew about but obviously takes away the famous photo opportunity, also the iPhone app and the Website showed different times for the park closing which also meant it showed the wrong time for the parade, this left me sat on main street an hour longer than I had hopped.But overall a very enjoyable park with some very fun rides, it is most certainly is the happiest place on earth.
So, it   s not to the caliber of the original but it is a nice park. Smaller than Anaheim Disney but with a smaller and quite reasonable price tag. Second day ticket is a fraction of the cost of day one. Lines were 20 30 minutes on a Saturday unheard of at other Disney locations.Like the other Disney parks the castle and several other areas are being brought into the 21st century so expect some closures. If your a Disney fan make the stop. In just a few hour layover we were able to ride two rides, explore Main Street, grab lunch and see more than half of the parade.
It was a bit disappointing as the Cinderella castle was under renovation and we didnt get to see the fireworks. The park was smaller than we had imagine it to be. Rides weren't that many either. Good thing was that we went there during the non peak season so we do not really need to queue long for most of the rides.
Similar to the parks in Tokyo, it's miles ahead of Disneyland Paris (which is atrocious). We got to meet Cinderella, Duffy, Iron Man, Tigger, Winnie The Pooh, StellaLou, Pluto, Goofy, Snow White and saw Ariel. The food and snacks available are tasty and we ate at The Explorer's Club Restaurant where you can choose from a variety of Asian menus. The Iron Man Experience, a ride like Star Tours, is also open now.
It is a must do for all tourists visiting Hong Kong. While it is quite big and the walk can be tiring,I still recommend people of all ages to visit Disney as it is fun to just let go off your self and become a kid all over again at Disney. There are fast rides as well as moderate rides. For those who do not want to sit on rides can enjoy the shows. Do not miss out on the Lion King Show, Mystic Manor Show, Mickey's Wondrous Book & Phillar's 3 D show. Also a must do is the Night Parade.
Pros:My second visit here. There are new attraction especially the iron man ride. There are also some upgrades and renovations on some of the rides compared to the last round I came which is ten over years ago. Food prices are more reasonable with varieties though taste not very fantastic. Queues are quite long probably due to their public holidays and school holidays and quite a lot of their locals are in the park too. Just a note that there are no more fireworks and parade of the characters. Only lightning visuals displays. Toilets there are cleaner than before and it   s air conditioned. Most of the rides are indoors which is good as the summer period can be very hot like in Singapore. Cons:Not many complaints except for the long queuing time. Worth to visit again if there are new rides in future.
It   s my 2nd time there in 3 years. This time round we found that some of the ride didn   t seem as good as before as they may have made some alterations. Example that it   s a small world ride used to keep repeating the song the last time but this time it   s just played once combined with the music. The other Pooh ride used to have a lot of pretty panels each time you turn into an area but now it seems the amount of panels has lessen and the ride shorten. Even the night parade cars are less gorgeous as the 1st time we saw it. But then we also discovered other rides we haven   t been able to ride on the first time we went. The new iron man experience was quite awesome! There   s also an iron man virtual reality game for my 2 yr old son at the store in the Tomorrowland which is quite fun while his parents went solo and used the fast passes for the main attractions. As for the other ride we tried as single rider while our son slept, it   s the toy soldier parachute drop. It   s not for young kids.. but teens shld be able to withstand the excitement and not break into tears. Also we think the mickey   s philharmagic at fantasyland is pretty awesome but then my son was a bit scare of it maybe due to the loud noise inside.. so really have to consider if bringing very young kids there. The only one ride that my son loves is the slinky dog spin at toy story land. As for the other ride that his parents enjoyed, it   s the mystic manor. As usual it   s not for very young kids as it   s quite dark in there and can be scary for them. My son is pretty cool with the dumbo ride and obitron which is pretty much the same type of ride. As for food, we think the best food court is at fantasyland and also mystic point. It   s good to go during weekdays as it   s less crowded and if there in summer, do 1 2 of the outdoor rides u wish to try before going indoors for the rest till later in the afternoon. This works really well for us as we try the dumbo and obitron ride first before going indoors for other rides like Pooh ride, mickey   s philarmagic, it   s a small world, Ironman and hyperspace mountain, till later in the day when it   s not so hot did we go to toy story area for the other rides there. Utilize the fast passes and single rider options when you   re there to save some time in the park.
Disneyland is always a great place to spend a day. The staff are happy to give you stickers if you ask them. All of the staff carry them. The rides of course are the big attraction along with the meet and greet with the characters. A great family day out
We are Disney fans but hate standing in long lines. If you are like us, try HK Disneyland. Weekdays are slow and the shows and food are great.
This disneyland is little small. You can complete it easily. Rides are good and enjoyable. Kids will have the most fun with shows and disney parade. Enjoyed ! Food is not allowed inside and they throw it if found. Just take care.
Super Duper Disney !  Enjoyed the family day @ the Disney resort with fun filled games, rides, eats, memorabalia, etc  Fantastic locale, fun for all ages from 3 to 80 !  Always happy to be there
Roller coaster was scary but fun; food was really good; shops had good products; parade at the end of the day was magical
This Disneyland is supposed to smaller than others. However, the shows were excellent and there are long lines in this place. It is recommended that you buy the fast tickets. It is a fun park to do. However, the rides are not as great as the Adlabs Imagica ones at Lonavala. So they were a bit of a disappointment.
Its a full day trip at the disneyland. This one isnt bigger like the US one but good enough to keep kids occupied for a day. Beautiful parade at the noon and closing time. And loads of free shows whose timings are posted and updated based on weather conditions. Tip : Can be very crowded for weekend and public holidays with 45 60 min waiting at each ride. Try going on tuesday wed and thurs. Less crowded. Also try cloudy and raininy days.
As two adults this was so much fun. The attractions were within easy walking distance. It was well organized and so clean. The parade was an added bonus. Most restaurants were fast food but some had good food. Good value for the entry price.
This is a great place to take your kids. If you have not been before it's worth checking it out one time. I wouldn't return as there are better alternatives like Ocean Park.
Children enjoyed all the rides. Love its a small works and mystic castle. The kids rode the star wars roller coater 4x. I rode once but was about to puke after. Mainly for kids only
Of crs it   s the    happiest place in the world     It   s the right size for someone like me to cover everything in one day  Beautiful!
So much fun! The park is perfectly sized for a full one day visit! Great place to visit for families with children and adults Disney fans who are kids at heart! Mix of Classic and new Disney characters and rides.
Lovely theme park with different themes for all ages and audiences. Got there for opening but couldn't actually get to the rides until 10:30 which wasn't great at first, however the rest of the park was still amazing, and you can get to it from the MTR as it has its own stop too.
Disneyland Hong Kong is value for money. We bought tickets that included lunch and a waffle. Lunch was so filling that we didn   t even use one of the coupons. It is very clean with staff regularly cleaning the park. There are several smoking areas around the park and staff are very friendly and will show you where things are. There was almost no long waits for rides which was awesome. The merchandise is reasonably priced, and easy to find in the shops. The light show at the end of the day is breathtaking and beautiful. All around amazing experience! Will definitely return and recommend to anyone!
Visited on a Sunday and it was a long weekend in HK. The great thing is although the crowd could feel overwhelming especially when queuing up at the entrance, somehow when we were inside it didn   t feel as bad. Don   t get me wrong there are queues and everywhere packed but probably because of the design everybody   s dispersed more or less evenly. The food and drinks are expensive but you would expect it given such location so no point complaining. The souvenir shops are well stocked with variety and plenty of shops to temp you and kids. Takes a very strong will to not spend on any item in there. All in a great place to visit, if you have kids just bring them you are guaranteed a good time here.
Great experience for kids especially Disney fans. The park facilities are good, though it was bit warm during the day during our visit.
I have been to Disneyland in Florida which was and experience not to miss and I would definitely say the same about this one.
Good for day trip. But cant be compared with santosa island amusement options at Singapore . The best part was samba show and evening prade. Overall expensive and worth not visiting again.
I've been here several times since they first opened.  My first visit was disappointing as the park was much smaller than all of the other D'lands.  But everything I go, the park seems to have expanded more than the time before!
A fun, whole day outing for the family. Their fireworks and the parade are not to be missed. The lion king show was fun, and good enjoyment (you get to sit down for a while, and get some rest too)! Also, don't forget to get pics clicked with disney characters in the garden area.
I've been to Disneyland in other countries, yeah thoroughly enjoyed the one in Hong Kong! Fun for kids, adults and groups
If you are an iron man fan, then you are in for a treat. As soon as you enter the park, Head for iron man experience, it   s the best ride of the park. Hyperspace mountain and grizzly gulch mine cars offer a good roller coaster experience. Indian food is not so good. Don   t forget to take water bottles with you, because they charge 3 times for mineral water.
It was raining in n off the whole day!  June 12 2018.  All the team were doing their best but .... weather is just not on our side.  Great job
My daughter and I had a magical two days here celebrating her 13th birthday, travelling all the way from Sydney, Australia!Right from the time we entered the park on 30th May things were lovely. We loved the photographer who took our photos at the gate and later again on Main St. Her name was Harley and she made our buying the photo pass well worth it! The photo lady at the Winnie the Pooh ride was also really helpful, explaining how the photo pass worked and getting all of our photos downloaded onto the app on my phone. (She also helped me download the app and helped me sign up.) It felt so great to see the professional photos from that day and even breakfast all there, safe on my phone! I wish I could mention her name too!Although we were just able to do all of the rides in one day (we went mid week out of school holidays) we also needed a day to line up and have photos with characters. My daughter loved meeting Piglet, Winnie the Pooh, Eeyore, Cinderella, Aurora, Chip and Dale and Minnie and Mickey. Just be aware that the lines always seem to be really long for Minnie and Mickey and you have to be early and quick for the princesses (except Princess Sophia as she doesn't seem very popular at all).We had 12 fast passes for two each from our hotel (Disney Explorers Lodge) but we only ended up using 5 of them because there was not more than 5 minutes wait time for any ride apart from Winnie the Pooh and the Parachute Drop. We did use them for the Winnie ride because my daughter really loved it. We really loved being near the It's a small world ride early in the day when no one was around. I love that It's a small world and Winnie the Pooh are air conditioned. We also especially loved the Mystic Manor ride (also air conditioned).We took our own water bottles in and loved our meal at the Plaza Inn for my daughter's birthday. (We booked in advance but it was not busy.) The pork fillet was delicious. The other evening we ate fish bites and chips in the cafeteria at Tomorrowland which was pretty standard American food but at least it was air conditioned and quick. We also had the incredibly cute donuts which my daughter loved eating.We knew the castle was being renovated in advance but the Main Street photographers still managed to get nice photos of us with it. Main St was pretty much deserted about 3pm the Wednesday we were there so we got some great photos! Again, thanks to the lovely photographer, Harley!Well worth visiting, especially if you are from Australia as it is not as far as the USA. Thanks, Hong Kong Disneyland, for a magical visit!
A fun space for all age groups... The creativity and the beautiful attractions for kids is totally commendable. The rides are all good . 5 stars for the time managemnt at the shows and rides.... Praiseworthy. We had a lovely time with our kids and they both enjoyed it to the core.
This is Disneyland, a place for you and your children to meet Disney characters and feels some good but not too extreme rides. 2018 is my 2nd time to go here. Disneyland is constantly adding and renewing their attraction. However one main reasons to postpone your visit here (at least until late 2019) because the main castle is under renovation. The renovation also means that there are no fireworks show, which makes come to Disneyland is less worth these days.
24 hours is not enough..... must go back and spend at least 2 days there! So much to see and do but so little time!
Mention Disney, and most immediately think crazy crowds along with Disney Magic. Hong Kong Disneyland is one of my favorite parks because it strikes the perfect balance retaining the magic and charm that we have come to expect from a Disney Park while also having lower than normal (for Disney) crowds! Be sure to avoid weekends and holidays (I only went during non Holiday weekdays) when I hear that crowds can be much thicker, and you will enjoy shorter wait times, the ability to randomly catch a parade or show, and the opportunity to take it all in at a leisurely pace. This Disney fanatic recommends two days to be able to experience EVERYTHING in the park (all the rides, shows, parades and a couple of repeat rides on your favorites) but I realize that I am the exception and that most could do the park well enough in a single day. The unique to Hong Kong Disney rides are definitely worth going out of your way to experience if you are in the area and a fan of Disney at all. For our family, it was simply magical!
Visited with family on a quiet day luckilyJust wish they would cater more for the disabled. I am registered blind and do not use any rides, however you can only have a disabled ticket and price of 100 hk dollars if you are a resident otherwise it's full priceSo it makes it very expensive day for me just to get pushed round. Luckily it wasn't too busy as this Disney doesn't do the fast pass entry for those with disabled guests either like Shanghai one does. I had to queue in the line with my daughter and son in law or they had to leave me in the wheelchair before entering line, which can be is uncomfortable when you have very little vision Most staff seem friendly, Overall good but could do better for people with disabilities
My family really enjoyed this park. They have some great rides only found at this park. A comment that gets mentioned a lot is that this is smaller than some of the other parks, and that is true, but it is also less congested than most of the other parks by a good margin, meaning you'll ride more rides and spend less time waiting. Dining selections for sit down  table service is limited, but there is plenty of food. All in all, we would love to come back some day.
Best place to visit in HK. If you are a kid at heart, this place is best for you. Or if you have kid's this is the bedt place to visit in HK.
I wish you had something more than 5 star rating ....impossible to express the joy and fun my kids had!
HK Disneyland might be smaller by size compared to other Disneyland   s but it sure don   t have less to see. We were on a Saturday, normally that   s a no no for any kid friendly places but there was little to no line... till after 2pm. After that I had no ideal where all those people came from. Even with the lines (mostly 15 20min wait) we saw almost everything. We missed a few thing because the timing plus we had a child with us, so that don   t help with timing. Over all we had a great time and what I think the best part is that since the park is smaller in size there was less walking to go from place to place. (lol)
Whichever Disneyland you visit, it   s still a magical place that brings you back to the fond memories of your childhood watching all those Disney cartoons. Smaller in size compared to other Disneylands, it makes it very bearable to walk through the park. Since it is smaller, it has fewer attractions but the essential ones are there. One piece of advice, do price comparisons of the souvenirs and try as much not to buy it in the stores at Main Streey.
Small but wonderful Disney! Staff could be a little more into the Disney spirit. The park is kept in excellent condition  pricesfor goodies a little on the high side, but it   s Disney. Lots of character greatings, que for rides short 10 20 minutes.Had a fabulous time.Buy your tickets online, you will often get another little something like a $50hkd meal voucher, or merchant voucher.
A must attraction when visiting hong kong. Amazing experience .The minute you step into the park everything was magical with their background disney music. Navigation inside the park is easier by using hong kong disneyland apps. The apps will give you real time updates for their show and lots of helpful info can be found in the apps. We really had fun throughout the day..
A great place to visit with the kids as they have lots of fun... but if ur an indian who eats vegetarian food. Please be cautious as to get something worth eating which would fill u could majorly be ice creams as the popcorns are also mostly caramel that is available... so eat a good breakfast before u get there. The not to miss is all the rides and specially the little world show of dolls. Fun unlimited for kids as they get to click pictures with all the characters of disney here and there...You will need 2days atleast to cover with kids... you start and end with the U.S street there are some places to eat Its best to download their app and be on time for all shows... know how long the lines are in which ride or show... definitely an enjoyable experience
Note: there   s an on going renovation of the castle; it may be something you would like to consider.Ticket price: 619 hkd for adult for the 1 day passWe bought out tickets at chungking mansion at TST at the money changer there. They usually sell it 590 hkd but we were able to haggle it dow to 580 hkd. Just be Charming and nice.You can also try KLOOK app. They offer discounts and promos but due to our credit card policy we opted not to purchase it there.I   ve been to to Disneyland for a couple of times and through experience. Here are my tips for you to maximise your time.1.download disneyland hk app on your phone or avail the brochures for schedules and map.  ITS FREE2.plan ahead of time! What rides you want to do. It   s a personal preference.3.finish all the rides on your list before taking pictures. Picture taking will consume most of your time and before you   ll know it, people are already flocking.4.it opens 10AM 8:30PM no fireworks after or you may ask some staffs if they do have that day.5. Its wifi almost everywhere. Bring extra batteries for your phone or cameras. Selfie sticks are not allowed.6. Have a heavy breakfast! Foods are expensive! Or take your lunch early or late. Tables in the restaurant are limited.7. Wear comfortable shoes and dress!8. Have fun!
The most exciting part of our HK trip. To start off, we travelled to Disneyland in MTR to experience the mickey themed train! It was fab.. We loved it.. Even the MTR Disneyland station was so cool! Do not miss this.. If you have enough time.. Take the train! We stayed in Disney's Hollywood Hotel.. It was convenient.. no need to worry about transport.. Plenty of shuttle buses available from the park to the hotels. Coming to the theme park, alot of people suggested that one day is enough to cover the park, but i personally feel that if you want to get a full Disney experience then go for 2 days. That's exactly what we did and we still didn't feel it was enough..(maybe we were just too excited !)The park is big (although i read it was the smallest of disney theme parks). Be sure to get a map and the show schedule when you enter.. Take note of the shows you want to watch and manage your time accordingly. Expect long queues after afternoon at every ride (waiting time around 30 40mins). Tips : (1) Start off with the 'land' that is furthest away first to avoid queues. Some lands open after 11am..The best for us was Toy Story Land.(2) Meals are quite reasonably priced in the park as compared to in the hotels.. So we had lunch and dinner at the park (also because we waited till the final parade). Plenty of Vegetarian options available too. (3) If you have two days, watch all the shows, stage plays and parades on day 1 and do the rides on day 2. That's what we did..so we had ample time for pictures and exploring.(4) If you want to meet and greet characters, be in queue atleast 15mins before else be prepared to wait atleast 60mins in queue. (5) The castle is closed for maintenance works till later this year. There is no fireworks as well. Overall , we had so so much fun in Disney.. Loved it , recommend it !
Brings back all your childhood memories. A bit crowded and expect long lines everywhere. Also, requires a lot of walking and patience.
The kids had a wonderful time at d8sneyland. The weather was fine. Rides are aplenty and the lion king show was really superb.
Ignore the bad reviews I went today and had an amazing time!!! Yes it   s a small park compared to Disney world in Florida but I expected that!!! I got to do most of rides walk on and the cast members are friendly! Just know that if you come during the summer it rains a lot so bring an umbrella!!!
This is must place to Visit in Hong Kong.. really good place to all.. for full family it   s very nice.. really all indoor shows are very good.. out side rides are also good.. Good management  good planning.. 1 full day is enough for whole Disney land.. 11 am to 8 PM...
My boyfriend and I came here yesterday and it was really good. At the start it was a little disappointing because all of the rides were shut due to the typhoon. But obviously that was no fault to Disney, it was just bad luck. However thankfully they opened up later in the day so we really enjoyed them. We only ate in one restaurant and the food was really nice and the service was quick and friendly. The shops on main street were also really good. Full of great Disney merch at decent prices. The staff there are also very helpful. Despite there being bigger rides here they definitely aren   t    thrill    rides, but they are still enjoyable, just more on the tame side. Unfortunately they are renovating the castle so we couldn   t get a decent picture infront of it but never mind. The park is also very small compared to other Disneyland   s but we only had a day ticket and we managed to do everything so that was fantastic and worth the money. If you   re wanting a trip to a nice, easy Disneyland that isn   t too expensive then this is definitely the one for you.
I had average expectations before going as it is the smallest of all the Disney parks and I have been to Anaheim before. However what greeted me was Disney at its finest. The smaller park size was somewhat an advantage as we got like we ride all the rides more than once and see the shows (which do not disappoint). The castle is a bit of a let down, however it is currently under construction so will shortly be on par. The toy story area was definitely a must see.
Was always fascinated by disney land growing up & hearing peoples experiences. Finally got to spend 2 days & experience first hand the magical place. great time at hong kong disney land. Will cherish the memories for a long time to come !!!!!!
We first experienced 'Disneyland' in Anaheim California in 1984 with our young children, so our visit to Hong Kong Disneyland was as 'retirees' .. and 'just for fun'. It is much smaller but very easy to get around and we were some of the first to arrive in the morning, and last to leave after a 'Halloween' parade at night. We enjoyed every experience from rides to interactive shows and look forward to the day when we can return with some of our grandchildren.
Go here with you   re children And have more then a Nice Day. Children And adults all love this park!!
Loved this Disney park, ok not as big as others but no long queues for rides and attractions. We were on most rides without queuing and could walk around and get back on the ride.We have been to paris and Florida Disney numerous times but this just had a different feeling to it, a lot more relaxed and pleasant. We were lucky as it was a overcast day, still hot but kept out the sun.We could watch the parades x2 and fireworks without all the usual hustle and bustle of other Disney Parks.Definitely worth a visit if your in Hong Kong.
Visited on a Sunday, unfortunately, and it was one of those hot, bright days (3rd June) which meant we couldnt cover too much. Wasted too much time and exhausted ourselves at the start itself waiting for the customary Mickey Minnie photo. Skip it if the line is too long and esp if you are staying at one of the Disney hotels where you can anyway meet them at breakfast. Plan the itinerary well because its no fun going from one land to another in confusion. Its much too hot, food is overpriced, and they don't accept anything but cash for most small purchases like icecream. Although they say outside food and drink not allowed, no one really objected to ours although they checked our bags. Some of the rides like Dumbo and It's a small world are really worth waiting for, but the lines for the Winnie the pooh boat ride were so long and the ride just quite repetitive. I guess you have to prioritize based on your interests. Can't cover it all! By the time we made it to the Lion King show, we were near collapse, I was afraid my son had caught a heat stroke, and we beat a hasty retreat. Happiest place on earth? No way, not in this weather. Not at all. Be careful when you visit in May June with small kids.
Its fanstastic. Specially for people who come for a holiday with kids, you must visit Disneyland and stay in the Park area itself. You can cover all the rides and shows if you stay for 2 days. Besides the rides, you must try and see all the shows currently going on. The Lion King show was fabulous. Dont miss the parades in the afternoon as well as night parade as both are different. Unfortunately during our visit the castle was closed and there were no fireworks. Try to cover Tomorrowland and Adventure land 1st as there is maximumn waiting time there.
You need to be smart to enjoy the HK Disneyland. Tips: Its easy to reach by the metro line as there is special metro line for Disneyland. Try to reach before the rope drop. Dont carry selfie stick as its not allowed. Pick the park map. After the rope drop just rush to the attractions of your choice and take the fast pass. Fast pass machines are installed on the important attractions and you can find it in the park map. You can avoid long queues if you pick the fast pass in advance and it gives you the time by when you need to come back for that specific ride attraction. This was you can save time and avoid queues. Please note that you can pick only one fast pass at a time. So plan your day smartly. Do try out the Hyperspace mountain extreme roller coaster and the Mine Cars. Trust me, its not just for kids, adults can enjoy too.
Nice park with mostly all the characters. Enjoy 4D rides as well Iron Man is not to miss : ), Different characters come out with getup to take pics, make sure you stand in queue on time as they do not allow many people at a single time to click with them. This place is very big and require at least 2 days. Fun for children's and not to be miss by adults too ...Cheers
Parents should bring kids  their children here to play. when characters become alive.   Meet Goofy, Mickey Mouse, Bambi, Moana, Toys Story, Ironman  It was entertaining and the place was good to visit. far from city, and most importantly less polution
We are from the Gold Coast so spoilt with amazing theme parks but had to tick off Disneyland while in Hong Kong. The place is very well done but hardly any rides and a very small park. The rides they did have we're more geared up for toddlers which is Disneys target market.If you have teenagers I wouldn't suggest it. My kids were very disappointed.
i couldn   t ask for more except perhaps we should have done it on a colder month and spent a whole day inside the happiest place on earth.we got there at lunchtime and left before sunset to catch our flight home. my husband got nauseous on his first roller coaster ride while our son and i enjoyed the rest of the rides, especially ironman, parachute ride and the horseshoe coaster ride.this theme park is a perfect venue for a family getaway. you   ll enjoy every second you   re there.
This is such a worthtrying destination once you visit Hongkong, for its beauty, magnificence, marvelousness, majestics. Animation Academy is a good beginning. Main street is full of stylist shop and background for shooting. TIPS is you should follow the path that is contradict to other visitors. Like if people go first with TomorrowLand, you should start with AdventureLand instead so that you don't have to queue and wait for long time. ***Must   try:. Star wars in Tomorrow Land. It's a small world in Fantasy Land. RC Racer in Toy Story Land. Mine Car in Gruzzly Gulch. Rafts in Adventure LandThose are what i have tried and really recommended to others. It's such a sophisticating world that if you can enjoy it, really worth it.
Visited Disneyland for 2 days during May 2018 with family.....senior citizen and children as well.This is the place to visit and i love it the most. You can't take your eyes off the d  cor they have made in the Disneyland.Different themes for each area...I believe there are around 5 different themes in the park and each one has unique theme and was surprised to see that even the toilets are made according the themes.Excellent rides, expensive food, don't forget to ride in the Disney train.Do take water with you. They do have drinking water inside but if you have empty bottles it will be good.
Can be done in a day but start early to catch the shows and meeting the characters. Western food was difficult to find so we snacked on the best popcorn ever. My 4 year old son enjoyed it thoroughly. Glad we took his stroller with. The castle is unfortunately under construction at the moment.
I have been to Disneyland in LA, and thought all Disneyland's were identical. They are not, as obviously there can could be geographical constraints or economic restraints. If you haven't been to any of the Disneyland's around the world and you are in HK, then come. If you have been to Disneyland in LA you will be disappointed
We took the two day pass and it was necessary with the kids. Yes, waiting times are crazy, its not as big as Paris Disney and the food is so so, but that's not why you're here, is it? Kids had a great time and the parades were lovely.
Had a wonderful day, so easy to get here from anywhere in Hong Kong, unlike Disney's in the US it's much quieter, space mountain was never more than a 5 minute queue all day!! Longest we queued for any ride all day was 20 minutes but it was more like 10. FYI Grizzly Gulch had the cheapest food options that I saw, the only alcohol is on Mainstreet and there's smoking areas between each park.It gets really chaotic in mainstreet before the parade but that's to be expected.
I was only able to visit HK Disneyland for a few hours due to time constraints but i felt that the park was small enough that i was able to explore most of it within my limited time there. I was able to go on three rides   Iron Man Experience, Hyperspace Mountain, and Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars. I did not wait more than 20 minutes for any of the rides. Though most of the park is designed to look like the original Disney World, the Iron Man ride had a Hong Kong theme. Lunch at the Explorer's Club Restaurant (in Mystic Point) was pricey but good. This park does not compare to the original Disney World, however, it is interesting to visit an international Disney park. The cost of admission is around 600 HKD ($80 USD). I would recommend this park if you are a Disney lover and have a free day while visiting HK. It is easily accessible by MTR.
We took my 5yo daughter here and she loved every minute. The rides, the shows, the characters. Even the queues weren't too bad. We'll be coming back.
There were no fireworks because the castle was undergoing transformation : ( Since it was already a small version, the transformation of some areas made it much smaller : (
Smaller version of Disneyland California,enjoyed the similarities with a chinese taste,,loved the atmosphere ,the cast members go above and beyond with their every effort to ensure not jus your safety but also ensure an enjoyable time. Larger walking area ,with a train that has three stops, both spoken in English ,Chinese and mandarin. English speaking cast members certainly assisted us in our venture,we spent three days there ,really only one complaint was the amount of open umbrellas that some visitors had use of, they were open even in shops, and in the shade ,spent a lot of time trying to avoid losing an eye or two.
Been twice about 8 years apart.   A small park compared to others but in saying that it is really enjoyable as crowds aren   t so large.   Adding more attractions all the time, and easily accessible from Hong Kong
It will indeed give you an experience of a lifetime.Rides and attractions are made for any one. It will let you recall your childhood memories.    PlacesForAllAges
I thought this is the happiest and coolest place on earth, I was wrong. There is limited numbers of rides to choose. they don't offer extreme rides unlike any other theme park. The castle is on going rehabilitation. The parade was good, but if you want and prefer to all rides you will not be satisfied to HK Disneyland.
When we headed for Disneyland i was personally though this place is for children, me and my freinds thought we will sit at one place at let kids enjoy the place.To my utter surprise it turned out to be different. Totally totally different. I enjoyed more than my kids. The child within me was reborn.One of the best places on the earth that i have visited so far. We were there for two full days and walked around 20kms or more to cover and see each and every show and place in disneyland and no body in the group felt tired. The place lives upto its tagline   the happiest place on earth. We were so excited after first day of visit that the second day it was announced that it is a storm of 9 danger. We (including kids) were so disappointed that we did not came out of our rooms. But as it is said   when you seek from GOD with all your heart, he obliges  and magic happened. The storm warning came off at around 11am and then there was no looking back.A must must place to visit with kids once in a life time. I BET YOU WILL ENJOY.
My wife and I came to Disneyland with expectations that we would be too old to enjoy it. Gladly we were overjoyed with the fun experience. It is a large park so expect to spend at least 6   9 hours there to enjoy all the park has to offer.Plenty of food, plenty of tourist shops and souvenirs to buy from. The rides were free, that was a surprise because we thought they may have charged for attractions but they were free to enter. The attractions, rides, tours, interactive experiences were very enjoyable and worth spending your time to seek out. Tons of things to do, you and take your time and sit around and take in the carnival atmosphere.The park was undergoing some renovations so we didn't see everything but what we did experience was a lot of good fun.Easy to book your ticket from a hotel from a Handy handset in the hotels or on your mobile phone. The price was well worth the experience, go and have a look you won't be disappointed!!! Much more than I can describe! 11 10 from me!
When we were heading to this place some in our group said that this place is only for the children. We will come out in half a day and go out for some other place. But one day was insufficient for the Disney land you need at least one more day. All the events and attractions were too good. Of all the paradeby 8.30pm was classic. More than the children all of us enjoyed.
My wife and I are Disney fans. We aren   t particularly fanatical but we have enjoyed our visits to Tokyo Disneyland and are the type to go before opening and stay till closing time. Since we were coming to HK, we couldn   t pass up the opportunity to visit HK Disneyland as I had never been before.Based on reviews online, I had already tempered expectations but even then, I was disappointed when we got there. The good thing was that the queue to get into the park and the rides was so short (we went on a weekday). I enjoyed the trackless mystic manor ride. The effects and the ride experience is one of a kind and highly recommended. Grizzly mine cart was fun too with 2 unexpected twists, no spoilers here.That   s about all the good I can really say, now the parts that disappointed:I don   t see what   s the point of letting guests in 15 minutes early to the Main Street before they open up the park proper. After they finally opened the park, I didn   t expect other parts of the park ( toy story, etc) to open at 11. They also closed earlier at 730pm. The place was already so small, surely they could organise it such that all parts of the park could open and close simultaneously.As we walked around the park, many snack stands were still closed and many cafes were closed for the day. It takes away from the festivity of the place.We were the first to sit Mystic Manor and we were excited but when we got to the ride, we found the girls standing around chatting and they looked surprised to see us. They then hurriedly rushed off to prep and asked us to wait 5 minutes. It felt like they lacked a lot of professionalism. The staff were also not enthusiastic and acted like they were there because it was their job and not because they had a love of Disney. They could fake it even if they didn   t but they didn   t bother and most looked very blas  .It did not feel magical at all. The food was also very mediocre. The crowd in general was a lot ruder than the crowd at Tokyo Disneyland. I had multiple groups of people cut in front of me while it was obvious I was waiting to take a picture of my wife and they saw me. People yelling across the street for each other. Some people tried to pick the best seats for the rides so service staff had to tell them to move down the line and they looked displeased they were told to do so.The stuff in the shops felt a little    recycled   . We saw goods from Paris Disneyland and Tokyo Disneyland there. Felt almost like they were given the leftovers from other Disneyland resorts. Albert the monkey at Mystic Manor is a character unique to HK Disneyland but they were sold out for some of his goods and the sales lady said they weren   t sure if they were going to continue making it again. We went at 10, left by 430pm and don   t ever plan on going back. I expected much more and had hoped for a decent experience but I feel like HK Disneyland didn   t put in enough effort to make the place as magical as it should be, especially moreso for the ticket price they are charging. It felt like this resort is just riding off the popularity of the Disney name but it did not do it justice. If you really want to go, look for discount tickets, don   t pay full price. Go with kids since the queue is so short, they can ride the rides repeatedly and you don   t have to rush there in the morning. Also, unlike Tokyo Disneyland, there   s a proper line to do the character meet and greets so you will assured of a picture as long as you brave the long queues. It gets very hot during the summer so be sure to lather on sunscreen and bring a hat umbrella. There is barely any shade there. Use the lockers to stash your stuff, you can reopen them anytime so it is worth the money to get one. Nothing is cheap in Disneyland, the only magic I felt was how quickly your money goes while you are there.I really had hoped for more from Hong Kong Disneyland but I think I won   t ever return unless they do a major revamp, for both the park itself and its staff.
Love hong kong disneyland!, try avoid month of may july as the heat is crazy! Crowd was alright during weekdays, each rides took about 5 10 minutes queue. Make sure to bring empty bottles for water refills near any toilets unless you would like to pay the ripped off price mineral bottle water. Food was expensive but nice! The cinderella and the price was kinda disappointing. Avoid renting baby strollers during summer, unless you want to bake and sun burn your baby. The main castle was closed for renovation...very disappointing again. Poor dancers sweating so much in their custume parade. Generally will visit again! Mystic manor is a must to visit!
Little did I know that after having a wonderful, fun filled, memorable experience at HK Disneyland with my family including the newly discovered Advance Pass for its attractions, where you don't need to fall in line and just have to go back on your designated time. It was truly amazing that means we can save time at no extra cost and maximize most of the tours in Disney.Now going back to my review is one of the restaurants inside Disneyland located on the Main Street USA zone near the entrance   Plaza Inn Restaurant. Just after the Flights of Fantasy Parade we stumbled by accident this place as we are about to exit. And with utter coincidence we are looking for a good authentic HK Chinese food in particular Roast Goose. Inspired by Mulan anime   the interior is very authentic cultural Chinese with red lanterns and intricate furnish and carvings. The service is nice and hospitable. The ambience is relaxing, luxurious and comfortable. The toilets are clean and spacious. The airconditioning is perfectly cool. We are a family of 8 with 3 kids and of course very hungry after a long day of walk at Disneyland HK. We ordered 2 servings of Yang chow fried rice good for 4 people, Roast goose, Beef broccoli, Roasted pork belly, and a Chinese oolong tea for hot drink. They don't serve free water but the drinks were affordable. True enough the one that stood out amongst the dishes we ordered is the Roast goose   savoury, succulent, juicy, tender and fresh. Despite the flavours and spices added you could still taste the freshness of the Roast goose   and most of all it melts in your mouth. HK has many famous restaurants that serve Roast goose. The flavour stands out for any combinations and it is very delicious                     The price is very similar to a typical restaurant inside the park which a bit pricey than outside but then again it is worth it. Next time you visit HK Disneyland don't forget to drop by Plaza Inn.
When my boys were young, my wife and I took our children to Disney in Florida, Los Angeles, Paris, and Japan before Hong Kong Disney was open in 2005. Comparing with Hong Kong Disneyland with other Disneyland in other parts of the world. Hong Kong Disneyland began as a tiny one. But over the last 13 years, Disneyland added new games into this tiny one. By now, I would say, Disneyland in Hong Kong is not big but good enough for 1 to 2 days if you have 1 or 2 kids to play with. I have been to Hong Kong Disneyland about 4 to 5 times. I would say, they need to continuously expand to keep up with visitors' expectation.
Although the crowds were huge we still had a great day, we enjoyed the faster rides, make sure you take advantage of fast tracking rides to avoid ques, plan your day as you will miss the character picture sessions. The parade at nights was fantastic, get there early.
It is the smallest Disneyland I have been. The train to the park is special but wasn't very impressed. The whole place don't really have the  Disney  feel until we see the parade. Ticket is rather expensive for the whole experience.
We liked our stay in the park. There were lot of different attractions, but mostly for small children. There was not many vegetarian options, and the food is not very good.
First time to HKG Disneyland and the kids first time to any Disneyland. We pre purchased our tickets and included the meals to take away the extra cost of meals during the day. Worth the extra. Kids enjoyed it and I'm pleased to say we didn't have to wait too long for any of the rides, benefit of going during the week. Took the MTR there which was fantastic
I had some time so I went here for the day and I was very glad I did.   Brought me back to my childhood and seeing all the young Chinese enjoying this place very much.  Highly recommend For couples alone or with children
I have visited most Disney parks and this is a good one, although not as large as the US or Paris parks. There are a good selection of rides and we particularly enjoyed the Iron Man simulator. The choice of food in the park seemed limited with many of the concession stands closed. It was not too busy on a Sunday in May so the queues were not too long. We managed to get on most of the rides during our 6 hour visit.Transport to the park was very easy, we took the MTR and the Disney line by the park was very cute, with mouse shaped windows!
Open at 9:30am for buying ticket and at 10:00am there   s a special lucky guest to open to disneyland gate. It was hot and recommended to bring extra tshirt. Do come early or else you get stranded in long queue. Manage to see goofy, mickey mouse, minnie mouse and donald duck from far. It was crowded but my brother and I manage to play all the game. It was fun roller coster ride and worthy game. From Marvel hero, Buzz Lightyear ride, winnie the pooh, Tarzan and more disney related. Few places still under construction. Bring extra money as gift shops is everywhere and sometime tempting to buy. We didnt stay till late night cause otw back to MRT it was crowded.
My daughters graduated from college; in addition, her 21st birthday and we decided to celebrate by visiting HK Disneyland. Disneyland was suppose to be the highlight of our trip, we were totally disappointed. I   ve visited Disney in Florida and California and thought it would be great to take her to HK. HK was fun, but Disney was more like a neighborhood carnival and not worth the time or money. Would definitely not recommend for anyone over the age of 5 or anyone who has visited Disney in the US.
came to the first disney here in China .expecting splendid rides and service. But, my BF and i thought the entire place was not only secluded, the service quality by some of the staff were not up to disney standards.   Needs much improvements.
Disneyland never fails to amaze me with surprises. There are new rides as I recalled from the last time I visited  Toy Story, Iron Man, Mystic Manor, and the like. However, I am quite unaware about how time quickly skips by. The queues to the rides   almost all  took around 30 40 minutes. And we rarely chance on character greetings   only R2 D2 and Chewbacca at Star Wars. Mickey and Minnie and Baymax is always fully queued or unavailable. :( I think our whole day's worth of visit was not enough. But again, we had fun.
No matter which one you visit, always manages to transport you into a carefree zone. You just never tire of it, you just lessen the coasters as you grow older. The shows, the parades, the treats and the fireworks never fail go bring one joy.Go early, take your time going home after the fireworks to avoid the crowd.
This is our first time to the Disneyland after 13 years since its opening. I like the size of the park for it's spacious but not too big. Every spot can be accessed easily without the need to walk too far. Thank you for all the cast members for being so professional (except for one or two) especially under the hot weather. However, I would like to suggest Disneyland to install misting system in the park before the hot summer comes. It's only May but it gets quite hot already and I can't imagine how it's like in Jun Sep. The hot weather may lower people's interests in visiting the park. I remember that when I went to theme parks in other countries, they have misting system which helps cool guests down. Maybe they should consider that too. Also, I think they should place more canopies along the pathways so that guests can take a rest from the sun during the summer. I truly hope that everyone will enjoy their visits to Disneyland.
We had a very tight schedule so we have to just go for 1 day.  We made the most out of it.  The highlight is the IRON Man.
Disneyland was just as expected. Easy to get to   as soon as you step out of the MTR you are right at the entrance. All the favourite characters were there and some great rides for all ages. It's big enough to keep you entertained and small enough to see in 1 day. Expensive merchandise (as expected) but otherwise a really great day. Even with a lot of people the queues weren't too long. They are very good at entertaining you as you stand in line. It's very professional and runs smoothly. Lost my phone on the first ride and the helpful and friendly staff quickly found it for me. Our 7 year old said she had the best day of her life! It's just a happy place!
If you are looking to do the maximum in one day, this park is the one to visit! It was not crowded at all and the smaller size makes it perfect for doing everything you want to do and do your favorites more than once! Hong Kong Disneyland has many of the same attractions as other Disneylands (Small World, Space Mountain, etc.) and the stage shows performances are top notch!The Disneyland Cast Members are not as outgoing as in other Disneylands (I think due to the culture) but things ran very smoothly.
You can't give a bad review to a Disney park, but if you know the one in Paris u'll find this very disappointing because is too small and with very few atractions and poor shows. It have more food places than atractions. If you go in a easy day you dont have what to do in a whole day. The train for going there is nice because it has windows in a shape of Mickey and all kind of decorations. Overall its nice to spend a day if you dont have anything else to do, but not a must.
Well maintained, not heavily crowded. Max of 15 minutes for each ride. Good restaurants to have food. Had fun whole day.
If you are in Hong Kong, you have visit this park. It is easy park to explore in a day. The lines are short, most of our wait times were around five minutes. Of course, we visited this park during the week in the off season. Iron man, Mystic Manor, and Big Grizzly Run were my favorite rides. Nice food options but the stand for Fish and Chips and Chicken fingers was closed near the Grizzly Run.
Plan your activities before hand, based on your time. Enjoy each rides, shows and have fun.   We went there yesterday morning before the gates open. We were satisfied and fulfilled.
Disney characters are adorable most people spent their childhood watching Disney movies. We went there on China National day and crowds are full, have to long queue of each attraction around 30mins 1h30m. Even for take photo with Mickey & Minnie. To be honest it was not ours best trip, we will visit again next time not on China public holiday.
We went to Disneyland Hongkong in the month of September in year 2013 and I must say it was a very nice experience especially when you are with the kids. Kids really love this place. It was very hot and humid though so we just could not bear the heat. One has to wait almost for an hour in the long ques to take a ride on a swing. your kids can get pictures clicked with the famous disney characters. water and food is very expensive inside. Even the Disney toys are damm expensive but you wont get them outside, so just grab it if your kids wants one. There are few free water coolers so you can get your water bottle refill. In all a nice experience but choose the best month to visit Hongkong else get wet.
It was nice. Especially the Mickey   s philhar magic 3d show was outstanding. The forest river boat ride was very nice too. The fairy tale garden was a very unique concept. The tree house walk was also very attractive. The pooh and the lion king shows were nice too.. please remember that they give fast track time bound tickets free of cost at the attractions so that if you come at that particular time for that ride you do not have to wait in the long serpentine queues. But they do not mention it anywhere so be sure to ask their personnels standing outside the attractions. The train at the entrance of the park takes you through the park and you can get off at Fantasy land Area to explore the various attractions there. But there are huge lines for boarding this train so be prepared for waiting in long queues in this hot weather before you can board this train. Its a small world attraction is also very cute especially for young kids. There are some thrilling roller coaster rides too. The food banquet hall in the Fantasyland area has some good indian food and also has some nice veggie options. The afternoon and late evening carnivals are real fun to watch for kids and adults. If traveling here from hongkong or kowloon please use the Mtr as that is the mist convenient and fastest mode of transport to and from Disneyland
I think this was my second time in a decade. I am a single guy in my 40s with no kids so not my usual place to hang out. I went this time as overseas friends were visiting amd they have a 3 year old.Because their child is so little, there were lots of rides we couldn   t do. Compared to other Disneys around the world, Hong Kong was always going to feel very small. But it suited me fine, no queues as it was a week day and I was beginning to get a bit bored and tired after 4 hours, but we had kind of gone around it once.Food is average but very expensive but expected. I had a good enough time and I think a lot of parents would also enjoy the fact that the place isn   t huge...
This is my 2nd visit to Disneyland. It is predominantly for young kids. They have introduced a new roller coaster which is superb. RC racer in Toyland is also thrilling. Avengers ride is very nice with the 3d effects. The castle is under renovation till July so no fireworks and laser show. Also the Parade at 4 pm was not very big and nice. Getting vegetarian food is a challenge as only few restaurant serve veg food within Disneyland. We reached Disneyland via MTR and the metro from Sunny Bay to Disneyland is very nice. Overall Hong Kong Disneyland misses the Disney charm.
Not as good as the LA one but heaps to do for little kids and a few decent rides for older thrill seekers.
Now I'm a huge fan of Disneyland in Anaheim, but it's hard to compare. HK Disneyland is much smaller and somehow lacks a little charisma like in California. Certainly worth an afternoon outing, but it could be better.
We had a great time at Disney, although in our late 40's we still had an amazing time. Very well organised.
Visiting Disneyland was like meeting all your childhood friends. Characters you loved growing up are all around you. The best was Marvel characters also included.
We went just after Christmas with the family and it was fun, although not too big compare to other Disneyland still plenty to do and kids loved it!  Definitely recommended especially for the children, its Disneyland :)
We went before they raised the prices last year.  This time around I put my foot down!  Not as extensive as Florida
Easy to reach by MTR. It's a somewhat smaller version compared to Disneyworld in Florida, but is as much fun! Park is clean and well maintained and has a lot of shops with Disney merchandise. When we visited the park (weekday) it was not that crowded and also the waiting times for the attractions were okay! They have also the parade at scheduled times.
Bought a 2 day ticket and there was't even enough there to fill a day. A waste of money. Bought food vouchers snd it was hard to find snything worth while eating. It was extremely hot and very little shade in themes or between them. Not a patch on the original disney theme park in Anaheim. Only a couple of rides or attractions that match the original. The merchandise was extremely ecpensive. The best thing about the park was the staff. Most were very helpful and pleasant.
It's an excellent place to rekindle childhood and bond with family. Don't miss out on the parade as well as the fireworks.
This was the only reason visiting HK with family, and it didn't disappointed us. We were around group of 12, with 5 kids in the group. Liked most of the park, and what I liked most was, rides were not too risky or adventurous, and were quite easy for the kids. I felt, 1 day is sufficient, as I did most of the rides and stuff, and saw evening parade, which I feel is must see. Next time, Disney Land Paris...
had one day pass at disney during the week arrived when it opened ( not on purpose) not much waiting time for the rides we went on would recommend for all ages we found one day was enough but we didn,t do all rides
It's a place where magic begins as the sayings! It is a wonderful experience so many theme parks and lots of fun. I enjoyed the mosts were : IronMan experienced like a real ride with Iron man as he battles, it was intense and you will feel you are in it! And Mystic Manor, magical & whimsical experience, very colorful and musical and fun. Feels like I was brought back to my childhood. The shops were packed with disneyland stuff to buy. The line to take pictures with the characters were very long!!The restaurant's food were ok, usual burgers and fries but they closed at 4pm. Wish they're open till the Disneyland closes. Only drinks you can buy by the side walks. Its a long walk around the theme park so bring along or you can buy on the spot umbrella, sun visor and water. It was a lot of sweating for us as it was summertime but the experience is worthy!!
We can take the food pack the food properly and keep it in the bag security person checks the bag randomly we indians cant eat the local food what we get there take enough food ........
It was my dream during my childhood days to see a Disneyland. Now, my childhood dreams comes to reality. Me and my friends recently got here. I was amazed by the beauty of Disneyland. The area is so huge. The rides are free. You can see a lot of souvenir shops as well as restaurants too. Since its summer, there are lots of group tourists and locals around. Better be early or you can go late in the afternoon. Better bring water bottle, extra clothes, hats, towels too. The scorching heat of sun rays is unbearable so use umbrella if you have sensitive skin.Sadly, we were not able to see the Disneyland castle up close because the area is under maintenance and upgrade. There is no fireworks display. But they have this parade (festival of lion king show) right before the disneyland close. Overall, Disneyland is for all ages. Highly recommended it especially to the childrens.
Compared to Disney and other parks in USA this asian version of Disney is a small and modest park.Considering population and increasing wealth of the area, considering also the awakening of Chinese people for entertainment, I would think this should be the greatest park of the brand, or the greatest ever....Hope they have plans to explore this amazing market with outstanding attractions
Guys few tips to use it effectively  1. Travel by MTR, it saves time and cost2. Go to Fantasyland first and start early in the day3. Keep Winnie the Pooh show till very end after 7 PM when queue gets smaller4. Visit in weekdays5. Very few food options for pure veg in the park, eat something filling in breakfast
Must do activity with kids if you are visiting HK. Spent two full days here and thoroughly enjoyed our time. There are some really nice rides, you get to meet lot of characters, did Jedai training which was fun and in the evening projection show and parade is not to be missed.
The Iron Man ride was pretty new and it was amazing. However what my friend and I enjoyed (and will always enjoy I guess) is The Festival of The Lion King show. Watching the performers sing and dance is something that interests us. The fire exhibition thrills us to the bones! My Magic Access Pass truly has an awesome purpose!
We travelled as a family consisting of 5yo, 7yo, 15 yo, adults in our 30s, 40s and 60s. We went over several weekdays and no problems with queue wait times  the longest was Parachute Drop (20mins approx) and we really should have gone on this one earlier in the day, as it is a notoriously longer afternoon ride wait.There are just so many Character Meet n Greet opportunities, it was fantastic.Do not miss the beautiful Fairy Tale Forest!Weather: Humidity ranged from 75 95% and temp 24 31degC. Some days were sunny, mostly days were cloudy and some with light showers. There was probably only 1 day we could say it 'rained'.We had small plastic bottle sprayers that we pre filled with water and left in fridge the night before  it was so refreshing and cooling on our really hot days.Another great idea I had read on the disneytourist blog, is to use small gym chamois type cooling towels. These were fabulous to have  I bought ours from Target for $5aud ea, they really helped in the warm weathet. The night before, wet the towel thoroughly, seal off in a tied sandwich freezer bag and put in fridge overnight or for a few hours. During the day as towel dries out just wet it again under a cold water tap.I suggest downloading the Disneyland Hong Kong app (great for map, character times, queue wait times the Park has limited WiFi)With two parades, three shows, an evening Light Projection Show in Main St (instead of fireworks whilst Castle is under maintenance) , approx 17 rides things to see plus numerous Character opportunities, at the minimum I would suggest a 2Day ticket. If you are staying longer, look at a Magic Access 12month pass)  most of our party purchased a Silver Magic Access Pass (no weekend entry) and we went 3 4 different days. We didnt have to rush around and we got to do our fave rides more than once or twice.The Silver magic access pass also gave 10% disc on merchandise shopping and 10% off at character dining and sone general dining in the Park (or had meal deal free drink kind of offers).Fave rides? I would say Iron Man ; Runaway Mine Cars and for my daredevil brother it was Hyperspace Mountain. But we really did love most of them. Glad we got to see Festival of the Lion King, as this is about to change to Moana show.We had 2 (cheap) strollers we left in the stroller parking area many times , no problems there with anyone stealing them!Because we went to the park on weekdays, we had no issues with long wait times (plus we tried to do the popular ones earlier in the morning eg Parachute drop) .We tried to ask the children which Characters they REALLY wanted to see eg their Top 5...otherwise it can be time consuming (not to mention exhausting in the hot sun) spending lots of time queuing up. I found it beneficial to check Character times before we left and noting down the times and location on a piece of paper, spread out throughout the day based on their 'must see'! We started queueing 5 10min before so we were in the line several times we arrived 10 15 mins from the start time and they had already closed the queue due to so many people. Mickey and Minnie seemed to have the longest lines.We dined at The Enchanted Restaurant at the Disneyland Hotel  it is approx 15 minute walk from admission gates of the Park. We absolutely loved it, we dined mid week 5:30 7:30pm and from around 6:00 7:15pm we had Mickey, Minnie, Goofy and Pluto. They come separately to every single table and the official photographers come too. Their helpers will also take pics with your phone and cameras. And the food! The variety was beyond belief and delicious. And dessert buffet, (see below pic) oh wow! Soooo good, highly recommend.
A good effort but doesn   t really get close to the real deal. We visited out of curiosity but were a bit disappointed. Not really that entertaining for couples or families alike if you have experienced the real USA version.
The experience would be excellence if not for the super hot weather. We forgot to bring along sunblock and we got sunburnt after our 2nd day in Disneyland. We went on a weekday and the queue wasn't too long. There wasn't a queue at the IronMan experience when we went over in the afternoon. There wasn't a need for Fast Pass at all. It was a pity the castle was under renovations when we visited, and there were not many theatre shows. No more Golden Mickey show, and the show replacing this was closed. The best food for lunch dinner would be at the Royal Banquet Hall. The Japanese Ramen set with chicken wings is value for money!
Its a hyped park nothing as compared to the Disney in US or Paris . Ocean park is 1000 times better . Most of the rides are silly and in uncovered areas which can be difficult in summer . They don   t allow outside food and water but even when we are ready to pay exorbitant charges for lunch they provide a set Indian lunch which is tasteless and moreover we don   t have a choice . You have wait for at least half an hour in queue even for lunch !!!! Some of the rides were closed and there was no fire works on the day we went 14th May . Considering that fireworks are the must see , there was no announcement anywhere about its cancellation . Strictly avoid in summer and also during weekends . Don   t buy two day pass as one day is sufficient . Visit only if you are not planning to visit the US Disney otherwise nothing to talk about this one
Hong Kong Disneyland has the potential to be a really fun place, but it seems management is more concerned about cost cutting than guest experience. The park hours of operation are very short compared to Disney in USA. When they open the park at 10am, they don   t open the ENTIRE park. They open in sections which makes no sense to me. There are many outlets that have limited hours which makes it hard to even find a place to buy water.Come on HK Disney   focus on the experience of the guests. Don   t be so cheap. There is still some Disney magic here, but it could be so much better if management would focus more on the experience. Perhaps they should take their own family to experience it from the guest perspective and then they would realise how it is.
Disneyland Hong Kong truly is the one of the best places on earth to go and see . You don   t even need children to have a good time .it was just my husband and myself.
If you are fan of Disney then this is a MUST go to place. Best to go during the weekday as weekends can be rather jam packed. Lots to do and see, and rides to take.... quintessential Disney experience.
I went to the original Disneyland in 1955 as a child opening year. There is something about main street that is such a happy place. This property is very small by Disney standards but as seniors, we were treated to all the park has to offer for a whopping entrance fee of $12 US. We rode the important rides and enjoyed the perfect weather. Get there when it opens to avoid the crowds. It's easy to get to by many transportation methods. We didn't find much to eat in the park? Perhaps the restaurants are all at the adjacent hotels. Naturally, the Disney standard of great staff and spotless grounds was evident. I saw lots of kids having a great time and we got to be kids again too, The Sleeping Beauty Castle was closed for renovation so check first if this is important to your family.
place is easy to get to by MTR and switching lines at the Sunny Day station, we went to the most upscale hotel that looks like the grand Floridian. we were very impressed by the vibe and the relaxed pace at the hotel   spacious, clean, all disney themes.
Disneyland is just amazing and a full of life. Everywhere there are Cartoon characters. There are kids & cartoon shows everywhere. The rides are simply enjoyable for adults and kids of every age. Amazing restaurants and kids shops scattered everywhere. In short a BLISS.
While nowhere near the size or grandeur of some other Disney venues, and not having the standard fast track, we decided to pay for a private tour for the two of us and our 12 yo grandsonWhile not cheap (not so bad if more kids to spread it around) it was a great investmentStraight to the front for each ride, front row for all entertainments, and for the scary or energetic rides the guide went on them with our grandsonFront row in separate area at the start of the grand parade and reserved seats for lunchAll in all 4 hours but saw and did everything we wantedHighly recommend
We had taken a two day pass but didn't come the second day as it can be easily covered in a day. Ocean Park is definitely more exciting than Disney. Also if you have visited Universal Studios, you may be disappointed with Disney.
We   d been to Tokyo Disneyland and now HK. Was fun, a bit disappointing the castle was closed. Bring an umbrella, rain, hail or shine.
The place is well connected through the MTR (Disney line), which is a great way to start off the experience. The MTR train is Disney themed. The Disneyland station is cute! The Disneyland is not huge, but it is a good way to spend the day. There are many activities for kids, but not so many for adults. But just going through all the different parts of the park will take up a good amount of time. We went on a weekday and did not need to wait long in queues, so it was good that we did not buy the express ticket. The souvenirs are expensive, so be prepared.
They aren   t many Disney lands in Asia, but Hong Kong   s definitely an experience you must have. Not big as the others in America or Europe but got all you want and need. Unfortunately, there aren   t too much exciting facilities for grown ups yet.
If you have kids or looming to enjoy a sunny day in HK head over to Disneyland. A great outing indeed. Fro the time u set foot off the MTR which is customised as well for Disney......U will be entranced by the song and dance . The gardens peaceful and serene.
Usual Disney experience. Quite easy to access via MTR. Luggage place to leave suitcases , great option if you have a late flight.
We've been to Tokyo Disneyland, Anaheim Disneyland and Disneyworld in Florida. This is the least of my favorite of all the Disneyland we have visited. And I can safely say, it's the same for my 8 year old son. HK Disneyland was just too small to be very crowded and unorganized when we went (Spring break 2018). Staffs were unfriendly except the older ones. Very few seem to want to go out of their way to help esp. those who did not speak the language. We were looking for a autograph album for my son and no one seem to either know nor care. Sad. It's also dirty. Lots of trash on the floor esp. the bathroom. People are just too uncaring here including the patrons. The lines for everything was just too long to really enjoy your day. Even to get something to eat or drink. I mean, the line was mostly long in all Disneyland we went to esp. in Disneyworld but HK Disney was the worst. Maybe the lines here just bothered us more probably because people around us was just not happy or friendly. Not at all the happiest place in HK!My 8 year old was initially excited to be here.... but on the second day, I didn't even have to drag him out of the park. He was ready to leave by 4pm which I was not surprise at all. He was bored or a bit in a bad mood already towards the end. There was not a lot of Disney characters around and if there was, we didn't really know nor did we find them because of the unorganized structure or program. The rides was okay. We saw Black Panther and Ironman which was the highlight of my son's day hence I gave this park a 3 stars instead of 2. Lastly, there is absolutely no grand finale here   yes, there's the electric parade but no fireworks (castle was under construction). I mean, you would think they can move it somewhere at least or arranged for something special for grand finale to make up for the lost fireworks... no effort here, really.... which is a surprise   this is Disneyland after all!! Is it? Overall, it was a miss for us... I'm not sure if we would come back here again if given another chance... At of the moment, this visit was pretty  eh ... We didn't regret it all though because at least we can say we did went to HK Disneyland.
Great day out for young and old at HK Disneyland. Similar size to Disneyland Paris and also very well done. It   s really hot here, so make sure you pack sunscreen and lots of water. Shows are amazing! Transportation is really easy. I would highly recommend!!!
Me & my family total visited April 30 2018 it was excellent experience,my both daughter loved so much ,also don   t forget to watch 4.30 pm Mickey Mouse road show in Disney world,also if you   re children are more than 12 years old start discovering Disney world from last point.also amazing is to visit it   s small world
Visited on a weekday in April 2018. Rides have long lines and offer VERY short ride. Some as little as 30 seconds before it stops, but generally 1min. Food okay. Bathrooms okay. The daily closing ceremonies are a waste of time. Love the train to from the park, but very expensive (compared to the other lines). I guess you could take into account that you don't have to pay for parking.
We had a great time at Disney with our 15 month old. The park is much smaller than Shanghai Disney (where we went last year) but I actually like it that way because you don   t waste so much time walking between parts of the park. Really liked the food options. We ate at the Starlite Diner and the Corner Cafe   both infinitely better than food at SH Disney. As to be expected, all the cast members do a great job. We especially liked the Lion King show   it   s a cant miss show. One thing I was disappointed was HyperSpace mountain; it could   ve been much better than it is. Overall, I   d choose Shanghai Disney over HK Disney but HK is still really great and I   d go again in a heartbeat.
We purchased our tickets through Klook and printed them off. This worked smoothly. The castle is currently under construction but the rest of the park is functioning normally. This is a smaller park but with four kids we still didn   t fit quite everything in one day. We went on a Friday and the lines weren   t too bad. We enjoyed the high flying parade at 12:30 and were really impressed by the Festival of the Lion King show. My kids 5 9 all really enjoyed the Jedi training activity show. We tried to eat cheaply at snack stands   they only take cash. Overall a great experience.
Hong Kong Disneyland is a lot of fun , a lot smaller than most but packed full of fun rides a jungle safari and a great boat ride through large caves with all the disney characters singing and performing, it reslly was an enjoyable day and the disney train ride there is pretty cool as well.
Second visit to HKDL   Tips:(1) If you want a picture with Mickey & Minnie, they open Main Street before the park opening and they are together in the gazebo right bast the train station. Even arriving 15 minutes before park opening on a Saturday in late April, the line already took 1  hrs. Line appears deceivingly short   however, people in bigger groups want to take pictures in every fathomable combination, and there are  hidden  family members sitting on benches waiting to cut in at the last minute. You can also interact with the characters for longer than in the U.S. parks., so that's nice, but kind of painful for the people in line that are waiting.(2) Buy tickets on Klook   it's about $10 USD cheaper. Just show the confirmation on your phone at the front entrance, no need to print. Very reliable.(3) Workers do not seem to know about ingredients for food allergies (e.g. peanuts), which isn't as common in Asia as in the U.S.   so just look out for yourself and eat something safe.Overall, very fun park, less crowded than the U.S. Cute merchandise to buy   you can actually find nearly everything in the HK airport Disney Store.
Absolutely loved our visit here, really enjoyed being big kids. I   ve never been to any Disneyland before, so when I was told this was a small. I was taken aback, as there is plenty to do and as it was a week day, there were virtually no queues for the rides and we got the benefit of the full experience.Overall, I highly recommend a visit here.
Disneyland is the Happiest Place except for buying souvenirs and stuffs . But I can say that this place will make you make you want to be a child again . A place that you should not skip on visiting while you   re in Hong Kong. This is my 2nd time to visit but still I can   t get enough of it. The experience of singing with the casts while they are dancing and you dancing and swaying with them. And that feeling of disappointment when you got the unexpected selfie with pluto but the camera was in a 10s mode
It was definitely worth going to for a day if you have small children. The access by the MRT was phenomenal. It was well laid out, but the size was much smaller than the other Disney properties. Lines were non existent, that was fantastic. I think 10 minutes was the longest wait time, so we never minded when the ride was a dud since we did not wait long to go on it. It was still expensive, but not as expensive as those in the States. We were through the entire park on all the rides by early afternoon.
Very small but a good experience of Disney. We went on a Thursday and longest que for rides exhibit was about 15mins. You could prob see it all with the major bits in about 6 hours
Was in Disneyland Hong Kong with a group of 9 of which 5 were teens.The show which all of us liked was the Lion king show which was extremely well coordinated with various dance ballet forms incorporated along with fire show and trapeze with tableau. It was rich in color and vibrant in art.The other event all enjoyed was the grand parade at the end of the day.The disney chatacters were all displayed on tableau and the sights lights and sounds were simply superb.In between the two were a few rides and roller coasters thrown in which seemed regular to any amusement park.The park in itself was very visitor friendly with helpful staff, good signboards showing clear directions well maintained and clean. Toilets were very convenient and hygienically maintained.Wide choice of food and drink was easily availableOn the whole a good place to spend a day with your teen aged children
If you are visiting Hk make sure to add this on your list! whether you are visiting as a single, couple or with family! The ambiance of this place brings you back all the childhood memory! Family friendly. Make sure to bring a hat or umbrella very hot during summer.
We were a little hesitant in our trip to Hong Kong Disneyland as we had read quite a few reviews stating it was not worth the money. I can tell you that this not correct. Although quite a bit smaller than the American counterparts, Hong Kong Disneyland still delivers the magic. Unfortunately for us there was redevelopment of the Castle (which we knew of going in) which was a shame but the overall experience was great. It had some very unique rides like Mystic Manor which makes this place worth it. Highly recommend for everyone especially those with young families as places like Toy Story Land is a draw card.
i love Disneyland. the shows are world class. you must go to the Lion King show. it is incredible. the costumes are just amazing. get there early though to get a seat. i was amazed at the number of seating areas there. most in the shade too. The jungle ride was so much fun. The parade was great. If you stand near the Pandora shop for the parade there is an interactive show. It really is the Happiest Place on Earth. So many rides for all ages too. The food was priced well too. There is a bit of a walk from the station but nothing too strenuous. A must vist place.
My first ever Disney experience and what a wonderful little park it was. Made me feel like a child again.   Easy to get   with the direct trains.   This theme park does not need a review. It   s a great fun day out for all ages. Avoid going weekends as it can get extremely busy. we went on a Wednesday and luckily was not that busy.   longest we waited for a ride was 20mins.   The lion king show  iron man experience is a must see and the parade with all Disney characters was great fun. its happens x2. Once at 1400hrs and then last one at 1800hrs. A lot of food option and yes there is a HALAL option to.   Make your way to the Express club for traditional Indian options. Overall a good day out for all ages.
We had a grand time at Disneyland. Boarding the train with a Mickey Mouse logo sets all the happy mood for Disneyland goers like us, especially the kids. The parade was awesome, the rides were great! Only we had to queue for like an hour and a half to have a photo with Mickey and Minnie; we were quite lucky I must say for other speactators were not able to make it as the staff had to cut the queue off. We were not able to visit all the attractions in the map due to long queues in the rides and photo opportunities with Disney characters. No fireworks during our visit, we only had the We Love Mickey Digital Show. Overall, it   s always a good experience when you   re in Disneyland.
Great for family. HKG Disney is probably the smallest one of all Disney theme parks around the world, but still great to visit. Crowds have been much more manageable and queues much more reasonable ever since Shanghi Disney opened. Tickets are priced ok .. food options inside are average, but consistent with what you'd expect for a Disney park.
Yes, it's pricey but Dreams have no price tag. I'll share tips to make this affordable. Every kid deserves to visit DL once & every adult must visit DL to become a child again.Why to visit Disneyland hong Kong ?Probably the least expensive of all ( as per my understanding )Westernised, though in ChinaLovely staffMagical interaction with every character.I will emphasize on   LOVELY STAFF  again.. I'm 27 year old & staff played a very important role in making me happy. From getting me first wagon of every roller coaster to personalised meetings with the character to going out of the way only to get me polybags to carry my souveniers, Staff played a vital role. Thank you.Parades are beautiful.Rides are great !!And being the smallest DL, you have to walk a lot less compared to others.Absolutely least or NO Queues at all. Call me Lucky maybe :PWhy not to visit DisneyLand Hong Kong?If you don't care about Disneyland. Or you're quiet short on your visit.USEFUL TIPS   HACKS :Reach by 0930 at the gates, you'll be the first one to hop in.Do ask present staff at every ride for the first wagon, they will definitely agree if you're polite (at the most they will ask you to wait for the next ride).You can make your visit affordable by carrying snacks which are sealed & a water bottle too.Best rides ? Hyperspace Mountain ( Definitely for Star Wars fans & adults ); it's a small World, Mystic Manor, River Cruise ( for kids ); Iron Man Experience & Big Grizzly Runaway Mine cars ( every age )DO NOT MISS NIGHT PARADE.And If you wish to meet IRON MAN, go to Iron Man Tech Showcase ( Most people didn't know about this)CONCLUSION:Yes, I will visit again. And will definitely recommend the same to others.
Very Good if accompanied with Children. I loved the Section, futuristic world, and the toy train which goes around the park
Loved spending my birthday at HK Disneyland. The staff were super friendly and when I went to collect my first time visit badge, I got another badge for my birthday and collector stickers which were a nice treat. The park was nice and clean and on the day I went, there were minimal wait times for the rides. Too bad the Cinderella Castle is under construction but it was still a magical day!
Ive visited Hong Kong Disneyland many times. This time was no less fun!2 adults and 2 kids....9 and 13yo. We all enjoyed the attractions over 2 days. The 9yo probably had the most fun though!Weekend days are much busier than weekday.The only disappointments were probably the food selection and the Theatre. The food seemed a little limited and the quality was OK, but not as good as it could be. The theatre was disappointing as its mostly in Chinese. I get that probably most guests are Chinese, but it just left me feeling rather disappointed (there are English words projected on a highly visible screen however)The highlights for me are (Hyper)space Mountain and Grizzly Gulch Mine Cars, along with Mickey's Philharmagic. Its a Small World is a nice calm cool break from the outside world.The Jungle River Cruise has to get a mention, as the cast members always add a bit of fun and cheekiness to it. And Mystic Manor is goods fun too!If you love non stop ride action, getting fast passes is well worth it on the busier daysI havent been to any other Disney parks, but from what I know this is one of the smaller parks. You can do it in 1 day but 2 would also be fun. Its probably more suited to the younger kids (5 12) but with an open mind, anyone can enjoy!Transport options are plenty, with the MTR popular and easy. Wear yourself out before your flight home with a visit, its only a 5 10 minute taxi ride to the airport at about $70HKD
It is easy to see why Disneylands are in such great repair compared to most theme parks around the world   the prices for everything from entry to anything purchased inside are so over the top, this place makes a fortune with the large crowds that go. The rides, character meet ups, shows, etc are all fantastic. Just expect very long waits for every ride. Make use of the Fastpass rides offered. Unfortunately there are not enough of these though.
Disneyland does not need a review its majestic in every sense. I was travelling with my family and all of us indeed enjoyed a lot. All the rides were fun. However, being a Vegan was something which disappointed me for the first time in my life. Finding veg food in disney is not at all easy, there are only one or two options at max available at the their various food courts. One of them is french fries which I do not like much and the other one is some Chinese dish which I do not understand. The only option left with me was to toss and choose. I guess disney shall work on this considering a lot of Indians travelling to this park every day.Please try to skip the weekends and that is what we did, still we came across 10 15 mins of waiting time before almost all the rides.
Hong Kong Disneyland is a single park and is fairly small but is great fun. It has some different attractions to other parks and the three Disney hotels are within walking distance. Being small, during busy periods it can feel crowded although the locals do not seem to flock to the big fast rides, resulting in shorter wait times. We went in April and didn   t wait longer than 20 mins for anything. One thing to watch is food choice, which can be limited and very limited for vegetarians. The parades were good and easily visible without the US obligatory 1 hour saving spaces! All in all very much worth a visit. If thinking of visiting for more than 1 day take a look at the annual pass that may be better value
Although Hong Kong Disneyland is known as the smaller park I still loved spending two days here. I would recommend to do the younger kid rides first such as Pooh's adventures as these ones have the longest lines later in the day. The two main rollercoasters were always less then 10 minutes wait so don't rush to do these. The Lion King show is a must see! The songs and performances are next level with the majority in English. The parades are also magical and even without the castle it is a great experience for friends and families. Minimal vegetarian options (although the burger in Tomorrowland was great) and I wouldn't recommend the food voucher as it doesn't save you much money and limits where you can eat. Bonus of staying in a Disney hotel is that you can get express entry through bag check and the entrance gates.
Even it   s not the biggest Disneyland in the world   I loved it! Everything is in English which makes it perfect for tourists! So much better than Ocean Park!
We visited Disneyland on a Tuesday and there was literally NO wait in any lines!! We arrived right before the park opened and was able to walk right onto the rides. It is a much smaller park than other Disneylands but just as much fun!! We enjoyed a nice lunch and the place is so clean!! This is a nice place to take your children for the day while visiting Hong Kong!!
Had a fantastic day at Disneyland HK. Went with our parents for Dad   s 70th Birthday (his choice!). Stand outs for us were Hyperspace Mountain (roller coaster in the dark), RC Racing (not Dad!), Mickey   s PhilharMagic and the Lion King show. Over 65   s get a huge discounted ticket only $100 instead of usual $619   absolute bargain! Would recommend for all ages!
I'm a bit disappointed with my Disneyland trip this year because the castle and Main Street train station were under construction, and they closed the Buzz Lightyear Astroblasters ride, which was so much fun (despite it conking out more often).
If you're an avid Disney fan, Hong Kong Disneyland is a fun way to spend a day during your time in Hong Kong. If you're used to Disney World in Florida, this park is teeny tiny compared to even just the Magic Kingdom in Florida. They have all your standard classic rides with some fun unique ones like Mystic Mansion. There's also some very different food choices at this park which reflect the flavors of Hong Kong and other Asian countries. The park is very easy to get to as it has it's own MTR line and stop. So check it out and have a magical day!
Disneyland can be access via any sunnybay station and then transfer to disneyland train you can purchase your ticket in advance so you can go direct to turnstile mine i purchased via klook and you can show it via your mobile ticket suggest to be there as early as you can so you can try all the rides when you arrive at disneyland hop on the train so they can bring you half the park during our visit the castle is under renovation and some of the theme park is close overall it was a great visit in the happiest place on earth disney land
My husband, my 7yrs old and I loved disneyland. We went in the middle of the week so there were hardly any queues. We are not fans of big & fast rides so this was perfect for us.The jungle river cruise, Tarzan   s tree house, fantasy garden & it   s a small world was so much fun. Whatever you do, make sure you stay for the night parade
We went to celebrate our daughter's birthday and boy did she love it. The park was well managed, the staff (cast members as they call it) were everywhere to help and suggest. The Philhar Magic and the Lion King show were amazing for the kids. The kid did every ride but a must try is the Iron Man adventure, Grizzley bear train ride and the parades that were nice. Not as big as we were told it will be but overall a fun venue to spend a day or two as a picnic.
It's a Experience to Magical Journey. From India, nearest Disneyland is in Hongkong, so selected this place. We stayed at Disneyland Hotel and visited the park for 2 Days. My daughter loved it. Starting from the room decoration to balloons to complimentary Mickey Mouse, everything was just perfect. Characters at breakfast table, having pic session with them was great experience. Overall hotel was great. Coming to the park, it caters to full family. I cannot do the rides, for people like me also so many shows were there. Great Experience, always will cherish.
We are regular visitors to Disneyland in California and have visited Disney World in Florida. Hong Kong Disney is smaller but worthwhile. This is our third visit. We feel it's great for younger kids as part of a trip to Hong Kong or nearby and for US Disney fans looking for something different yet familiar. These are some reasons why. Queues are a lot shorter than in US parks. Their most popular rides while we were there seem to be in Fantasy Land like Winnie the Pooh. Most other rides were walk on on weekdays. On weekends, longest wait we noted during peak time was ~30min but easy to avoid by going back in evening. We waited no longer than 5 10m for Mystic Manor and Iron Man in the evening. Iron Man, btw, is a simulation ride like Star Tours but BETTER!We also enjoyed the parades, especially the Spring Time Processional which featured different cast of characters like Judy Hopps, Nick the fox, and even Mary Poppins.We also like the variety of foods offered, a lot more diverse than in US parks. Several different Asian cuisines are represented, as well as American fare. This was a huge and fun difference to US parks. Though prices are still Disney high and quality to be expected which is not five stars in execution. Some may not care but bathrooms are important to me! And the few I went into were really clean, cleaner than in US parks. We paid    88usd for a two day pass, which is a lot cheaper than in the US. Even though park is smaller with less attractions, we were able to squeeze more rides in per day cuz queues were shorter. Though note that park closes early at 8:15 or 9:15pm. Transportation to the park was super easy and convenient via the HK subway system MTR. We took the MTR to Sunny Bay Station then transferred to the Disney Themed MTR direct to Disney Resort Area. I will review the resort hotel separately but want to note here that shuttle to fro park and hotel service do have minor areas of improvement.
I live in Orange County, California where the original Disneyland Park is located, and I have an annual pass. So I had to come here to take a look. It's very similar, with some minor differences. It's very clean, everything is basically new, and when I visited it wasn't crowded at all like the one in Anaheim. We took the MTR to Tsin Yi and then took the Disneyland line. It's really cute. The train, train station, and the area are all themed so if you're coming here with kids (we didn't... just adults who act like kids sometimes), it's all part of a nice big show.
It will be better if you download  Park Map so you can explore many things in less time.it was great fun attending both parade's.Food option's should add from management. All staff  was friendly.Most of the rides are for kids.
Everyone is friendly and happy to help. The character greetings seem to be really popular with the (I assume) mainland Chinese so the rides aren   t as busy. That said we did wait in line for at least an hour for a photo with Minnie and Micky. Not as many food options as Disneyland. Parade is good. Didn   t hang around for the evening show.
HK Disneyland compared to others, it's rather small, and the admission fee is not cheap, it's good for young kids, but not for adults, for elderly that reached 65, can enjoy a discount price which is HK$100 for the admission fee. There is a park before the Dsineyland, and it's free and open to public. There is a Disneyland hotel, you can have buffet there, also can have accommodation there, but the price is rather expensive.
Nice experience using the special Disney MTR to get there.  Small but good for young children so they can walk all around the park.  Download the app to get wait time info is a good idea to plan the visit.
smaller in scale and less attractive than the ones in Japan and Europe. but it's still a good place to spend your Saturday or Sunday with your friends or families. i think they stopped the fireworks at night already
This is Disneyland!  Suggested attractions:    Mystic Manor    Small world is a good choice if you like  easy  rides    watch the Lion King show    even if tired, wait for the closing fireworks for a complete experience
I had a wonderful time at Disney World Hong Kong. Although we had some rain early that morning, it all cleared up later the day.I bought a raincoat from one of the shops. Very expensive though (70HKD) for a flimsy plastic coat which I will not recommend people to buy. Rather get one of the umbrellas (178HKD)Food and drinks   too expensive. Noodles for 120 HKD and a Coke for 55HKDUnfortunately I could not see the castle because it was under renovation and construction.But in general, I had a wonderful time and enjoyed EVERY MOMENT of it. This is indeed a must see in HK
I have been to other theme parks but this was my first time on Disneyland. Although the rides are not that adventurous, it was still fun for me. Their rollercoaster did not have some loops but is still a great ride. Highlights are various shows offered around the park like the Lion King, check their schedule so you won't miss them. Make sure to stick around until 8:15pm for the parade.
I have visited disneyland hong kong more than like ten times a year... We hold platinum access membership... It is the most happy place on planet earth... Some might feel it's much smaller compared to the ones the other countries like that of Florida in the states which are huge ...I have visited that one as well but i personally felt it's nice to have all the attractions close by in a park.... Overall it's a must visit attraction when in Hong Kong
This is an amazing place to spend some time for both children and adults. The gardens are brilliant to walk through and the atmosphere of the setting extra ordinary. You need time to explore this gem for a relaxed time out in nature.
Spent the day at Disneyland and had a great time.  Very family friendly and good for all ages.    Not a big park, but had a good variety of rides.
It was the wish of my wife to go there and I thought I would not so much enjoy it. Well, it takes you back in your childhood and it's plain fun. Sure, there are stores everywhere and also the food is really too expensive inside, but you can eat outside between the MTR and the entrance for a quite moderate price. All in all really a great place to be.
Excited games,funny show,wonderful parade,beautiful scenery. The night parade is so beautiful, don   t miss it!
I   ve read all the reviews about this place being small but you have to take this place for what it is, it   s Disneyland. You have to take it all in, the atmosphere, the shows, the meet & greets. They also have some awesome attractions that are unique to Hong Kong like Mystic Manor and Grizzly Mountain Mine Cars. The crowds are nothing like the US parks, I think the longest we waited was 15 minutes and most of the rides were walk ons. The night time entertainment was great and made for Magical ending to our day at Hong Kong Disneyland.
Friends suggested me to visit Disneyworld, but I didn't expect to get back to feel like a kid once again in my life. The price you pay is worth 100%. All the rides are free and if you get there early and in the middle of the week you'll be able to enjoy all the 10 hours. DO not miss the parade at 8.15pm.The only disappointment was the Castle under renovation...
We have 3 children aged, 4,7,10. Great place to go when the kids are this age, you can get round the park in a day. Kids loved it, especially the rides. Make sure you use Fastpass to speed past the queues. Go to the big ticket rides during the parade as that's the quiet period for rides. NOTE you can't take your own food in so eat well before you go as food is a little pricy. Overall a good experience but if you have older kids they'll want bigger and more scary rides. Some activities for the kids we didn't do as they were mostly in Cantonese, which is understandable given our location, such as the Jedi Training School.
Loved Hong Kong Disneyland although it is much smaller than the Anaheim one There was no big queues and the same happy atmosphere Beautiful clean organised park
Disneyland was extremely disappointing for us as our daughter is 11 and most rides suited 8 and under children, not much happens here and the atmosphere is pretty low key. The music that is played constantly throughout the park sends you a little insane after a while.
Great park for kids.  Nice resort and rides for kids.  Grown ups may feel less attractive.   Great food options inside.
Pre purchasing the tourist ticket with a lunch time meal is a good option as the food for purchase is, like most tourist attractions, excessive without the high quality though the food is served in large portions and is adequate. The attractions and displays are fantastic and before you know it you are going around again and marveling at how the time has flown! Well worth it!!
For the tourists who have never been to the Disney at Paris or in the US, one can go here then! If you have been to those places, give this a miss! Not that great in comparison
We keep on going to Disneyland hk. Both my kids live it (4 and 10 years old).The older one especially lives the iron man experience. It's really good. He also loves the toy story land where the rides are for slightly elder kids.Younger one, 4 year old girl, loves the fantasy land and all the Princess rides and stuff. She lives Winny the Pooh ride and the small world journey.The only complaint I have is that the food in all of the park is costly ( even for a theme park) and is not good at all.Their food standard has been abysmal for the last 7 years I have been going there. Having said that it's still an awesome place to go for experience.
Loved it. My 18 yr old daughter enjoyed it like a 3yr old. Line ups were as expected, or better. Only disappointment was that castle was under renovations, but that has to happen at some point. Definately worth seeing & admission price is very reasonable for a days entertainment.
We had a great day at Disneyland. The park is immaculate (after the parade we saw staff hoovering up the glitter with Dyson hand held machines)! Lots to do and the longest queue was 50 minutes so not too bad. Perfect sized park and the metro goes right into Disneyland.Great day had by my 9 year old and 6 year old !
Not a lot exciting if you have visited Disney parks in US but had some similar rides to that of Anaheim (LA) Park. Street Parade was good. No fireworks at night for the time being.
Spent a day here and it was amazing, Had lots of fun though i   m not into extreme rides. Went here twice already but always crowded. Prices here  Are almost the same in UK more or less.
If you   ve been to Disneyland USA, this one won   t be too impressive. But it   s still fun for the kids.  Love the Night Parade.  Don   t visit during the summer months as it is crowded and extremely hot.
This is a tiny park compared to Disneyland in L.A. or especially Disney World in Orlando. It is well designed and has some great rides, like Mystic Manor and Hyperspace Mountain. It was my fiancee's first Disney Park and a good one to start on without being overwhelmed.
I was  there yesterday.  I really liked  it and the parade was amazing, it was  clean, and at night the lights are pretty.
A nicely themed park. Each of the arenas are filled with activity for all ages. The only issue is that there is limited choice of food for vegetarian travelers. The themed park is such that it is not enough even when you spend 4 days. Great experience
Had a day in Disneyland with my wife. We are both in our Mid 50's but we had a fabulous time. It really is the happiest place. Lines were not too bad. The street parade was outstanding. The Disney Train to the park is awesome. A must visit for all those who are young at heart and a bigger must is the Tea Cup ride !!!
Small version of Disney compared to FL and CA. Lines were short as were wait times which was a pleasant change. We were even able to ride the Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars 3 times in a row because of the short lines. Also, the admission tickets are much cheaper than in FL or CA which was a plus.
Was a lovely day at Disneyland hong kong staff helpful and friendly very clean place food was very good to lots of variety to choose from obviously not a cheap day out but well worth as there is not a lot of rides but still worth as i went twice shows are very good to see . Depends where you staying so may have to get 3 trains to get there the leg is on the Disneyland train cute train Mickey mouse ear's as Windows.. Very lovely day out
2 days here is heaps, parades great, but it is not Anaheim...as long as you know that you will enjoy it Easy to get around, rides not busy in April, but go during the week as locals use Annual passes Fri Sun so crowds increase. Can take food and drink in, but keep it to snacks and no problems. Only downside was the staff were not friendly or happy (compared to Anaheim where everyone is friendly and happy).
We have done all the other Disney resorts so it made sense to do this one as well. If felt odd.....Disney but not quite as we know it. Having said that, it was much quieter than any other Disney we have visited so queues etc were very small. Our daughter really enjoyed our visit.
6th time visiting in 10 years. Staff were friendly and courteous as always. Lots more activities and attractions on offer than when it opened. Saw some new attractions being built so it looks like there will be more to see with their expansion.
We went here at 11am. It was a hot and humid day. We got our tickets for entrance and meals. We went around Star Wars, It's a small world, ToyStoryland, Adventureland, Fantasyland, etc. We enjoyed the Jungle River Cruise. It's so exciting we almost got wet! We had lunch at the Banquet Hall. Different choices of food. We left at 5pm.
It was good. Hong kong to me has one of the most easiest train route to everywhere. For Disneyland, there are halal stores for muslim. I bought advance meal coupon from klook. This help me save a lot. Just remember to show it to them upon entering. You have to redeem it before entering Disneyland.The Night show was just average to me.( The projector show)
Hong Kong travel is not completer without Disneyland. I felt like I was a kid again. Very good for family and friends for a day tour and fun activities. Lovely just lovely! Whole day here is like a whole new world of fantasy, love and happiness.
I was visiting with my five month old baby and had a toddler too. I only went for rides with no height limits. We used our priority pass to skip the line for the slinky dog ride. They let us sit in the ride then because their dad was with the toddler and did not get a cart behind or in front and we wanted to sit together, so we got off and waited for the next turn. Once we waited for the first round to end, we were told because they gave out the bone tickets for the round after, we had to wait one more round. So we would get on the third round. Finally, it was our turn then the staff proceed to say my five month old has to sit by herself on the seat and not on a lap, I got angry. I waited there for three rounds and even sat in a ride cart and not one staff says a word about my baby on my lap. Then when I was about to sit next to my family and enjoy the ride they tell me I can   t have my infant on my lap. She can   t even sit by herself. They did nothing but say she can ride if she sits by herself and that plenty of babies ( pointing to toddlers and pre school aged children saying those babies can do it, why can   t mine) as if blind to my child   s small size in comparison. I asked for a manager, while waiting the staff that let me on the ride then kicked me off ran away to hide.If they told me when they saw me in line they should have said something then everything would have been fine. I waited in front of their eyes and even sat in a cart and three rides later they refuse to let me board the ride saying no lap sitting is just a waste of my time and use of my priority pass.
We have been to Walt DisneyWorld, Disneyland, Disney Paris, Tokyo Disney and when in Hong Kong had to add this park to our list. We were used to the massive crowds, long lines and wait times at each park. With tickets ordered online, we were ready to experience the Hong Kong version. We went on a Tuesday morning and to our surprise there were no lines. The most we waited was ten minutes! The overall park was considerably smaller than the parks in the U.S.It's a Small World ride was a lot better than the rather boring ones in the U.S. The Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway MIne cars had a twist but won't spoil the surprise! We loved the Mystic Manor which was similar to the Haunted Mansion but more interesting. Toy Story Land was great and had cute rides. One of our favorite showcases involved a large book with characters portraying scenes from popular Disney movies. Some of the songs were sung in English or in Chinese. Translations were on screens which was great. The restaurants were much better at other parks. Overall, we had a great time and would recommend if you are a Disney fan.
I   d been to USA Disneyland so knew this would be much smaller and it is. Extremely long (45  min) wait for 3 min ride did not impress us. Add to this the air pollution on the day we went was classed as    extreme    3 times that in Beijing which we only found out when we got home. Wondered why Disneyland wouldn   t close in days like this? Don   t buy food from here unless you have to   very expensive and poor quality fast food. Parade was the highlight.
We visited HK Disneyland last March 30, 2018. When I was still planning our trip, I felt that the price of HK619 per person was very expensive. Good thing, I made a research and was able to purchase discounted HK Disneyland tickets in HK Airport   China Travel Service for HK 530 ticket. When we were in HK Disneyland, I realized that the price I paid was worth it, given the fun & enjoyment my family experienced there. The parades were amazing. My favorite ride was  It's a small world . My father who is 74 years old had fun too. It was quite challenging for him to line up. The shows plays were great. Great job Disneyland. Thank you for our wonderful experience there.
I was there 3 times last year. I like the theme park and its stunning playground. But the way to queue up can be troublesome for the person who must wait for long time.  Well the fireworks are beautiful!  Best regards,  Dr. Vorravee Pattaravongvisut
Rides suitable for teenagers and children, can be accompanied by parents as well. Place is beautiful and people continually take really nice aesthetic photos everywhere here. Most of us grew up going to HK Disneyland and we still feel happy whenever we come again.
We went early in the morning however it was probably the worst time to go. I would recommend going in the afternoon and if you   re ok to skip the parade then that   s the best time to go on the rides as there is little or no lines! Going in summer with kids is challenging but no matter they still enjoy it and it   s worth it for the young kids.
Must do activity for sure if you are visiting HK. lots of activities for kids. Lion King show is must watch.
I first came her back in 2007 shortly after just opening. The place has really gone through a major overhaul since then. The place was clean, attractions were very good, and the food, while being expensive, was very good. The castle is undergoing a major renovation, but it most likely needed it. My visit was during the schools Spring Break, so it was abnormally crowded for a Tuesday, but the cues were still tolerable for most of the rides. Toy Story Land had the worst cue times, all over an hour and no FAST PASS options. I really liked the re themed Space Mountain to Hyperspace Mountain and all of the Star Wars characters.
Wow, I took my family (wife and 2 children aged 2 and 7) Both my kids absolutely loved Disneyland Hong Kong, in some ways better then Paris. managed to go on every ride apart from the 4 or 5 that were for taller kids. You can meet with Micky, Minnie, Pluto, Donald, Goofy Timon, Rafiki, Baloo bear, Woody, Buzz Lightyear and others, my children were so over the moon when meeting and taking photos with all characters, this was not available in Paris Disneyland (only Mickey). Best rise was roller coaster Star wars galaxy, The Iron man simulator experience was brilliant.i went on a good day, the queues were very short. For the price of the ticket it is worth it. I visited both Disneyland and OP, they are both great and easy to get to by Taxi or MTR.
Extremely disappointed that given that we paid a lot of money for the tickets and when we arrived, the castle was closed due to refurbishment. My daughter was most disappointed. Advance warning would have been good or a discount on the tickets as the full park was not available. There is also no clear indication when the characters come out to do the meet and greet and often it   s by chance! Iron Man simulation ride is definitely worth a visit!
This is the ideal Disney for young children, (aged 2 8ish). Even our 2 year old could get on most rides and nothing had a queue so they could keep going round and round as many times as they liked. The park is small but pretty and with that Disney magic feel. The fireworks display was wonderful and a real highlight!
My 5 yrs old princess were so giddy to meet Elsa of Frozen but to her dismay Elsa and Anna are not always in Hongkong Disneyland . They only visit the park few times per month...how disappointing. When we visited the park they were celebrating the Easter Carnival and the number of guests makes the park almost congested. For every attraction, the queue is a minimum of 15minutes. We weren't able to maximize our visit, a lot has been change since my last visit a decade ago. I am longing for a friendly ambiance not the type wherein despite you are clearly in line a kid will suddenly push your kid, lack of discipline among visitors guests are very obvious.This time didn't see much of mascots except from the parade.
Visited this place on 10th April 2018. Unfortunately, Hong Kong Disneyland decided to undergo some major renovation to the main building photo op area, the Cinderella Castle, at this time. Can   t postpone our visit here coz we   ve already bought plane tickets & booked hotel room 3 months beforehand.Even on a weekday this place is terribly crowded. The lines for taking photo with Mickey & Minnie Mouse was ridiculously long. Spent more than an hour to do so causing us to not able to go for some of the rides by the end of the day.My advice is to go here sometime 2023 onwards when their last addition (some new Marvel themed attraction) is scheduled to open.
Every visit is a great experience. It was our 4th visit and there are always something new to experience. Tomorrow land was the kids' favorite. It was great for Disney to include Star Wars and Iron Man experience. Though food is more expensive now compared to 3 yrs ago, there are also more to explore. One day is not enough to experience all the rides and attractions. Two days is a stretch and we were still not able to see everything. Tired feet but priceless smiles and wonder was well compensated. They never wanted to get out of Disneyland. Definitely a place to bring your kids and kids at heart.
If you love Disney and Disneyland parks, yes you will still love it here as Disney just has that touch of magic. But if you   ve been to Orlando Disney parka in Florida and expect it to be of the same standard... not at all! This Disney Park is very small! The iconic sleeping beauty tower that is the central heartbeat to every Disneyland looks like it   s been put in the drying machine for a bit too long and has shrunk on every side! The fact you cannot are the castle from anywhere in the Park unless you   re in main street USA just tells you how small it is! If I am honest the park entry was far too expensive for what you get in return. Especially as they have now stopped the evening fireworks and there are not a huge amount of bigger rides and shows! Even worse because at the moment the main castle is under construction so is boarded up so you can barely see it even more so now! However, as my wife and I are still huge Disney fans we still ending up having a fantastic day on all the rides, watching the shows and parades and of course walking down Main Street USA singing along to the Disney music! As we went on a weekday too not in peak season the longest we queued for a ride was 20 minutes! Most rides we went on was a 5 to 10 minute wait! Perfect!
It   s awesome. One should definitely visit it. They have exciting thrilling rides. Kids will definitely love it. There is Disney parade which one should not miss it. Someone visiting HongKong has to visit this place
Hopefully I'll have the chance to visit here again. I was gutted I left my GoPro at my hotel. I was in a terrible mood the day I visited as I wasn't supposed to even be in Hong Kong. My connecting flight to Bali had been cancelled and I had to stay in Hong Kong for a few days. MY GOD I'm glad I did! This was amazing. Genuinely better for thrill seekers than Thorpe Park or Alton Towers. Some of the rides were truly incredible I was surprised they let 5 year olds on them! My personal favourite was Andy's race car. I went with 4 strangers who were supposed to be on my flight to Bali too   I made lifelong friends!
Went to Disneyland with the entire family and for 2 of our kids, it was their first time. We enjoyed immensely and stayed til the Parade. Only thing missing was the Castle which was under renovation therefore no fireworks :( we'll save that for another trip back
One of the very few Disneyworlds on the planet. Especially accessible to tourists from this part of the world. It would be a grave mistake to assume that this is for kids. Its for the inner child in all of us. This is awe inspiring, jaw dropping and all the other superlatives rolled into one. Get into the mood and become a child for a day. Does need maybe 2 days to completely see this park.Must visit!
We just got back home from Hong Kong. Disneyland was great but some constractions. It is little smaller then one inParis but it has lot to offer. It is just diferent. Great parades. Good was ok. I would go again.
After already being lucky enough to go to Disneyland in Paris, Orlando and Los Angeles I don   t think it was ever going to come close to them but felt I had to at least give it a chance while I was there. Park tickets were cheaper than the others I had been to but the experience didn   t compare to the others. Food and drink was pretty expensive too. A bottle of Coke worked out to   3.70 and an Ice Cream (Best part of the day) was   4.50. The castle was so small too which I think they have now realised as they are redoing it which is causing some distribution to the park with boards up all around it. I   m glad I went to say I have been but I don   t think I would be recommending it.
My wife and I visited Hong Kong Disneyland in March 2018. It was not terribly crowded and its compact size made it easy to get around to all the attractions we wanted to experience. Also, the fact that we stayed at the Disneyland Hotel also made it convenient. There is a Disneyland local train the connects with the local subway system, making a trip into Kowloon simple and inexpensive. Our favorite ride was the Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars. All of the Cast Members at the Park and Hotel were very friendly and spoke English. Being senior kids (over age 65), two day admission was less than $22 US. What a deal!
Alot of awesome attractions and activities for kids. Some good places to eat and when the queues are short it can be fantastic. The park lacks a little bit in terms of attractions for adults. If you love Disney then you'll love it for sure.
Not impressed, hardly any characters around, well organised and staff friendly, but not what we went for........
We visited here whilst on holiday in Honk Kong . Were were staying in Monk Kok easy to get here on MTR and only 2O Hk dollars. Last part of journey is on a Disney MTR. If you buy your tickets from Klook on line it will save you 8% on ticket price and will get you straight in. We went on a Monday and the park was very quite walk on to Mystic Manor which is superb big grizzly mountain which was superb walked on three times.Hyperspace mountain only had five minutes que as did Iron man experience and it's a small world and jungle cruise . The only think not so good very expensive food and snacks and not much choice at park . Also lots off characters walking around for photos .If In Hong Kong highly recommend .
Second time in Hong Kong Disney, will go yet again! The street parade at the start of the day is in one word  Spectacular  The characters and cast are really so into their performances, it makes you feel like you're watching a real princess prince  Tinkel Bell. We also once again loved the Lion King show, so colourful and energetic. They are currently renovating the Castle , so no fireworks show at the end, but the electric light show made up for that.
We had a very enjoyable day out at HK Disneyland. The highlight was the Star Wars ride and the grizzly gulch ride. Early in the morning and later in the evening wait times for rides are 20 30 mins however early afternoon they were well over 50 minutes. The park is very clean with lots of stores and refreshment stands throughout   considering it's Disneyland, prices were not too bad for food and drink. I just wish the park felt more Disney   no characters wandering around as they are in their own sections where you have to line up to get a photo. The parade at the end of the night was nothing special and the music playing wasn't Disney themed.There are also no fireworks anymore and the castle is currently being renovated. Overall a very good day out, but could still be better!
As seniors we were able to get into HK Disneyland for $17Australian. Although this is nowhere nears as big as other Disneyland it is still worthy a visit.
targeted for the younger kids, there was a couple of awesome rides for the adults, starwars ride and the grizzly bear right both roller coasters no loops though.
We couldn't do the majority of the rides which was a shame as each ride had a minimum 50 to 60 minutes waiting time.
In HongKong, I have met Chinese friends. They are so cute and they take me around HongKong Disney. It is really beautiful, you know, my friends taught how to play those games in there and then I tried my best to be the winner. It was so happy at this moment. I really love HongKong
had an amazing time here. Day well spend. You can easily block 1 entire day for Disneyland. Went with a 4 yr old but most rides were suited for the toddler. Buy tickets online for better deals
The MTR directly to Disneyland Hong Kong is the best way to reach the park.Be aware at the long queues for entrance, even if you purchased your tickets online. Again, long queues for everything inside. Sometimes you questioned yourself why they don   t set a maximum number of visitors per day.. the night parade is a must see! Love it!Toilets very clean!Kids and adults having fun all day!
Went to Disneyland on a the Wednesday before Easter and found that the crowds were not as bad as I was expecting. The park opens at 10.00am however some of the lands within open at later times. The Disney app is worthwhile using as it has real time waiting times for the rides and attractions and also a GPS enabled map to get you around however as there are only wifi hotspots unless you have data the app will drop out when there is no wifi. Make good use of the FastPass options as this can save time in queues but remember that you can only have one pass at a time and cannot get another one until after a specified time which is on your ticket. Plenty of food options available and souvenir stores and carts are everywhere. Stay for the Disney Paint The Night Parade at the end as this is well worthwhile. Get a position at the end of Main Street and watch the parade come to you. Also lets you get out of the park as soon as the parade has ended to get to the station ahead of the crowd. There were several areas under maintenance on the day that I was there however still plenty of other things to see and do. I had a great time and would recommend kids (and adults) of all ages to go.
Disneyland around the world still gives off a magical vibes despite the size! Sleeping Beauty's castle was cordoned off for maintenance so that was a bummer but apart from that, all rides are open. I went in during the opening time and I left before 3pm after finishing all the rides I wanted to take (which is the adult ish rides)Around 2pm, queues were forming so if you guys wna spend half a day in Disneyland, just head there early.Also, HK Disneyland has a mobile app which is very convenient so you don't have to hold on to the park map. That app tells you the waiting time of the attractions, entertainment, dining and shopping etc. Pls download it!
Hong Kong Disneyland as I think is the smallest Disneyland in the world. Its very crowd and everything need to queue for an hour. The price of annual pass is increasing but its better can go on weekday which not crowd as weekend. The games are nice but begin dirty now
Always wanted to visit disneyland. What a place! everything is so magical. Jedi Academy was an amazing experience.
We spent 1 1 2 days here and had a great time! The queue times were quite short waited 20 mins at the most both days. Our boys are 7 & 12 and their favourite rides were Hyperspace Mountain, Iron Man, RC Racer and Mystic Mountain. We were on these many times! We had purchased some kids meal vouchers from Klook which ended up being a waste of money. There are only a few locations you can use them and only 1 meal option at each so not a lot to chose from. So would not recommend these vouchers. There are a number of eateries at the park and the food was good. It's a great day out for a family!
For our 18th wedding anniversary, I decided to keep us local and to take my husband and our 2 teens to Disneyland. In the past we've gone to Macau for the weekend. We've lived here in Hong Kong for over 10 years and had never been to Disneyland, so it was well over due.I splurged on connecting rooms in the nicest resort, and they did not disappoint. The view, the spaciousness, the service, all Top notch!We were very well taken care of in the Kingdom Club, though the resort did not cater to relaxing adult time. If we wanted to have a cocktail before dinner, we had to sit in our room. The Sea Breeze lounge by the pool was closed the whole weekend, and so drinks by the poolside meant going through room service and it took 30 minutes. And ordering drinks at dinner, including Cokes for the kids, needed to be very strategic as it could take upwards of 15 20 minutes. The whole resort seems very accustomed to a mainland Chinese clientele, but we could tell the manager was looking after us to make sure we were enjoying our meals. The sense of playfulness and whimsy about the place is infectious, so we all really did enjoy our time there.All in all, I'm glad we went, but for the price, we could have gone to Thailand, to be honest. We had a lovely time, everybody was very nice, and the hotel and our rooms were gorgeous, but there's no desire by either of us to go back again.
I visited this place with my family. The children had the most amazing time. The first time we visited was on a weekend and it was really crowded. We visited the second time and we scheduled on a weekday and it's all worth it. The parade was awesome! The floats are designed grand and costumes are really amazing. Everyone is happy!!! The most awaited part was the fireworks display, lovely. It's well recommended for families with children. Must visit during winter. Avoid during summer because it's really hot!!!
You are never too old to enjoy the wonders of Walt Disney. However, Hong Kong Disneyland does seem to cater for a younger and less thrill seeking visitor so for those wanting big rides and thrills at every turn then this may not be the place for you. Only purchase a one day pass as this place can be easily done in half a day and remember that the weather is hot and humid so beware! The queues are relatively small, in fact we walked straight to the front on nearly every ride but I would suggest getting there at open time to avoid any queues but more importantly, avoid the temperatures. Make sure you check out the times for meeting the characters. We were rather surprised by how accommodating the characters were in the sense that they spent a lot of time with each visitor or family and happily posed for numerous phones and cameras and various poses. We would suggest getting in the queues for the characters at least 10 minutes before but the queues for Minnie and Mickey are long so get there early!
The Disneyland was true enough smaller than the rest of the Disneylands. Queue guide was good. Usually shorter than what they stated. Good for kids above 8. We went on the new year eve and there were street performance. Toilets are clean. During meal times the place are CROWDED.
Given several visits to Disney   s US based attractions I was generally impressed with their Asian version. Rides stayed true to the originals while paying a bit of homage to new ideas....we absolutely loved Hyperspace Mountain, Grisley Gulch, and It   s a small world. Very easy to get around and I think they did an exceptional job of making sure the attractions were still enjoyable for those who spoke any English.Only complaints are that I found their WiFi to be very spotty and slow, which Impacted our ability to use the app, and the times listed on line lengths were very inaccurate.The folks on Disney   s property seemed to implement Disney   s traditional atmosphere of hospitality....the same can   t be said for the transportation segment on the way there....we found the bus driver to be very disinterested in answering a simple question...A good experience overall....not as good as the original but a very good representation for Asia.
From the metro rail that takes you to the Disneyland with Mickey ears for Windows to the magical giant door entrance to the Disneyland, this is where dreams come true! Children or adults, everyone has something to do. Each Disney character has a space, music, rides and even dressed up live characters in some cases. The evening parade is like life enters these characters and then ends with fireworks over the Disney castle! I can never ever forget this experience and I would say this is something of a must do once in a lifetime if not every few years! It changes you. Makes you happier and cheerful!
Let   s just say you pay and good luck to you! Employees have no Disney Magic, food is horrible and the are rude and don   t care. Don   t spend your money. Super small and is currently under construction.Trip not worth it. If you want to enjoy Disney highly recommend Orlando Florida Disney World (love it been there 3 times in 5 years) Animal Kingdom is great for kids. Epcot has the best food. Water park so much fun. or Disneyland in California ( was a pass holder and it was worth it).
This Disneyland is smaller than others I   ve been to but the lines were shorter too. Less walking and I didn   t get as tired. Staff as great and the kids had a great time. Some rides were different from what I   ve seen elsewhere but the change was nice. We really had a lovely time!
Our Trip to HK was going to visit Disneyland. Me and my daughter was had so much fun and exciting. We love it there. Busy but that's not bothering us,we still enjoying the time.my kid was very happy that the main thing. Negative: only just the Castle was Closed
Spent a great time with family. Kids are excited to be there.   Purchased 3 in 1 meal voucher but just redeem for lunch. Few restaurant not available for dinner.
I have been to California, Florida and Tokyo Disneyland, I got the most unpleasant memories in HK Disneyland, first at all, many rides were in maintenance, for instance the princess castle and Winnie the Pooh were down, that   s not worse to pay full price with major activities down. Secondly, not so clean in HK Disneyland, you can see beverage cans everywhere. Thirdly, NO FIREWORKS.
For hardcore fans, I don   t have to say anything, they will go no matter what I said. But for the other, a few tips: First, check if it is a long holiday in China such as labour day in May, national day in October or Lunar new year in around mid Jan to early Feb. The place will be all packed withChinese tourists.Second, IMO, please don   t go on a hot summer day (which is like mid May to early Oct) It is so so hot and humid. Imagine waiting in line with bunch of sweaty people all day.Well, that leaves us on Nov, Dec, March and April, which you get the best weather, less pack.Third, buy the fast pass even if you are going on the months I suggested. Without the fast pass, you and you group will basically wait in line pretty much all day probably only making 2 3 major ride.
Perfect weather to visit Hong Kong Disneyland. We enjoyed walking in the theme park. The rides are fun and safe. The queue is long but fast moving. We enjoyed the Iron Man Expo the most.
Really have a magical day . Wow the punch word , practise what they preach and make it so magically. Really enjoy the experience there. The boat ride was so much fun, the lion king singer is so clear sharp voice, the Winnie Pooh ride was cute, love the it is a small world ride
Its awesome for kids.. Okay for teenagers because not so much thrilling attraction.. Not too good for seniors because its waaaay too big place to walk for seniors... Unless u use wheelchair (they rent wheelchair for 60hkd and 120hkd for stroller..) We go there at friday.. And the queue for every attraction is waaaay too long... Cant imagine how it goes when its public holiday.. Overall its okay..
We went there March 31,2018. I was with my 6 yr old child. When she saw the stormtrooper mascot she was very excited to go there. We ran towards the stormtroopers and she happily raised her hand and waiting to be called. They were pointing out children or couple who will have a chance to have photos with them. My child kept on raising her hand and we were there standing for almost 20minutes. My child didn   t want to go until she was called. But I   m so tired and so I told her to go to Storm Troopers directly thinking that they will allow her since they kept on grabbing couples    who didn   t wait there   , children who just    passed by    or children who doesn   t want to have photos with them but apparently she was turned down by that stupid Storm Tropper assigned on March 31,2018 around 4pm. For just taking a photo with my child who   s only dream was to go to Disneyland made her cry because the mascots wanted to just grab people who didn   t even    wait   ! Isn   t it that HongKong Disneyland is really for kids and they think that it is the    happiest    place on Earth and staffs should make everybody happy?! That stupid Storm Tropper made my child cry and hurt her feelings! It was ok if we were rejected because we didn   t wait there for too long. But we did! We waited Soooooo long! We waited more than 20minutes for just a photo to make a child happy. With just a click and less than a minute they can already make somebody happy but that stupid Storm Tropper rejected because they wanted those who didn   t WAIT. If we were celebrities they would allow us fast but we were not! I suggest to have a new policy with the mascots! All the mascots should have a line to take photos and everybody should have a chance especially those who    WAITED   . we paid so much more that we deserve that right to have a photo with whoever we want. Hong Kong Disneyland hurt my child and I want everybody to know it because they can   t take it back again!!!Calling out HongKong Disneyland Management fix the attitudes of your mascots! Or make new policy on taking photos!
We are big Disney fans with kids 7 & 10. Having been to Paris & Florida, we were desperate to go here amidst a trip to a few Far East locations. We stayed at Explorers Lodge Hotel which was fantastic, 15 mins walk to the entrance and free fast passes for each night you stay.The park is like a typical Magic Kingdom with extra Toy Story land, clean & comfortable, plenty of hidden Mickeys & pixie dust. Mon & Tue are quiet days but after 1pm lines are between 30m   1hr, until then no more than 20m.Highlights   Gruzzly Gulch (Big Thunder Mountain), Mystic Manor & of course It   s A Small World.Prices for food & merch not bad, no worse than other Disney parks and relatively good compared to a sit down meal in HK.If you love Disney, you must come here.
Hong Kong Disneyland is what you would expect from Disneyland worldwide   well decorated and several various theme parks. The hardware is there as it   s standardised globally   however on the soft services, I find it difficult to have rests in between rides (the wait for each of the rides could be as long as 30  minutes). Not that many vendor choices for quick rests. Number of washrooms are available but some require lengthy walks   so not the most convenient for children of younger ages. Majority of the resting seats in the parks are fully exposed under the sun without shades so it could be easily sunburned if visit the park without hats or umbrella. Majority of the F&B stops do not offer A C (but is open air) so it can be unbearable during heated summer time   do come prepared with light clothes and umbrella, hats, sunglasses and sunblocks. We already tried to beat the crowd by being the first to arrive the park, but more than a dozen tour groups arriving with large tour buses also planned the same and their stops are immediately in front of the park entrance whereas for private car park guests would need to walk further to arrive the entrance   just be mindful to wear very comfortable shoes as a lot of walking is required during the entire visit.
It   s expanded a lot since I visited 5 years ago but mainly a lot of experiences and eating spots. The weather was hot and the food was so so but the kids still had a good time going on all the rides from tweens To young kids. There is a lot of walking from one end to the other made a little more inconvenient because it   s so far and fantasyland castle is closed. Would warn people not to buy any food outside the park even though it looks like a Disneyland sanctioned store with people wearing Disneyland clothes. Because you won   t be allowed into the park.
Stay till late for the light show & parade. Easy accessible by the MRT. We stayed at the hotel during our visit. Just like the other Disneyland, plan your rides n get the fast track ticket for the popular rides.
Having never been to Disneyland before I think I just expected it to be bigger and grander. I think if I was 5 years old then I would have thought it was amazing. It looks a bit aged but they are obviously doing work on things as Sleeping beauty   s castle and a few other things were all closed for renovations. It   s not cheap but not overly expensive either. The rides we did go on were great and the street parade was fun. We got there at 10am opening and had walked the park and were done by 1:30 and had ridden a few rides, there really isn   t that many. We went on a Monday so didn   t have the massive queues either. I think if we had gone when our kids were young we probably would have enjoyed it more it certainly is a place for small children.
Visited in march with my 4 year daughter, she really enjoyed , as kids of her age have plenty of attractions , and all age groups can enjoy the Disneyland,
It was one of my wishes to visit disneyland and i was thrilled to visit it with my daughter. You are transported back to your childhood. The rides, characters, shows and mesmerising. My daughter loves the disney princess and we met almost all of them she was in a dreamworld. We had already met the characters in enchanted garden so we had enough time to see all the shows and rides. You need 2 days here to fully enjoy the park with kids. The experience starts right from the the disney mtr at sunny bay.
We recently had our family trip, 3 generations in one group.Kids were of course, blown away with the idea that they're spending a day in HK Disneyland for one whole day.New attractions we saw this time was of course, the Iron Man Experience. It reminded me a lot of Star Tours.We would never ignore our family's old favorites of course, the Mystic Manor, Big Grizzly Mountain Mine Cars, and Parachute Drop.
you can find good rides in other amusement parks, but what really put Disney over and above the competition is that they're master storytellers and Disneyland lets you enter into of that world. it's spellbinding to kids and to adults.the only problem is that it's expensive. whether it's worth it or not is a bit of a subjective call. but it's pretty clear to me that Disney didn't cheap out here.
A wonderful place to visit. It   s connected very well by the metro. Food is available: different cuisines definitely. I would recommend planning 2 days to visit if you want combine the     bibbidi bobbidi boutique experience     for your daughter. The rides are amazing. There   s definitely lots to explore.
It was fun to experience Hong Kong Disneyland, since I am a Floridian and have been to the Disney parks here in Florida many, many times.HK Disney has a lot of the same rides that the Orlando park has. Even the jungle ride cast member delivered the same joke that they use in their US parks. I love that you can get Dimsum and other Chinese food here.I enjoyed the parade. I loved the green toy soldiers, they marched perfectly to the beat despite their big leg piece and green paint. It was really a fun trip!
This park by far is one of the best Disneys to visit.  There were crowds but we did not ever feel as if we would miss out on a ride or attraction we wanted to see.  The Mystery Manor was one of the best attractions...More
It was pretty exciting to be there. You can spent hours just wondering about and the queue is very long to take photos with disney characters though. Not much of choice for food though and it is very expensive.
It was our fourth different disneyland park and the kids always love it. it is the smallest we have visited so far but the kids just love it. we spent five days and they kept going at lots of attractions multiple times.In march the weather...More
I just can't afford to pay those prices for a family   regardless of it being a one time experience!!!  The time we visited was when the prices were acceptable   and the park isn't that great!
Just 20 minutes from central Hong Kong, HK DL is a very floral and delightfully small amusement park. There are many unique rides and attraction only found at this park. Don   t miss Hyperspace Mountain; Mystic Manor, think Haunted Mansion meets Night at the Museum; and...More
I have been to HK Disneyland for the third time and it never fails to thrill and amaze me and my daughter every time. We usually get our ticket from Klook because we can get a good discount and it's fuss free and very convenient. Our...More
Hong Kong Disneyland must be a 60 70% of the L.A. Disneyland,and at 60 70% of the LA.Price, but it is absolutly worth going,   It has very litle of chinese ambient, i thought they would use this a bit more.  We went there on a weekday in...More
This was one of the best experiences of lifetime .My son and I had an awesome time.There were a variety of rides not only for my son but also for me.
Will never get tired of visiting Disneyland over and over again.   Looking forward to the outcome of the ongoing renovations
We visited Disneyland on 22 3 18. The kids had the absolute fun! Quite disappointed to find out that the castle was closed for refurbishment. The queue was quite long for most of the rides but we queued nonetheless. Husband enjoyed the iron man 3D experience and we all loved the light parade
I visited Hong Kong Disneyland during a week day and it was not that crowded which allowed me to enjoy the visit. One whole day trip ticket includes entry to all the events and it is not that expensive. Small World, Train ride, Boat ride, Roller coaster rides (even though I got freaked out!) are worth enjoying. As to any other Disneyland, the most interesting part is to attend the Night Parade. There is a day parade in the afternoon and a night parade with illumination. Unlike Tokyo Disneyland where one day visit may not be enough, we can cover almost all the rides in Hong Kong Disneyland in one day. Worth the visit.
A very busy day,the theme park can be easily seen in one day you probably don't need a two day pass unless you have a family and you need the time for the kids.
The last time I came here was when I was 10 and 13 years old. Since then, the park has improved drastically and received a lot of renovation. I think that the park looks really amazing and new now. Sadly, this time when I was there, there were no fireworks and the castle was under renovation. Other than that, the rides were really fun as well and I had a lot of fun there. The decorations were really interesting and neat too. The toilets were pristine and clean. I loves the overall experience.
My 1 year old nephew enjoyed exploring disneyland. I loved my stay with my family and will visit again for sure!
Yes Park is small and underwhelming but the rides themselves are more often than not as good or better than Disney Orlando which I   ve Been to 20 times as they are newer and more modern takes:Everything is scaled down ..Main Street ..Castle (which is actually a bit of a sad attempt ..almost a paper cutout effect)Again park is small an underwhelming but worth a day is you have time to knock it off your Disney. bucket list
Breezed through the gates but long lines at every show and ride. Staff were alert, attentive and professional. We enjoyed the rides, the shops and shows but not the crowd. The castle was under renovation too.
We almost went to all Disneyland parks and must say we like the one in Hong Kong as well. It   s the smallest of all but still very nice for a day. There are some things under construction (like the castle), so no firework show. But luckily there were still some parades and a lightshow. We had a very fun day!
This is our 2nd stay with Hong Kong Disneyland. Over the years the place has never disappoint us. The hotel is highly maintained, clean, shinning and happy. We highly recommend the Club Room as you will get priority passes for whole family (we finished all the main attractions in half a day thanks to these passes). The club lounge is also really great with a lot of food to choose from for the evening canap  s and breakfast. They have the mickey waffles and cookies !!The room is huge with a spacious balcony with very nice view of the sea. Just feel like sitting there for hours sipping coffee. Unfortunate the outdoor pool was closed and will reopen in April. They have a very nice slide for the kids. We spent a lot of time playing by the maze and super spacious and soft grass. Simply love it.
Best place to go to if you want to feel like a child again or have children accompanying you.  A good experience although I was not very happy with food outlets and options, more continental food would be appreciated. Rest was superb!
Though it's much smaller than Disneyland Tokyo it's still a very worth and excellent experience. It's even better that you don't need to rush for the rides.
Disneyland is beautiful, magical, enjoyable!!! u relive ur childhood here...fantastic rides, great plays really staged well. The evening parade is just simply awesome.
Had a great day at Disneyland Hong Kong even allowing for the fact that their was torrential rain for first hour. Then it cleared and we had a great day I   ve been to Disney Paris and Florida and this would be smaller but still enjoyable ..We went at the beginning of the week so not to crowded. Shows and parade were good . Easy access on mtr . The earlier you go the better we were on the first group of people into the park which meant you were first for all the very popular rides. All in all a good day ..
Not much of a Disneyland. Pretty disappointing. Go to Tokyo Disneyland instead. Tokyo Disney is the best.
Yup. Not the happiest place. It's just too crowded that it's hard to approximate even a tinge of happiness   well maybe just for the adults. But I used to love the shiny and bright atmosphere of the original Disneyland in Orange County which one does not find here. Service is non existent, the toilets stink and the food choices are just awful. Yikes lemme outta here!
On the last day in Hong Kong before flying home (at midnight!) we decided to make the most of our time and visit Disney land. We are an English couple in our 30's and arrived and opening and left at closing after the final parade.It's very easy to get to on the MTR or by taxi   we stayed in Mong Kok and it was $200 (about   20) in a taxi and we got the train back which was about   5 for 2 people.There was plenty to see and do for all ages and the park is a really nice size where you can see most things in 1 day.There aren't many thrill rides but the RC Car and Starwars ride were nice and fast and we went on a few time. Nice surprise was the Madhatters tea cups where you can manually control how fast it spins   probably my favorite ride of the day.Food options were really good and lots of things to buy. Fantastic way to maximise our last day, had a fantastic time.
HKDL is a small park and with the construction going on, feels even smaller. It's a good park for families with little kids, or if you just want to tell people that you've been to Disneyland.We were there over a weekend in March. It wasn't very packed but it was quite busy as it was the start of their Springtime event. Most of the rides wait times were around 20 30 minutes, with it being noticeably longer on the Saturday. The park still uses paper fast passes, and only for a few rides. They make nice souvenirs though, so you can collect and keep them instead :)The rides and shows can be done in one full day but if you want to do the character meets, it will take you 2 days to cover everything. 2 days tickets only cost a little bit more than a 1 day ticket.Iron Man Experience was interesting, I liked that it was both in Cantonese and English. I'm not sure if they had multiple versions like in Star Tours. And it really made me want to eat dim sum.The best reason to visit HKDL : there is halal food and a prayer room available. The variety of food has increased and now the Main Street Marketplace (the little snack shack in between the Main Street Bakery and the Chow Tai Fook jewelery store) is also certified halal and sells (wait for it) HALAL TURKEY DRUMSTICKS. So friends, we must support, OK?The park sells meal vouchers for a discount, and while it looks like a good deal, I find it quite difficult to eat 2 square meals as their meal portions are sensibly large. Fortunately, we had Magic Access which offered a 25% discount off dining, and used that instead.The fireworks show has ended since the castle is being torn down, and instead they do a projection show down Main Street. Mickey makes an appearance at the end of the street near the central gazebo and we love the Mickey shaped confetti.Unlike Tokyo and Anaheim, HKDL opens later, which is nice because you can sleep in. There is a priority entrance for visitors with Platinum Magic Access and hotel guests, which is nice because the lines are always shorter.
We visited Disneyland as overall we were not impressed. We have been to most of them all over the world and this was the most disappointing. Lots of the Park is closed off. The castle is tiny. There were only 4 good rides for adults (hyperspace mountain, iron man,mystic manor and runaway train) lots of the children   s rides were closed.Most of the restaurants were closed so we struggled to find somewhere to eat. The snacks were limited.The Disney site told us only about rides  restaurants being refurbished. Not all of the ones they just done open! They didn   t even have the park hours on the website.I wouldn   t bother visiting..... it   s a Disney let down
Unlike Universal or Ocean park, Disneyland does not have concept of express pass. However they do issue free fast track pass for certain key rides. Fast track pass kiosk are located besides those specific key rides. you just need to scan you ticket to get your free fast track pass, which will allot you specific time. you can enjoy other rides and come back these rides at your allotted time, without much queuing up. Only catch is, you can have fast track pass active for one ride at a time, so cannot collect token for all rides in one go, but still quite a time saving.
This was our first trip to an Asian Disneyland and we absolutely loved it! It contained every bit of the Disney magic, the shows were amazing and all the rides were good fun! Definitely worth a visit.
This is the first Disneyland I've ever been to so I can't compare it with any other Disneylands, however, I enjoyed this place alot! Wear comfortable shoes and let this magical place take you away! Prepare to spend a whole day here if you're going to visit every single attraction. However I must say, if you don't have kids, I highly don't recommend  It's a small world  attraction. You'll get stuck in there for so long, I was about to fall asleep. Great for children though.
I loved this smaller version of Disneyland. They had some really new and different rides, along with some of the older, traditional rides. We went at the end of Chinese new year and still the lines were not too bad, especially in the morning. I recommend you arrive prior to opening as the crowds were really light at that time of day.Being from the US, it was pretty much what I expected...same Disney feel, Asian food of course which was great. We stayed about half the day and we were able to ride most of the attractions. Attractions like the Jungle Cruise were done in several different languages, you just need to get in the line for english speakers is that's your language.
Way less crowded than in Tokyo but much smaller. The fun rides for teens like Space Mountain and Mine ride had relatively short queues. Iron Man 4d was not bad too and there is a pretty fun ride in Toy Story land too. The rest of the rides are for kids like Mystic Manor but not bad either. Tip would be to go early when it opens around 10am before the larger crowds come.
If you   ve been to the    better    Disneylands in Florida and Tokyo, give this a miss. Be assured that you will be disappointed. It is small, and on top of that, a bulk of it is under renovation.  Not worth a visit.
Well, I'd say this Disneyland is better suited for kids. Perhaps young adults would find a few fun rides, but most aren't very thrilling and more to a ~magical~ cruise swirls merrygoround type of rides.Food are certainly pricey but to be expected.Make sure to visit different souvenir stores inside as they sell somewhat different items at each area.Tip: DON'T VISIT DURING PEAK SUMMER
Was very lucky to be able to spend my birthday in Disney during our visit. We went on a Sunday and it was surprisingly busy considering it was February.Loved how the park was set out and lots of different things compared to the other Disney parks.Mystic manor was amazing also the Grizzly Gulch are was so well themed. The castle was unfortunately boarded up which we knew before so the fireworks were not on the night we were there. Both the parades were lovely and the staff were so organised and polite to everyone.So glad I got to experience the park and would definately recommend for all disney fans.
The Disneyland park is currently undergoing some renovation. Can be quite dusty n noisy. There were many groups from schools n it was so crowded wherever we went. Especially during meal times. No seats and we had to queue for around 45mins for food!No more fireworks since January. Ticket price should be cheaper in view of the fireworks cancellation since it's the highlight of the visit.My son's favourite antique car ride was no longer available... The HK Disneyland is no longer the place that we will want to visit again.
I had been here in November 2017. I felt like a kid all over again. It's a must place for the kiddies. The parade and fire works were superb.
Many places were closed for renovations. However the children enjoyed the new Ironman experience. Long waiting time for most photo shoots & rides. The park should impose a non smoking rule as the guests are mainly children.
I went here twice with my teenage daughters and their friends, both times on a weekend. Amazingly we were able to ride all the rides were wanted, last time even twice a couple of them. The longest wait time was 30min. This is so much better in comparison to Disney in USA where you could stand 60 to 90 min line! Note we do always come early, right after it opens so I'm sure this helps however we stay until about 4pm to watch the parade which is very cute and uplifting. The food is of course quite expensive everywhere but decent. And plenty of opportunities to satisfy sweet cravings with ice cream, waffles, churros and more. Of course there are plenty of souvenir shops to buy gifts for everyone : ) Overall I really like how this Disneyland is compact so you could go around it in a half day, no stress and no huge crowds (of course this is Hong Kong so people are everywhere still but not crazy). Definitely worth a visit with kids or even for adults to just have fun!
A great day out. Lots to see and do for all ages. As in most cases there in often huge lines for popular rides, but they do let you know before entering the time to wait before you can get on the rides. The Disney story time musical is a must see. Food was pricey.
First time coming here with my girls from NYC, we have a wonderful experience, Everything was so nice, my girls very happy,  I try to go back in this Summer vacation 2018
It was a very wonderful holiday after I had a competition. The rides were very spectacular. The favourite snack there was a squid with chili. The ride areas were very clean. The servers were very professional and very kind. It was a little bit crowded inside, but the Disneyland show was very wonderful. You should go there, trust me you will be surprised to see all the spectacular views. Anyway, it wasn't too expensive to get inside.
If you have kids, awesome. Then it   s a great park to to go. Not so big thou. But if you   re older then 10 12. Don   t go here...
As expected HK Disneyland is a smaller scale than DisneyWorld but it still has the iconic Disney layout and attractions with a local twist. Don   t miss Mickey   s Amazing Storybook show. Although it   s worth the visit, it   s interesting how being a    foreigner    changed our overall experience.
Small, with just a few major rides, but clean and beautiful. Well organised, efficient. On the day we went, a Tuesday, it was not too busy. However in consequence, food stalls and some rides and shows closed up at 6pm, when the park was officially open to 7:30 the day we went. Also, there was a lot of construction, with the castle and several other areas cordoned off. I estimate 10% of the park was closed, so not happy to be charged full price, added to the early closing of stalls and shows. Not to Disney standards. But otherwise great atmosphere, and running smoothly. I noticed that some of the electrics on the light parade were not working, so the park could use some maintenance. That said, toilets very clean as we're the walkways.
We   ve been at Disneyland Japan to compared it with, and obviously this was not as good. The queuing line to take pictures with Disney characters took almost 2 hours, way overprice meal and not too many options for attractions has made our visit shortened to couple of hours only.
Highly recommend you go and visit during Chinese New Year   it was fantastic! Lots of pictures on my Instagram @DisneyDuckLover if you want to see!
Visited yesterday amidst great anticipation as our last visit was two years ago and we knew there were some new attractions as well as some old ones we wanted to revisit. Checked the website not much info. Reached there day started well at new Star Wars attraction and iron man show but soon discovered attractions like mystic point supposed to be brand new down Down due to technical error and Lion king show was also closed and toy story parachute ride was also closed. Mind you these are all star attractions! How can a park charge full admission when three star attractions are closed??!! This resulted in crazy queues by mid afternoon bec each ride show you can imagine should have been able to take a few hundred people off the track at each point!!! We left by 430 after the parade bec the crowd had gotten to the point of ridiculous. Sure people can fit into the park but with major rides closed this is not fair to paying customers flying in from overseas!!! A partial discount or meal vouchers should be offered when more than one major attraction is closed. Disappointed and unlikely to come back again.
In all fairness, we went during Chinese New Year holiday.The Cinderella castle was closed for repairs.This one is considerably smaller in footprint & variety of activities.Didn't seem they integrated the Chinese culture into the design & execution, it's very similar to the one in Orlando.Food offerings were good & diverse.Ticket price was reasonable.Very convenient transport, used MTR the whole way from Hong Kong island.Food stands take cash only
One of the popular tourists spot in Hong Kong. Kids will enjoy everything even if it is tiring to walk in this place. A lot of things to see
For someone who is an avid Disney fan this park was disappointing. It   s too western and shows no oriental culture. They don   t even celebrate Mulan. The castle on mainstreet is miniature and laughable compared to Paris or Florida. Two small rollercoasters, no fast speed thrill chasers. There were no parades on and lots of things were closed for refurbishment. It lacked the Disney magic you feel in other parks.
Now I know why its called the happiest place on earth! It was easy to get to coming from the cit and I loved the train going there. Only downside is everything was so expensive!
Hong Kong Disney is a must for Disney fans. It is very easy and inexpensive to get there by subway and to transfer and ride the special disney train is a delight and it stops at the front gate. This park is much cheaper than the parks in the U.S. and senior citizens get even a better deal.
Went with family during Lunar New Year week and was pleasantly surprised to find that it wasn't too crowded. Didn't wait for more than 30 minutes for any of the rides. I kept hearing how it is smaller than other Disney's around the world but it had enough rides and attractions to enjoy for a full day. We went when it opened in the morning and stayed until the very end of the parade and was not bored. Also loved the fact that we were able to take photos with Mickey and Minnie dressed in Chinese costumes, although had to wait in line for almost an hour for that.
Very nice place to go by subway for a day during visit to Hong Kong.In our case was last day excursion and best way to say bye to our southeast vacation trip.It is not big park but good attractions and was posible to enter several times to best ones.We really enjoyed journey.
Had so much fun here!! Bought our tickets online to skip the queue and highly suggest for you to do too as well! Go for the reliable ones! I also suggest to dedicate one whole day for this attraction as there are lots of rides and attractions to see!Rides wise, I think the ones who would enjoy them the most are young kids as they are not as intense as those from Universal Studios, quite obviously.
Loved, loved this park. Can easily get round it in one day and had rides that no other Disney park does   just a shame Mistic Manor wasn   t open.  If you are in Hong Kong and like Disney, this is a must!
It   s Disneyland ! Though compared with the LA or Tokyo ones the Hong Kong Disneyland is a much more scale down version ; with a smaller park area. However it works perfectly when you have a younger child as it is not as tiring for younger kids. The lines were not as crazy compared to the bigger parks in LA and Tokyo . We had been able to try out most of the rides even though we start our day about noon and the park closed much earlier compared to the other countries. As we stayed at the Disneyland hotel , it was just an easy stroll or shuttle back to our room after a long tiring day out at the theme park.
I last visited HK Disneyland 3 years ago and I already noticed the changes before. It was not as happy as before compare it 10 years ago when my wife and I visited. I missed the time we first visited where in people are all smiles and very helpful. That you can ask anybody anything about the park and they are all smiles and happy to help you. Disneyland HK has evolved into a commercialize theme park.
This Disneyland, is very similar to others, but it is on a smaller scale. Having been their twice, both on relatively crowded days, we still only spent less than 6 hours there, including lunch to cover most of the popular rides and attractions. Of course we could have stayed longer if we wanted to hit every ride, but because of the relatively smaller footprint and repetitive attractions from other parks, we spent most of our time checking out those things that might be a little different. Food is not very good at all, from any of the three restaurants we tried. It is still a great place to go, but don't expect to be wowed by the experience if you are Disney veteran.
The tickets for Disneyland seems to increase. Rides there are more for children. The roller coaster are not scary as well. I like Grizzly Bear and RC racer. The souvenir shops are packed with people and it's quite expensive. A pen cost over $10. I'm a huge fan of stitch but there isn't much stitch apparels ):Well, it is a great place for family. It's smaller than the one in Tokyo as well.
We went here late last year and I was a little disappointed when realising the park only really caters for young kids. My family and I are all above 16 years of ages and found we just got really bored instead of having fun.
Rides are pretty much catered to young children, not so much for thrill seekers.If you prefer thrilling rides, you can visit Ocean Park theme park. FYI, I   m a thrill seeker.Rides I enjoyed in HK Disneyland are: Big Grizzly Mountain (indoor roller coaster) and Space Mountain and RC racer.A pity they stopped the fireworks beginning this 1st Jan 2018.
The usual over priced theme park experience, especially the food.   The queues are really long and not much fun to stand in on a scorching day with no shade.  There were about a hundred souvenir shops which were   you guessed it   over priced.
This is a manageable sized Disney Park great for younger children. Very manageable in a days trip with queues at again a length that younger children can cope with. The rides are great and varied. Only criticism is the quality of food available, very poor We visited Orlando Disney the following month and were very disappointed and could not cope with the queues and scale of the parks. Hong Kong gets my vote for Disney
We always can be happy if we inside disneyland area.. full of happiness over there.. all the staff very kind.. the music was the mood booster.. my little son was so happy playing around disneyland.. so many attractions and so many disney figures.. never been bored go to disneyland..
Not as big as expected but will definitely consumed your entire day. You'll definitely feel young the moment you step foot on this place. The place will channel the inner child in you. :) Every rides attractions will stop during the parade and will resume operations after. Do not miss the fireworks show too.Expect the food and even the smallest item in their gift shops to be pricey. You cannot bring outside food snacks inside the park. The cheapest bottled water you could buy in the park is located at the entrance besides a gift shop.
Hong Kong Disneyland is smaller than most Disneylands in the world, but, no matter, one can still have a lot of fun. Disneyland is Disneyland, after all! My favourite part is Adventureland. For Halloween, they usually have it dark and spooky with lots of ghosts and goblins.
Hong Kong Disneyland is not as big as the one at Anaheim but it is still fun! The train system is excellent and easy to use. Definately worth a visit.
What more can I say   Disneyland is truly the happiest place on earth! Despite being opened for more than a decade, the place is still really well kept. The fast pass made our visit a whole lot more efficient and convenient. Queue times were short (except maybe for the phototaking with the characters). Hugeeee variety in the stores which kept us shopping non stop! Rides were fantastic as well. Character interactions were superb. And of course the best part was the parade. We caught the day and night parades and both were fantastically great!
We went from 4 8pm. Parade & fireworks were great. But I   ve heard the fireworks are no longer happening. Food prices reasonable by HK standards for dinner. Good time of day as not so hot, but I have an annual pass so just a few hours is feasible.
You'll feel like a kid again, abit expensive but worth the trip. I would suggest to eat at the fairytale banquet hall (near dumbo) and buy a klook food coupon online, hell of a lot cheaper.
Together with Ocean Park in Hong Kong that make it balance between classics attraction and the Model one. The size is appropriate and can enjoy for one day walking trip. Have resort hotel and restraints inside.
It is not a big disneyland but we love it so much! We all enjoy our visit. Merchandise in their shops are actually betther than the ones in Tokyo. We will definitely come back. The kids love it!
This is the smallest Disneyland in the world, with only 5 worlds (1 was closed during our visit). The line was decent, and the attractions are relatively modern (updated). Would recommend if you're already in HK, but would not make this a destination for coming to HK.
Initially I thought what would I do there, its for kids. I was their because of my girl friend. And Thank God i went there. This place is for grown us too. I was not surprised why kids are crazy fir this. Its a huge set up I must say. I thoroughly enjoyed it. Especially the roller coaster ride. It was great. Highly recommend. I will be back. Thanks
Having been to a few disneys, the highlight for this one are the shows. The Lion King is excellent almost as good as the real show. It is not a big disney, but has many of the usual rides. The food though is extremely expensive and of poor quality. I would get into one early though as queues form early. We went early and had the place virtually to ourselves but it filled up later with queues everywhere. Worth a visit if you have not been to a disney.
Nice place to go and share with the family. We enjoying the games and the activities . For holiday, this place is excellent. Buy tickets along with meal vouchers is recommended, saving money. Although fireworks no longer performed, because of construction. We still had good time. Want to go there again.
This is the perfect place for young ones and young at hearts to enjoy and just have fun. Just a walk and a picture here and there will make your visit memorable and meaningful. Went here with a toddler to breastfeed and I was so glad that they have a dedicated baby care area. Though long lines are everywhere, it is still worth to queue just to take the ride or have a photo. Photopass is included in our package but wasn   t able to maximize it because of the lines. The spookey parade(halloween time when we visited) was not suitable for toddlers. Perfect if you stay at disneyland hotel.
My 3rd Disneyland visit, love a fun day out. Hong Kong Disneyland is of course smaller than USAs. Best adult ride is  The Big Grizzly Mountain  awesome fun unpredictable. You won't get wet. Train only has 1 stop at Fantasy Land then goes straight backto the beginning again. We worked our way from F Land to Toy World, kids go nuts. Then went through Wild West where Grizzly ride is. Tarzans Tree Touse was ok., to get there was a short trip over canal. Not alot of eateries no Down Town Disney here. Small World was really good. Queuing for the River Cruise was frustrating, different entry lines different languages English line took the longest. 1 hour not worth it. Looking forward to our next Disney.
My 4 and 6 year old children love Disney so where better than the happiest place on Earth. My 4 year old is 102cm exactly so we were still able to get on quite a few rides. HK Disneyland is incredibly easily accessible via MTR with a Mickey themed MTR train. But this time we chose to drive and it costs HKD220 to park the car for the day. The roads were very easy to navigate and the car park was near to empty, arriving at noon we parked in bay 5. The park was quite quiet and we had to wait no longer than 30 minutes for the rides which was perfect for us. We didn   t plan our day very well and missed the lion king show but were able to catch all the other shows. Even though HK Disneyland isn   t very big we still didn   t have enough time to get around all of the park. We missed out Adventureland. The rest of the park was well thought out, well presented and easily accessible. The toilets were well placed throughout the park. They were all clean with toilet paper and hand paper was available (locals will know this is rare!). There was also a choice of regular toilets or squat toilets. Every toilet we visited had baby changing facilities. We knew in advance that the fireworks had been cancelled so we weren   t disappointed. We used the time to go on extra rides until the park closed at 9pm. As with any Disney attraction the food was mediocre and incredibly overpriced. We still had some snacks from the many food stalls and also ate the set dinner at the Plaza Inn. The part that made the day really special for us was that my 6 year old was approached by a staff member to take part in the princess parade. For this she was sat in a prime seating area (only one parent was allowed to accompany her) to watch the parade and join in the dance with the Disney princess float. It truly made the visit memorable. Thank you Disneyland HK for making our visit so special!
If you have ever been to Disneyland Paris it is the same but a shrunken down version. The good thing about this is that you can do basically everything in one day. We went and it was Chinese new year. the cast had special outfits and the whole thing was great. It cost around   60 to get in but was definitely worth it.
The rides, shows and parade definitely bring out your inner child. We're in our 40s and enjoyed the day there.  Only gripe would be that given its a Disney Park the entry into the actual park could be a bit more organised and orderly
Went during the CNY period (20 Feb 2018). Over corwded with tourist (which is fine and understandable), alot of rude tourist who like to cut queue. Hope Disneyland management can pay attention to this and disallow such rude and uncivilize action.
We went to hk Disney 5 Years ago and was disappointed but it seems to be a lot better. More rides and attractions. If you don   t have an octopus card, buy a return train ticket as you get off at Disney. Trust me when I say the line can be worse to get out than in . Get there a little bit earlier. We arrived at 930 and had no delays getting into the park.if you can buy (fast pass easy pass) tickets already along with your entry. Yes a little more money but well worth it. Every body has there own likes but the iron man and Star Wars rides are great. Even some of the rides shows that we weren   t really interested in , we went on(because of fast pass tickets) and surprisingly we enjoyed them. At around lunch time  1oclock it starts to get really busy, so be prepared. Food stalls and seats become very busy. My suggestion is to eat very big breakfast and wait until later afternoon to eat
Second time here, mostly because it's just a short plane ride away.Lines can get long, but if you get a package that includes a hotel stay, things get a LOT more enjoyable and more convenient.While at the park, I highly suggest downloading the HK Disneyland App for alerts and maps.
We went to Disneyland Hong Kong for one day in February 2018. We took the MRT from Kowloon and very easy to navigate. Had a good time, but must let any American travelers coming to Disneyland Hong Kong know that it is much smaller than the American version. Currently a lot of construction going on and part of the park is closed. Easy for an American to navigate as most everything is in English and Chinese. Glad I did it,but probably would not do it again.
It may have not been a good year (or probably month) to visit because they're renovating the place and there are lots of attractions that are closed when we were there 2 weeks ago. They also hiked up the ticket price starting January 2018.During our stay, 2 of the attractions that we went to malfunctioned so they had to close it for about an hour or so. Picture taking with Mickey & Minnie also have specific timings and they cut it short very early (around 4:00 or 4:30 PM). I could be wrong but I don't remember them closing it before 4PM on my previous visits few years ago.Don't get me wrong.... Disneyland is still a very fun place to visit in Hong Kong. Parade of the Stars is still one of my favorite events there. Always fun to see the Disney characters. I would still recommend to visit it specially if you have children who loves to go to theme parks.
Disney never disappoints. Disney HK is much smaller than the other Disney   s I have been too, but it   s still fun. We have been multiple times with our three young kids (7,4,2) and they continue to have a great time. Stroller friendly everywhere, changing tables in all bathrooms, and high chairs at all restaurants! Food choices are plenty, but some are different! We always pack plenty for kids to snack on. ENJOY
My husband and I had an  extra  day in Hong Kong and decided to visit Disneyland. We've been to the US Disney locations and have enjoyed them. This Disneyland is much smaller (land in Hong Kong is terribly expensive) but was the park was nice, pure Disney. The attractions are mostly geared toward smaller children but the park is well maintained and easily do able in a single day if you use FastPass. (You get 3 Fast Passes with a general admission ticket). The Lion King theater show was particularly good. Best of all, a regular ticket is about $75 US, and if you are over 65 it is about $13 US. We were even there during the Chinese New Year Holiday and found the park crowded, but no more so than any of the US parks on a holiday weekend.
My girlfriend is a massive Disney fan so I booked a day there. A full day of fun with great shows and fantastic experiences. I recommend using the fast passes when available. Fun for all the family.
Went to HK disneyland with my child, they love the ironman a lot. Places are clean, people is nice. Overall is good experience.
Smallest of all..to what i googled.Still lot of events, attractions , rides and fun places which will easily consume your enture day. You might have to run through to cover all. Or use fast express ir a two day pass.Evening post 7 becomes all the more fun when night parade starts. I visited during the time of new year.If you are going only for rides i recommend ocean park.
Reasonably priced day of fun. You need to get there early and expect 40 minute lines at a lot of rides. They offer a speed pass which allows you to bypass the wait at about 8 activities one time only at each activity. I found it very beneficial time wise.
I'll start by reminding you that all Disney properties are clean, efficient, well maintained, family freindly, staffed by friendly and helpful people, and have lots and lots of Disney magic. All that being said, I found Disneyland Hong Kong to be my least favorite of the four I've visited. Maybe my expectations were a bit too great, but I found that it's a little small feeling, and it seems like there are fewer attractions and definitely fewer shows than other Disney properties. The things that they do have are really good, but we were pretty well done before the sun went down on our one day visit. If it's your only Disney opportunity, definitely go. If you love Disney definitely go. Just know what to expect.
We've been to both Orlando Disney and Tokyo Disney and had heard that Hong Kong was no match for either of them. We went into the park with low expectations. There were definitely some downsides to the park, but for the most part, we left feeling pleasantly surprised. THE RIDESAll the rides are super fun and innovative, and even the big ones have short lines (30 minute wait at the VERY most, but usually 10 minutes). They are exciting enough for the older ones (my teenage granddaughter loved all the rollercoasters, the new Iron Man simulator, and the Mystic Manor trackless ride  so did my 40 year old children, in fact!) but also appeal to the younger ones and have low height restrictions so my 5 yo granddaughter was able to ride EVERYTHING in the park (a first for her). THE SHOWSWe watched a live performance of Mickey and the Wondrous Book. The visuals were stunning, performances were great. Tiana stole the show with Almost There, but I must say that Elsa disappointed with Let it Go, the performer was NOT a strong singer. The dialogue was in Chinese but with English subtitles. THE FOODMeh, especially for the prices  although you MUST try the caramel popcorn! Meal vouchers are a good idea and saved us 12 bucks (USD) and we got 3 vouchers for caramel popcorns with the meal vouchers. I recommend eating at the Explorer's Cafe. THE SERVICEAlso meh, especially after having visited Tokyo Disneyland and WDW in Orlando. People did not go out of their way to assist us as in the other Disney parks. Other guests were visibly cutting in line but the Cast Members turned a blind eye. Overall, it's definitely worth a trip. If you go in the off season, you'll experience short lines and be able to do the entire park easily in a day.
We have been to this Disneyland twice. So, tried all adventures for adults and for babies this time. To sum up: our daughter loved it very much and didn   t want to leave. There is a wonderful attractions for the children of 1,5 4 years as fantasy land, Pooh   s house, orbitron, jungle cruise and many others. A lot of interesting small spots to discover fairy tails. So, if you have children below 6 years old they will love it. For adults I would recommend to visit Ocean park, it if more interesting. Also I would like to note, that it is quite hard to buy healthy food for the baby on the territory of park, we have seen mostly sweets, cakes, etc. so it is better to take something with you. It will be great if some healthy food cafe will appear in the park. Most part of visitors are from China, though all attractions are mostly in English.
The dilemma:Whether to take the two day pass or one day pass? Looking at reviews feedback, I took one day pass. In hindsight, it was a wrong decision. I went with a 8 year old kid and her pace is not the same as mine. With a 2 day pass, I could have covered all the rides in a relaxed manner. The cost of two day pass is only little bit more than one day pass and it is a good deal.Positives:  Paint the night parade is superb.  This was my first Disneyland trip. I realized that Disneyland is not about high tech rides. Much more thrilling high tech rides can be had in any big city around the world. Disneyland is about carefully curated fantasy. It is not to be rushed through but savoured slowly. The 19th century USA ambience is created beautifully with attention to details. Roaming through these does not need any queue.  Once paint the night parade is over, one can return to city by MTR or taxi. There are folks at taxi stand (possibly Disneyland staff) who really help.Negatives:  I wish some people could have taken things a bit more easy. It should not be about ticking away a bucket list of rides, cutting queues, covering most rides in minimum time. I can understand the excitement of kids but I cannot understand the impatience of parents. Why create the unnecessary scarcity mentality?
Disneyland does not disappoint. As it should be, plenty of activities and attractions and rides. However, one advantage compared to Orlando is that it is compact but still not crowded. It don't take too long to walk from one side to the other.
It's a good activity to do with the family but is small, very small. We took the train there early morning to avoid the latecomers and we pretty much went on all the rides by noon. We were lucky enough to not have to wait in line for longer than 30 mins but were told that the queue can get up to 2 hours per ride. I would recommend visiting if traveling with children but would avoid if travelling with teens, there are way better things to do in HK.
Overcrowded and maybe you get to ride on two or three things whilst queuing for hours Get there really early and try and beat the crowds however it won't be for longThey let far to many people in its a real jokeSpend the money and go to The original in Orange County USAMuch much better
When you are Disneyland, you really gotta  fight  with those tourists from Mainland China. They do not queue most of the time. Goodness. They might just cut your queue. But, what to do? Will not stoop to their level. Anws, we are there to enjoy the rides. Enjoyed the fireworks at night. There were really a lot of people who stayed behind for this. And be there early, and choose a good spot to watch the performances. Food is quite expensive over there, but..I guess it's  normal  for such attractions. There are vegetarian and halal options too.
Plan to Disney on 16 03 2018. If I booked Disneyland Hotel, does it come with tickets entree to Disneyland park?
Went during cold spell in Hong Kong, difficult to keep warm in long queues, despite coats and scarves!Several rides areas closed, not as speedy getting people on and off so waits long. Smaller than Orlando but most elements there.Disney train with its Micky mouse window great fun.
Lot smaller than overseas Disney parks but still fun. One day is enough. Food pretty average. Parking easy and mtr also great for access. Avoid weekend crowds if possible. Very busy with mainland China tour groups. Queuing seen as    weak    so watch out for mass charge when gates open on rides. Kids will get barged our of the way!
While it is a disney, still it pales by comparison to the other disneys in paris and usa. So i feel its not worth a special trip. But if you there with spare time it could be worth it.
Hongkong Disneyland is the smallest Disneyland i have ever been. The overview of the theme park is for children and girls. But for men playthings is not any funny at all except on or two of them in the place. For me only grizzly mountain and space mountain was better than i has expected.
compare to other Disneyland around the world, you will actually enjoy the fun here , most important is not so many people in here . Not like Shanghai Disneyland , will waiting for 2 hours for one facilities . In here , you will have chance choose using fast pass to avoid the long queue . even more , if you stayed Disneyland resort , they will offer more fast pass and no limited in which particular games . I am 30 yrs old and son is nearly 3 yrs old both of us enjoy play around here .
So I thought it would be boring, as everyone said it is small in size. We went and spent 4 or 5 hours easily and not found it boring at all. We particularly enjoyed the ride at the Iron man theatre. It felt like you are in a Marvel comics yourself. I look forward to visiting it again.We stayed for the light show at the end and loved it. It is magic.
Before you even arrive (by train) you start on the Disney journey with the Disney train. What a great day. My husband and I and our 2 children (aged 16 years and 12 years) had a fun filled day. It was drizzling on and off the day we went but that didn't spoil our fun. The crowds weren't too big   we went on a Friday, so the lines weren't too long. Both children had a great time, as did the adults.
Disneyland is well known throughout the world as the place  where dreams come true  and HK Disneyland is no exemption. While the place is quite small compared to other Disneyland resorts I've been to (not to speak of the huge Walt Disney World in Orlando!), it is still one of the most entertaining (but not relaxing!) places in the world. The rides are fun, the shows are great, the characters mascots are lovely, the staff are friendly, the amenities are very good, the parades and fireworks display are mesmerizing, etc. Two or three things, however, are quite disappointing in this place: first, the unbearably long queues to the rides and shows; second, the lack of discipline of the local visitors concerning hygiene and trash disposal: and, third, the humidity. Having a fast track ticket doesn't really help that much. You'll have to get a schedule just the same. As to the humidity, perhaps they should put on more mist sprays and have more covered attractions. As to the crowd, perhaps they should limit the number of visitors per day to avoid overcrowding, and also have more personnel assigned to cleaning the premises.
You can't get enough of this place.... It is magical.... Although when we visited, it was raining and it was freezing cold, but still it didn't dampen the spirits of the people working there who were smiling all the time... The rides were equally sweet and enjoyable.... You might have to wait a lot to meet Mickey and Minnie but it will all be worth it. Get the booking done online and try to get a two day pass if you want to enjoy this place thoroughly.... It is beautiful and everyone enjoys.. Be it your young kids or teenager... We had an amazing time....
As usual and expected. This is really amazing but starting this month and i think after 2 years castle will be renovated. No firework during our trip and galaxy is under maintenance. Food is quiet expensive but big service. People are polite and nice. Good snack bars and area is well maintained. Light the night parade is now the highlight not the fireworks
We have been lucky enough to visit Disney California before here. It's almost a replica and is a wonderful day out with the family. Star wars ride is awesome fun and the jungle river cruise is great too. Take loads of photos.
My daughter and I visited Hong Kong Disneyland yesterday and were less than impressed. The park is beyond the smallest we have been to. And the castle was blocked off, which was not advertised anywhere. Such a let down. We finished the park in less than 5 hours, which included an hour wait to see Minnie and Mickey. Kids there are extremely rude and pushy, constantly cutting in line, and the parents don   t seem to care at all. I ended up yelling at a few and blocking them from cutting. The food is by far the most expensive out of the 3 Asian disney parks, and the worst. PhotoPass   NOT worth the money. All other parks had photopass photographers throughout the park. The ONLY ones this park has are with characters. So unless you want to wait in line all day for 2 3 photos per character, don   t waste your money. They will also take photos with your camera or phone for you.
Not to visit on weekends   I suggest never to visit on weekends as there is a long queue for every swing or adventure
My family and I purposely chose weekdays to avoid large crowd. To our surprise, it was not as what we expected. Queue for rides, photo taking, food and all (too much to mention) are too long.. just to take a pic with a character will takes almost 30mins.. furthermore there are limited character stationed and no character roaming around to ease the  photo booth  congestion.. staff there are not polite.. the tone of voice and expression are also not welcoming.. THEY FORGET THAT WE ARE THEIR CUSTOMER AND THEY ARE THE SERVICE PROVIDER!
HK Disneyland is well known as Disney   s oldest theme park in Asia.. but this place still looks interesting, especially for a first timer visitor like me, even this place wasn   t really that big, but it still interesting to explore! I love toy story land, tommorowland, and their shopping arcade, feels like 60s in USA...and one more thing... Christmas is the best season ever to visit this place!
Seen alot of people asking about ages so this is my opinion: I am 27 and went with my wife 25,We had a great time it was verry nostalgic and nice ( for people who grow up on disney )Most do every show you can because they are really nice, we did the lion king live show and another one in fantasy world wich was verry good. Few tips : Take some sandwichea with you because the food is really expensive there, and what isent expensive tastes like it...You can use your ticket to get a fast line pass, use it! Its awsome we hardly cued up for anything.Most see is the night paraid at 8:00 pm no matter how tierd you are, to get the nest position Stand near the passage ways the staff keeps open   once the parade is near they close them So you can get in on first line to get the best view ( youll know what i mean when your there )
It was my first time visit Disneyland, I really love the river cruise, it's a small world, the roller coaster is fun, the Disneyland train is so nice to ride. Everything is so fun, except the line in everywhere, the queues are so long, and when i visited, the castle was closed, the restaurant open at 12 noon, i wish it could open a lil bit earlier. But overall, i would recommend to visit this place , it's nice to spend time here with friends and families.
A fantastic place for a family holiday. There is something for everyone ranging from adventure, nature, parks, gardens, fun rides, roller coaster rides, 4D theatres and the like. Amenities such as restaurants, food kiosks and cafes are aplenty. Be prepared to walk long distances from the time you disembark the MRT line to the actual site; though there is plenty to see along the way. Book beforehand on Klook to get a discount. Do not miss the Ironman, Star Wars rides and the 4D theatre experience.
Not a very big park but will suffice if there is time to go for a visit. Heard that starting 2018 there will be no more fire works during night time. Always a good place for children and as usual in every park, waiting time for ride might takes a long time.
It was a worthwhile trip to Disney. Nothing exceptional but still an enjoyable trip. Nice location with fun rides. Queues were pretty Long though
Was it worth the visit...? I   m not so sure...We arrived for 10am thinking we   d get a bite to eat before heading off around the park. That just wasn   t to happen until much later as there were virtually no dining places open, in fact some didn   t open until noon & some didn   t open at all. The park is TINY. I couldn   t believe how quickly we got around it, possibly due to the fact that a few attractions were closed (Castle, Buzz, Train etc), so we were done in no time at all.  60 was definitely a big price to pay for the disappointing experience.
it is a good park for family activities,i went with my friend and her kids,the kids having more great time than me  it was my first time to go Disneyland,so can't compare with the other Disneyland
Disneyland Hongkong resort is very great,,it has so many rides to try,and the fireworks is very beautiful,i hope i can visit to the Disneyland hongkong resort again.
Every child's dream even some grown up childrens dream;DISNEYLAND! It's dianey, so it's a total delight. As usual it's expansive, fun, tiring in a good way but Hong Kong tends to get pretty, so ideally should visit it in winter. And the staff, right from the luggage check in to ticketing is pretty rude unnecessarily. So the trip starts with a bad taste but you kinda forget all that once inside. It's Disney. One tip, do not carry even a medium size backpack. You'll have to leave it outside with no proper storage facility provided. It's kinda off putting, and very Unprofessional.Oh yeah the train that takes you Lantau Island where is Disleyland is situated is dedicated to Disney, so your experience starts, the moment the train comes in. Pure childhood bliss. The train is full of Disney details and artifacts. Once you reach the station, the old world charm exudes a spell on you. It's beyond words, you need to experience it yourself.
This is my first Disneyland. Bought ticket from Klook for the convenience. There was still a long queue getting in at 10:00 on a Thursday. Like everyone else, we took the special Disney train from Sunny Bay. We thought we were too early when we got there before 09:30 but a huge crowd was already waiting. So we waited in line. The gate opened at 10:00 but we were only allowed into the game area at 10:30.Our first stop was the Iron Man ride. Some people actually took the fast pass and went ahead to other rides. Thought that it is smart to get fast pass for the few rides that offer this. We didn't attempt to do it. The queue probably took 15 minutes. Then we entered the special ride area with our 3D glasses. The ride was fun, one of the best, but rather short. Next we tried the Mystic Manor. There was no queue. While I enjoyed the ride, it was even shorter than the Iron Man ride. The other highlight was the show   Mickey and the Wondrous Book. We lined up for an hour before we could get in. The line was badly managed. The moment we were allowed to go inside the compound for another queue, kids and parents started running in, ignoring the initial queue. It was frustrating. The show lasted 28 minutes. The other attractions we tried were Tarzan's tree house, Disneyland railroad, It's a small world, The many adventures of Winnie the Pooh (not worth the hour long queue), Slinky Dog Spin and Mickey's PhilharMagic (nice 3D show). By afternoon, more people turn up, leading to long queues at all the attractions. Some additional information:1. Avoid the fried noodle from the stalls if possible.2. Download the Disneyland apps. It provides information on queue time and also rides that may not be opened. We found out beforehand that Hyperspace Mountain was not available when we were there. 3. Queue wisely. Sadly there are always individuals who try to cut queue discreetly.4. Toilets are well maintained and clean.
Visited with younger son. He enjoyed the most and was taking pictures with his favorite cartoon characters.   It is easy to reach by public transport (sky train).
Well   . visiting Disney Land for the first time itself sounds absolutely Thrilling!!It   s kind of more for kids and family entertainment. It was an amazing experience for us though. But for hard core rides & coaster lovers I guess this place won   t work for u guys. However, reaching there wasn   t a task for us as we stayed on Lantau Island itself and the journey from hotel to the park was too short coz our hotel provided shuttle to Disney land which got us there in just 15     20 mins, while people travelling from other places will take more time than usual but its hassle free, MTR which is the second best option I would suggest, because while returning we missed our shuttle, we had to travel through MTR and it was a nice experience.The fountain of Mickey on a giant whale was quite welcoming. Especially kids, you could see the excitement in them watching those Disney characters. There was a live Mickey and Mini interaction when we entered and clicking pics with them which gave a kick start to the day. The rest of the rides were nice and we enjoyed a lot. Also, would suggest to make proper use of maps and the timings mentioned on it for the rides so that you don   t miss any being Sunday the wait time was not more than 15     20 mins.One small disappointment for us was the food coz being an Indian we would prefer Asian or Indian meal but we couldn   t found any options other than European food, especially after those tiring activities anyone would wish to have a meal of their choice. Also, the Indian restaurants that were shown on map were all shut and there was no update regarding the same coz it was far and we had to search walking which was very time consuming.But at the end the very famous Disney Fireworks (09:00 pm) a not to be missed stuff, is a treat to the eyes and it makes you forget the entire day   s tiredness.Over all experience was wonderful and would really suggest to visit once in your life.
Great place for kids and adults. We visited on a Sunday and the place was not too crowded. Attractions were fun, weather was great, kids had a lot of fun. Everything is withing close walking distance   very convenient for a family with stroller. Hong Kong Disneyland is probably the cheapest of all Disneylands.
Hong Kong Disneyland is fast becoming our favorite. It is our 3rd visit and each visit is indeed magical. Halloween, Christmas, Chinese New Year! Name the ocassion and they have it in grand presentation. Even parents will fell children. I love their new Iron Man Experience! Will visit again as soon as possible!
Criticising any Disneyland is not fair thing because it   s any kid   s paradise but Don   t expect much from this Disneyland for older or overactive kids. It is comparatively small park. We went on rainy cloudy weekday & still long queues.If one day is not enough then possibly only because of queue has wasted your time.I have 2 young boys 5 yo & 2 yo. Lot attractions are more for girls and then boys    attractions were jammed pack with over 60 mins queues.So I must say if you have daughter then dress her to princess & she will love this castle.By 4 pm, we realised we have to split with 2 kids to complete this.So I took 2 year old in train elephant ride horse carousel & few other kiddies rides.He enjoyed lot.These was age appropriate but then why would you go to Disneyland for those rides for almost $90Aud? 5 yo couldn   t go in star war miles from tomorrow land & few water rides only because of endless queues.You have to miss one or other for older kids.We have been to movie world sea world & dream world in Goldcoast, AUS & paid lesser for 3 theme parks then HK Disneyland.Also food was expensive inside.Overall, Perfect for girls for sure.My 5 year old said, movie world was better then this.
compared to paris disneyland   very chinese, mostly in a good way, people were not too rude, attractions were not too simple, foods were GREAT. was a bit sad as the castle was under construnction   also very hong kong. very pleasant experience to spend a day with a friend.
Disneyland Hongkong is very attractive theme park. It is a must see attraction if you are in Hongkong. Children will love to visit. Several attractions are there for kids. I will suggest to buy Disney Souvenirs should be purchased from any market in city. If you purchase it from Disneyland it will cost very high. So better purchase any rain coat, umbrella or Disney cap outside of the Disneyland. Fast pass price has several benefits. it saves time. If you are with little kids you may need fast pass because on most of the rides there is a lot of rush. so kids either get irritated in long queues or they miss some rides. Tips for visitors:1) Avoid visiting on sundays or holidays. There will be a lot of rush. Local tourism is china is very high. Locals visit to these attractions so try to avoid visiting on holidays or festival days to save your time and visit with peace of mind. 2) Go to the place as early as possible. Early in the morning there is no rush so if you want to enjoy all rides without fast pass you can do it easily. Fast pass price is very high Disney should slash the price.
Transport is very convenient as you can take the MTR and a reasonable price, drive or take a taxi. The price of the tickets are a bit high but if you are planning on having fun all day long there I would say it   s worth it. The food is not that pleasant but the rides are fun, especially the run away mine carts and space mountain.
Disneyland is always worth a visit. It is a small park and you should be able to visit the majority of the attractions on one day. I recommend to be early in the park as it get more crowded starting from lunch time. The park is clean and neat as you would expect it from any Disneyland.If you want to buy souvenirs then you should do so before 1:00 PM as you get a discount of 10%.The park is easy to reach by MTR.Have a happy time!
I went with my friend 1 Feb 2018 and we are both mid 20's. Was cool to experience a Disneyland. Some good things: the wait times were fantastic. The most we waited for a ride would have been 30 minutes. The rides were all really well put together and bought the characters to life.  It's a small world  and the  Pooh Bear  were my personal favourites, plus make sure you wait around for the end of day parade the lights in this are amazing and very good.Some not so great points: food variety wasn't amazing, there wasn't a heck of a lot of vegetarian meal options and the snacks and meals were very expensive (I would recommend taking in a lot of food for snacks especially if you have kids). There weren't enough characters throughout the park during the day. We only managed to see three characters, and we were there from open til close. Some of the park just looked a little bit tired and unpolished. Also some of the main characters were no where to be seen within the park and rides. Pocahontas is my fave Disney character and the only time I saw here was a small figurine in the  It's a small world  ride, also no merch for her. Apart from that it was an awesome day out and the highlight of our trip to Hong Kong!!
One of the smallest Disneylands we've visited but had all the Disney characresitics and the standards are second to none. You can get a two day pass which works out well if you wish to visit a second day. The castle and few more areas are closed for construction. Overall a good Disney experience and Iron man show was our hightlight.
We absolutely loved Disneyland, as did our kids (9,10,14). We had spent a day at Ocean Park the day before and had read that it was better than Disney, so were a little worried, but nothing could be further from the truth.We'd also been to Paris Disney, and this is absolutely comparable. The Disney experience with the Asian touch is really spectacular. I'd recommend making the most of the fast pass, which you can use once at every ride (no additional cost).We were able to get through the entire park in one day, but it was a very busy day   non stop. The food isn't great, and typically over priced, but that wasn't surprising.The rides are all great   favourites were Iron Man experience and Grizzly Mountain Mine Cars.
We visit HK Disneyland Jan 18 and I must say I can   t imagine a better time to visit. It wasn   t busy so ride waits were a max of 5 minutes, 10 minutes at worse, or no wait at all. Great selection of attractions, I was like an excited little kid. The train to Disneyland was also Disneyland themed so that was nice. The great part was how easy it was to get to on the train. I preferred this over Tokyo Disneyland
Disney Land was a great time to spend with grandaughter, rides great even for oldies. Get a 2 day pass as you will need it and stay for the Parade. take snacks with you as when your in the queue for rides kids get restless and hungry. The shows are a must to see.
Every every nook and corner is a delight, a pleasure, a world away from the one we live in. We all,  family  loved and enjoyed all the activities, the visuals, the parade, the lion king show and were dying to repeat everything.
Go to Disneyland early morning so you can enjoy all day. We regret that we came after lunch.   Happiest place on Asia! I must try other disneylands in other countries
I was expecting something similar to the Disneyland in Tokyo or California, but the Hong Kong Disneyland is definitely a bit smaller and for younger kids. It   s not as magical as the others, and the food selection isn   t great (especially for my three year olds nieces)
Disney Land is a must for all Hong Kong travellers. It takes you back to your childhood. Seeing the fairytale stories come to life is breathtaking. Everything is done with excellence. From the parade to the shops, displays theme parks etc, its out of this world. The park is managed very well everything is in place. The security manages the crowds very well and efficiently. A definate must for all visitors to Hong Kong.
Been several times to Disneyland and trust me this is the only Disneyland where I could finish all the rides in one day. The park wasn't that big. But still fabulous and enjoyable. I went there last Christmas, the longest waiting time to take the ride was only 30 mins...this is quick compared to my previous visit to Japan (2 hours!) Make sure to take notes on the show time. All I can remember is LION KING at 12pm. Food was okay, not many choice but OK. Waiting time was also not long. So everyone was happy then.My fav ride: mining roller coaster...forgot the name, it is located in the jungle land area close to Lion King.Also, they provide rental for stroller. However it is not for infant. Maybe for kids starting from 1.5 years old.
Got offered a discount on entry. Is anyone in your party over 60. Ten years shy of that age, I took offence. I shouldn   t have. Terrific day our!
Not a Disney fan but after visiting I had changed my mind. It is truly a magical place. My 2 years old boy did enjoy and had a good experience
This was our second visit to Hong Kong Disneyland, the first one being in December 2010 and it was a pleasure to experience the new rides and shows. The best part about Disney is that it never disappoints no matter how high your expectations are set at! We took the 2 day Play and Shop package which I believe is only available online and is serious value for money. You can make the second visit anytime within 6 or 7 days of the first visit! My parents who are close to 70 basically paid only 100 HKD per person per day which is 1 6 of an adult ticket price. The kids loved almost all the rides and characters. Food options could be better but then who goes to Disneyland to eat? Get to the park 15 minutes before it opens and start from the Adventure Land side. We did that on day 1 and it worked better than the other way around that we tried on the second visit. We skipped weekends. Do not miss the parades (there are 2 in a day, both totally different), Grizzly Gulch, Mystic Manor, Space Mountain and Iron Man rides especially if you have kids over 10 with you. Highly recommend shows such as 1) Mickey and the Wondrous book and 2) Phillar magic! Its a small world is good for older people and is generally not too busy. Have fun and let Disney bring out the child in you again!
There really is not much more to say about HK disneyland. Like all disneyland, it is the happiest place on earth, you getto meet all the disney characters at randon and at different times of the day. I guess the only difference is the language during the show. So make sureyou catch the english version, althou, if you get to watch the cantonese version, they do have small screens on both side of the stage where they flash the subtitles
Good experience. Children loved it. Can be done in a day unless you want to do every ride, which may not be the case. The only thing that was terrible was that there were absolutely no options for vegetarian food. Absolutely none except some corn. Now, if you   ve set up a world famous theme park, people from all over the world are going to come. There would be so many who may look for veg food. It   s not a localized theme park which will be visited by locals only. And in this part if the world visitors from India will be so many. Needs so more thought on that one !! But other than having to eat only corn all day the kids loved it. Please get the food variety right!
It's been about 2 years since my last visit and I was pleasantly surprised to see more rides and attractions added. The level and quality of entertainment offered continues to be of a high standard.
We travelled to Disneyland and stayed in Hong Kong Disneyland hotel for 3 nights. The first night at Kingdom club room and followed by 2 days in Deluxe room. Our kids loved the Story Telling session and Mickey   s appearance in pyjamas before bed in the club level. One of the perks for staying in the Kingdom Club, truly amazing experience. We left our kids lunch box in the fridge in the Kingdom Club. When we are back to our Deluxe room, the Club   s housekeeping was so kind enough to put the lunch box into our new room fridge. (contains our kids cheese). We also got the luggage shifted to our Deluxe room. Very convenient and thoughtful.When I reached the hotel after the park day 1, we also got surprised with 2 Mickey Mouse plush toys, a bunch of Helium Balloons, birthdays cards from Mickey, cake decor with towels and decorations in our rooms.Our kids (son and daughter) loved the plush soft toy from the    Three Magical Days    package. Our daughter wanted a Minnie Mouse and when I asked the front desk helped me to changed it, it was changed immediately without any queries. My daughter was so excited and she was sleeping hugging the Minnie the whole night.We were late from the Disney park after the Night parade and headed to Walt   s cafe for dinner. We have been provided food and table at around 10 pm without any hassle. The staff and the restaurant was so efficient and fast and also very knowledgeable in the menu. The staff also advised me about the dinner promotion of discount of $100 for $400 minimum spend. We   ve got that discount and a great dinner. On the last day of stay, we enjoyed the Character breakfast dining with Pluto, Goofy, Mickey and Minnie Mouse. Definitely a lifetime experience for all.
We was very pleased with our visit. The attractions are very well designed and very impressive. It's very well laid out and easy to get around. We loved the characters however there should be more of them walking around because we only saw three. Only downfall is the obvious pricing.   4 for a can of Fanta. Come on Disney we paid   100 to get in you could at least make the prices better. Overall enjoyed it. Very expensive.
My grandson, all 2yrs old of him, arrived from Australia and says    Can I see Mickey daddyLo?    Who can say    No    to little boy   s requests?Off we went to HongKong Disneyland, the nearest place where Mickey lives. It was a showery morning on an unusually cold day in Hongkong when we arrived. After checking in our hotel we went to see Disneyland starting from one of the most famous street of merriment in the entertainment world, Main street. This street is well known for all who have visited Disneyland in any part of the world. For those who are planning to make a visit to Disney, this is the street where Mickey & Minnie, Pluto & Buzz and all the Disney characters perform their much anticipated parade at an appointed time where most if not all visitors lined up both sides of the street to watch all these famous characters walk and dance in choreography. Much has been published in this wonderful place where the child within all of us savor and enjoy the nostalgic moments of our own idealized world of childhood.
Very good to visit with your family especially with kids. You have to ready your shoes and feet as it would be whole day of walking. This was my second time to visit HK Disneyland and I noticed that there were new attractions. It will surely unleash the child in you. Bringing in of food is allowed as long as it is not a full meal. Chips, cookies, candies were okay. Drinks were also allowed. My tip is to buy water outside before going there as the price inside is much higher. Enjoy the day and wait until 7:30pm for the Grand Parade, It was worth the wait. Find yourself a good location to sit along the Main Street USA early as the whole street becomes full packed before the parade.
Well, I was pretty impressed with HK Disney. I love Toy Story Land and the attractions there. The Big Grizzly Mountain Mine Cars here is way better than the ones in LA and Orlando.The park is smaller compared to its counterparts in the US but you do only pay $70 (make sure to buy tickets through Klook). I visited on New Year's day and the park was pretty empty! Disney is working on Cinderella's Castle so there are no fireworks (my favorite Disney 'attraction')
this is an experience to watch kids enjoy and see their faces light up. it is also and excitement for us adults and the fun never ends
In terms of fun factor, Singapore's Universal Studios was way better.The Disney Princesses seemed unhappy while touring the grounds and being ogled by children and people.The Night Parade was a let down. At the end of it we were asking if that was it. After lining up and being jostled around by the crowd we felt shortchanged.Staff at the souvenir shops were snooty   so why would people be happy in buying way overpriced Disney stuff we could get at lower prices elsewhere?There was no ride that I could say was super fun. And I was so looking forward to the Star Wars ride which was not fun at all   is that all they could think of?Maybe we'll have a better experience in Osaka with the Harry Potter theme park...
I say it is a good introduction to Disneyland.I was disappointed that there not as many characters as I expected and the lines to take photos with them were huge. The quickest one was about 5min in the morning to see Donald Duck.Small world was closed for maintenance.Most rides were a 10 to 20min wait. Was not unbearable.The lion King show was great!We went for 2 days, it was enough as we had young children.Was def worth going.
This is my second disney experience becuse the first was TOKYO. I will never get tired of trying the rides however one day wasn't enough to do all activities in Disneyland.. Make sure to get a FAST PASS..
Bought a combo ticket for 2 days. Well worth due to new attractions like ironman and toy story. 2 days is still not enough especially with kids. There were long que especially after lunch. Advisable to be there early. Not much difference whether you visit weekday or weekend.
Your typical Disney park, except a bit smaller.  The attractions, restaurants and shops will keep you busy for an entire day.  A  must  for all aged 18 and under, and definitely enjoyable for those older!
Had a great with our teenagers here   the park was quiet (we went on a Friday)   not much queuing and lines moved quickly. Quite small and not great if you are after the big roller coasters but plenty to keep us there all day.
We took the train from Kowloon to HK Disneyland at 9:30am and we got to the park at 10am. The bag check and ticket checking process was quite smooth. The day pass was quite pricey so you need to go early and stay till they close to make it worth it. Going there early during the week can avoid the crowds, which usually starts around 1pm. Even the place is small, there are still a good number of rides to play at the park. The kids wanted to see the castle and we walked down the main street to get to the rides. Our route was Main Street    Tomorrowland     Fantasyland    Toy Story Land     Adventureland. Had lunch at Starliner Diner...very expensive for low quality food! Some people brought snacks for their lunches. Wish we had done that too.Played a few more rides after lunch and we left the park at 6pm. Totally forgot about the traffic. The trains were packed!!! If you don't have a stroller but you have young kids, you can rent a stroller for HK$120 per day with HK$100 refundable deposit. There are many stroller parking areas which was very convenient.Tips: download the Disneyland HK app to see the waiting time for each ride. It's pretty accurate.
First time to any Disney Park. Was expecting it to be magical but we found the place somewhat muted.Maybe it was the crowd. We even saw a kid peeing at the sidewalk. It wasn   t as crowded as we thought but it may be even worse during peak season.Food was horrendous. Keep bumping into the smoking corners as well.
I've never been to any of the Disneyland. It was my first time I visited the place in Hongkong, The place is very happening, beautiful and well designed, the time you step you into the place, you will get into the delightful memories of your childhood. I went to the place during Christmas which made my experience better. The place is very crowded so I recommend to take a 2 day pass if you are planning to go especially on weekends or public holidays so you can enjoy the most of it. Don't forget to attend the evening firework and Disney parade. They have dedicated mobile applications which will give you an idea about the timetable and wait time on rides.
HK Disneyland is small as compared to US one but it is worth it. This is a must visit for a child(once in a lifetime). The shows and Parades should not be missed. The Iron man Experience is a new addition which should be in a must do list.The characters at Main Street looks so real and reminds us of very fond memories of the past.Travel in a weekday to avoid the queue and rush.
Four people three generations all adults. Love this happy place! We live in the northeast part of US. Visited Disneyland and Disneyworld at Florida and CA many times. Each time involved plane ride and long traveling time and hotel expense. Not this one. It was so easy to get to! 40 minutes train ride and here it was! The last part of the train ride (the ride that dedicated to go to Disney) was a pleasant surprise: the cabin was decorated with playful color and lovely designed seats. Never seen before. And there were rides that were uniquely Hong Kong Disney too. We enjoy them all. Even my 80 years old mother in law got onto the Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars twice! I am a clean freak and all facilities plus overall park maintenance earn high my marks. It was a weekday and a bit rainy. Not crowded, which contribute to the easy and relax and cleanliness. But not happy that some places were closed, such as the castle and small world and many restaurants. Plus no firework. That took one point away from rating. Oh try the turkey by the food stand at the main street. Not as good as in CA but good enough if you miss turkey. It was 3 times bigger than the display. Do not let the display fool you. Finally have to praise all the workers. They were very professional and pleasant and did the right thing when they saw people cutting line.
This is the 5th Disneyland I have been to. Once again it   s an unmistakable Disney experience but it   s quite small relative to other Disney   s.I guess we were in the off season (January) but we only waited for more than 10 minutes on one ride (Parachute Drop was 20 mins), but most were less than 5 mins.As for characters there was a queue to meet Mickey Minnie and Donald on Main Street. But we waited only a couple of minutes to meet the princesses at the 11am appearance (Cinderella & sofia) and Winnie Eeyore.I guess the downside of going in the off season is the risk of ride closures for maintenance which for us included the castle and one of our favourite rides   Small World   as well as a couple of other attractions.One of the highlights was the Mickey & the Wondrous Book Show. The Fairy Tale Forest was sweet. And the best ride was the Runaway Mine Cars.The parade was quite quick (seemed shorter than usual).Don   t bother with the Disney Railroad.
Don't know if it the weather had anything to do with it (overcast with showers) but my Disneyland experience wasnt as happy and sunny as I expected. The place was terrific, of course: wonderful ambience, castles, great rides for the kids, meet and greets with Star Wars stormtroopers and Chewbacca, plus a parade of Disney stars. Even the food at the cafe was better than expected. I think I was expecting the staff to be a little...warmer. sunnier. Friendlier. I mean, this is Disneyland! Shouldn't they be a little less..brisk? And much more like people working in a place of dreams and magic? But dont get me wrong, they were professional and courteous. Maybe I was just expecting the Disney spirit to be really strong here. Still it was a pleasant experience and I still hope to go back again some time.
Nice experience for children. Small compare to Paris.  Can do it in one day went December 2017. Beautiful christmas lights. Must stay until night fall to see the beautiful lights
Maybe my fault go to Tokyo Disney before HK Disney;  So not so surprise for us when go to HK Disney ....
avoid the busy days small park with plenty to do v organised parkfantastic hotelskids paradiseuse octopus for train stops right at the park with a 5 min walk to entrancecharacters even go to hotels and dive in the pools goofey going down the slide with my kids was a great pic!!!!
It   s a good venue to experience. The park as in all Disney parks is crowded. Nevertheless, despite the long wait for rides, it   s still a nice place to visit.
You must spend the whole day in hear. A lot of fun things to do. Food and snacks available almost everywhere include souvenir shops. A lot of nice stuffs to buy, but be careful, do not buy to much..you have to carry them all day. I buy only tiny things that I can put in my backpack.. Evening fireworks show is so adorable.
Try to come as early as you can, as you will need one whole day to enjoy all attraction here.No worry to bring some snacks or mineral water inside, they don't really strict on the inspection.We visited on early December, the weather was perfect, no rain and only 16 18 degree.Don't forget to enjoy their evening parade.No age limitation to enjoy this park for sure!
No matter whats your age.. this place has got it for you. The visit makes you feel as if you are in a fairyland that you only dreamed of. Most of the rides are kids safe and full of adult adrenaline :)
We had a blast.. nothing more to report other than it was awesome, perfect size part form young children.. We have done DisneyLand California and this park is considerably smaller and easy to accomplish with young children.
Disneyland Hongkong is neat ,clean & well planned area where both kids &adults can enjoy the whole day, Hyperspace mountain, iron man show mystic manor and other rides give you feeling of adventure & enjoyment.  some restaurants are providing even veg meals.
Having never been to Disneyland we were excited to go during our stop over in Hong Kong.Not sure why they stagger the times that areas open but we had to wait to get into each area which was annoying. Some of the attractions were not open the day we went which was disappointing.Can   t say it was all that exciting, the rides were pretty average and nothing thrilled us. The lines are long but the wait isn   t bad considering some of the rides last for less than 2 minutes!Plenty of food options and lots of souvenir shops.This felt like the budget option, I   m sure the real Disneyland is much more impressive.
Disneyland Hong Kong is spotlessly clean, well laid out and great fun. we visited with friends & their families. We enjoyed the whole day esp Hyperspace mountains, Iron man show , Mystic Manor,& other rides Disney Parade was enjoyable
Awesome place for kids and adults to enjoy. Amazing rides and live shows for all. Quite a few gift shops which are a little expensive as expected and restaurants as well.Must watch the Lion King Show and Disney storybook and Philhar magic 3D show. Must ride the Grizzly cart and space cart in TomorrowlandDon't miss the night and afternoon parades and of course take pics with the characters(though there will be long queues)
So happy finally i can experience xmast season in one of Disney parks. One tick for my wish list :) The xmast decoration was superb and the weather was unpleasantly great (not too freezing cold).We bought our tickets for 2 days park ahead of time online and with the meal package and the bubble wand . First we attacked the Mickey Waffle, our all time fave before we headed out to the rides. Enjoy the Iron Man Ride and Hyperspace Mountain..Love the Christmas show in front of Sleeping Beauty Castle during daytime and the Firework during night time.. We r fortunate enough to see the castle in full view cause they start a full renovation this January. We had lunch at the Royal Banquet Hall and also dinner at Plaza Inn.. both are very nice and recommendable .. and also at Explorer's Club Resto near the Mystic Manor.Mystic Manor was a fun ride .. My lil girl lovesss the Fairy Tale Forest... it's a must see and go place for every little girl who loves Disney Princesses... u can only find it at HKD.The indoor show we love so much is the Mickey Wondrous Book Show...it was so great.. we enjoyed it immensely.Last but not least, we sit down nicely for our Disney Paint the Night Parade where my boy was ecstatic to see Lightning McQueen comes alive . What a wonderful memory we had at HK Disneyland
Hong Kong Disneyland is smaller than others I have been to, and has less rides. However, on our weekday winter visit, it was uncrowded with short queues for everything so we could get around it all in a day.
It's very joyful place.kids loved it so much . the light show at night so wonderful..don't miss it.go early for the rides as it is getting crowded afternoon..
We went for our honeymoon and it was such a great treat to be here, I just love Disneyland, we were there for a complete day and enjoyed every bit of it, the rides were amazing, specially grizzly gultch, The fireworks made our day pretty beautiful and not to forget the the Disney characters parade, which was awesome..
Hong Kong Disneyland is smallest Disneyland in the world. But it doesn't mean unattractive. Several new attraction were added since first time opening. Need walk about 3 minute from parking lot to main entrance. By walking slowly, it doesn't seem so hard.Since I came during high season, Hong Kong Disneyland was crowded by tourist. Moreover, although larger and newer Shanghai Disneyland had opened, popularity can't be diminished in one seconds. When I'm across several popular attraction, long queue can be seen clearly. Merchandise store that not so large invaded by huge amount of tourist.Despite these, the attraction and fabulous parade can forget long queue issue. I'm enjoy so much during that time.I'm glad to see concern and priorities among disabilities. Wheelchair user will get priorities to enter attraction without should wait for a long time. Must be appreciated. My parent chose to lunch at outside Disneyland, considered most of restaurant were pricey. So I can't reviewed about it.To experience all attraction without long queue, come at low season or weekday.
Lovely weather! I was shocked at how it wasn   t that busy as we went on the 30th December!!The park is separated from the rest of Hong Kong so I recommend staying on site if you can. It is also probably the cheapest Disneyland for both tickets and accommodation.
Having been to the Disneys in the US, my expectations were high, but i was wrong. Had a very pleasant time at the park. It still had the disney vibe. Perhaps u was lucky with the season of my visit, but there were no hoards of PRCs.  The stand out was the Lion King performance for us. The evening parade was nice too. And who doesnt like fureworks? Definitely worth a visit.
Pretty great place, been to a lot of Disney parks already. Not the biggest but was still a pretty good experience for the most part. Fast pass was complementary for 3 rides so that was good. Generally pretty clean as well. 1 star: The general train service was pretty slow. Should be able to operate much faster and less wait time.Souvenir shop wait at emporium was really long. Had about 11 customers waiting and only 2 cashiers and 1 cashier was checking out 6 bags of goods for a customer. More fast pass options would be nice to save everyone   s time overall.All in all was good. Recommend for kids and will be back next time we are in Hong Kong
Having visited other Disneyland in Japan and US, i have to say the Hong Kong Disneyland is really really small. Fireworks at the end of the day was lackluster as well and it was alittle disappointing. You could probably go once but that   s just about it.
We love Disneyland! It truly is the happiest place on earth and makes me feel like a kid again. We went with young kids and teenagers, and everyone had fun. Although it   s small in comparison to Disney World, I think Disneyland Hong Kong is relatively the same size as Magic Kingdom. We went in December and we enjoyed seeing all the Christmas decorations.My recommendation is to go when park opens to beat the crowds. Ride your preferred rides early in the day as there are only 3 rides you can fast pass then you   ll have to stand in long lines. We ate lunch at Maxim, which was yummy.Overall it was a magical day!
Got 2 days ticket, we visit 25Jun2017 and 28Jun2017. At that moment we feel very hot. Sunshine so bright, no cloud and soo hot.Everything were so fun for our children, and we mostly sure all the attraction can not finish just only one day.  Good attraction  Have to enjoy all the attraction, except roller coaster :)  Best to see is the parade and fireworks at the evening  Very hot at summer  In most cases, restaurant and food quite expensive  Long queue in every attraction, but use express ticket much better
Spend half a day at Disneyland. Queued for an hour plus to take photos with characters such as Mickey and Donald.The rides were not as exciting as the ones in Tokyo and Paris. Food there was average too. Sadly there is no light shows   fireworks anymore. But still a nice experience for those who never been to Disneyland before
Easy to get to via the MTR system, Disneyland isn't cheap unless you are a Senior Citizen, when a Day ticket is just $100hkd, very good value if you're in your 2nd. childhood. Iron Man and Grizzly Gulch were both brilliant, whole park is very clean, and you don't need to be a long distance athlete to go all the way round it, it's reasonably compact without feeling that everything is packed too tightly together. The attraction very much exceeded our expectations, we'd happily go back if somebody can get us to Hong Kong again !!
Was here over the NYE break on a weekday. Didn't have any high expectations but in the end it was still not super exciting for our 2.5 year old. We managed to do all the rides he was allowed to go on within 1.5 hours..by then the lines were already very long. Once we had lunch, the queues were up to an hour for silly rides like DUMBO the elephant (going round in circles??). The fastpass system they have is not for every ride and not the most convenient. It would be great if you could buy a priority pass like in Ocean Park.We did manage to watch the Festival of Light show (basically a 25min condensed version of the Lion King) which I thought was really good. I suppose unless your kids or you yourself are a huge Disney fan, Disneyland will not be much of a big deal. We went to Ocean Park a few days later and found it was much better value both for kids and adults....10 times bigger and with heaps more things to do.
We all had a fun day around Disneyland HK. We came at past 10am on a Friday with our entrance tickets bought from Klook. It was an instant savings of $100 for a group of six.A must go. Lines were long for the populars but worth it. The others which are not as popular, aka no lines such as photo ops with Chewy were great too. As there was nobody after us, kids were able to have more time with Chewy.
We had just visit this place this month.  A variety of venue available.  We see the Parade at the afternoon.  So many choices for friends and family.
We spent 1 and a half days here and we all loved it. Our first experience of Disney as a family had all that we wanted as we did not want to spend days queuing! Our son (age 9) got to do his Star Wars on stage and our daughter (age 7) did her princess bits. There are only 4  big  rides and we queued less than an hour each time so gave us plenty of time to actually see our surroundings rather than queue all the time.For us it was a brilliant introduction to Disney and we all had an amazing time.
Happy happy place for kids... It's beautiful and fun... So many things to enjoy and so little time... One day is not enough.. Fantasy land, toy story land, adventure land, tomorrow land, etc etc... Much more to explore... But do expect long queues everywhere... Spoils the fun...
Went only because we needed to go somewhere to kill tin till our flight that night. Neither of us even like rides. We didn't get there till after 1700. There was hardly any queuing. We decided to try out the rollercoaster. Didn't realise it went backwards. Whilst everyone else were hands in the air me and the Mr were screaming our heads of. Was fun but never again.Also did some sort of boat ride. Never saw any characters maybe once it got dark they don't come out.Personally I don't think it's worth the hefty price even if you go on all the rides. Thought the Disney train was quite cool though
This is 2nd time I visit Disneyland HK with my family. What can I say? After all this is Disney, so everything is very nice, very organized and build for family. However I also feel like everything getting more expensive inside. We spend more than HK$600 for dining for 5 persons (2 adults, 3 kids), toys are expensive also... queues were long for most of the rides, need 2 days to try almost all of the rides, yet still not tried all of them. This is definitely park for children under 12 yrs old. Maybe for older kids 2nd time visit will be a bit boring already. But other than that, staff were friendly, we enjoy a lot the new Iron man rides, and Hyperdrive Starwars ride.
Park is really great. You can spend all day there. Ticket costs 619 HKD. In application Klook I bought it for 501 HKD using promo code PKU6F (it gives additional discount 25 HKD)
A great couple of days for the Kids we grabbed the 2 day pass the first day we arrived early & it was wet & miserable weather wise. Which meant we didn't have to wait for any rides the only down side was the parade was an inclement weather parade with characters on a float singing & dancing as it went past only a small version of the full parade. The second day the weather was better we arrived latter & had to wait 10 15 minutes for rides at most we saw the full parade at 3:30 Pm which the kids loved. & continued on rides until the light up the night parade which was spectacular. There were no fireworks over the castle as they were in the middle of som renovation in that area. The MTR is so easy to use & efficient mode of transportation to get there & back. All in all a must do in Hong Kong with kids.
One Day tour is just enough for us to go around the park. But we were not able to try all the rides as we had started a little bit late. We didn   t saw the parade as well because we were caught up with last show of the lion king. Too bad we didn   t have the fireworks as well.
We got a 2 day pass for HK Disney over Christmas week.It is very easy to get to via public transport and the train to the park has a great Disney theme to start things off.The park itself is quite big and has a lot to do. It can be a long day with the parade around 19:30 and fireworks around 21:00. A 2 day pass is ideal as it can get very crowded and due to the long queues for rides, you might not get to do everything in 1 day.There are a few opportunities to get photos with Disney characters, but we expected to see more like in the Paris Disney,
The happiest place in the world and kids friendly, consider to pay for fast track access due to long queue, it worthed it.
We have a two day ticket but will only return if we need a slower day with the kids before we leave HK. It would be nice to go back if we can but we won   t feel like we   ve missed out as we packed it...More
My first visit 7 years ago was good, but I remembered that I was done by 3 pm, meaning the rides must have not been too engaging and the place was smaller compared to the other Disneylands.This trip our group arrived at almost 11am to no queue at the ticket booths. We got our tickets slightly cheaper on Klook, but we wanted physical tickets as souvenir so we had to do exchange at the ticket booths. Oh, it is so worth it for senior persons to visit Disneyland Hong Kong at HKD100 only! Super envious!Same thing for the meal vouchers. We bought on Klook cheaper compared to buying on site which was HKD235 for the 3 in 1 meal coupons. Absolutely worth it to buy this deal as you get to exchange for set meals of prices HKD120 & above each for lunch & dinner, plus a snack. The Mickey Minnie ice cream will cost you HKD39 & popcorn HKD32 35. You do the math! We never even got to use the HKD5 discount for water coupon, as we got bottled water with the set meals anyways (if you don't take soda, coffee tea add HKD10).All the attractions were great fun and our most recommended would be:1) Mystic Manor (the only one in the world!)2) Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh3) Mickey's Philharmonic4) It's a Small World5) Slinky Dog Spin6) Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars (not for the faint hearted!)We covered more than 11 attractions right up to the fireworks at 8.30pm. If u want more time for the rides & to shop, u shud arrive once the park opens. After 4pm, the queues were noticeably shorter. Overall, we didnt have to queue more than 30mins per attraction.As for food, if you have the 3 in 1 meal coupons, just head to Royal Banquet Hall for lunch & Explorer's Club for dinner. Big portion & excellent choices & taste!Have a fun day out at the Happiest Place on Earth!
Must visit place if you go to Hong Kong. Very nice and big situated in hongkong you can go by mrt and Disney metro train. No word to describe Disneyland. Must watch Firework and Parade. Should go early if you want to ride every ride.
Disneyland Hong Kong is a must visit if you bring kids while travel to Hong Kong.  Make sure to browse on the internet to find cheaper tickets before and to avoid long queue at the entrance.
Came here for the 2nd time, now with my 3 years old boy who really enjoy the park, the carnival and show.We came during Christmas holiday. It was really packed! If you prefer to enjoy most area of the park & the rides, holidays season might not be best time for that. Queue for the ride is long and took 45 min   1 hr. But for my young son who just love to look around, its not a problem. A small tips that useful for us. If you come by MTR during the peak season and you dont have the octopus card, you may want to purchase the return train ticket when you arrive, just to make sure you don't need to queue on the vending machine when you about to go back : )
A must experience for all first timer (even 2nd or 3rd) in Hong Kong. The parade and the fire works are great and a must wait and see for all visitors. Worth the pricey cost. Offered a huge discount for senior citizen even though they come from different country...
Myself and my partner went to Disney HK as it was rated top attraction on most websites. And it did not disappoint. The staff toys at the park were awesome and full of fun and energy. The attractions are set up well and the park flows as you walk round it into the different areas.The food was good, a bit over priced but that was expected with the place you are in.There are parades at set times in the day that are a must watch, these are fun and you get to see all the cast of the movies that are in the show and there is a dance element to it that really blends in with the culture in HK.Only thing that was a let down when we were there was that there was alot of construction going on so a few parts of ths park were missed out so it wasnt great.All in all. It is a must visit when in Hk.
We had a great day at Hong Kong Disneyland, so much fun for all ages. The park was easy to get to, on the Disneyland line. Although smaller than the European and American Disneyland, there was plenty of rides, shows and attractions. We hardly had to queue for a ride all day, the most we queued was 20 minutes! Which I   m sure is unheard of at some Disney Parks!The light parade at night time and firework display were brilliant. Great day out!
If you can only spare 1 day to visit and have young kids in tow, this Disneyland couldn't be more perfect. With a footprint much smaller than the Anaheim or Orlando locations, even the furthest more points of the park are no more than a 20 25 minute walk from each other, even with a tired child in tow. We had heard from friends who are Disney enthusiasts that the rides at the HK location had more advanced technology (ergo would be funner) than their much older cousins in Anaheim and Orlando. This was not the case   we discerned no difference between HK and the Orlando location, the latter of which we had visited only 3 years earlier. The smaller scale of the park is best reflected in Main Street (considerably shorter than Orlando) and the diminutive  Magic Castle  (w a much smaller size compared to Orlando) almost made me laugh out loud. In any event, there was plenty to do and despite making use of all three (3) of the park's  fast passes , we literally found ourselves hurrying from ride to ride during our 11am 8pm visit.If you are anywhere within walking distance of an MTR stop, definitely consider taking the train to from Disneyland. From Central or Kowloon, you simply take the orange line to Sunny Bay then transfer to the Disney dedicated shuttle train.Disney's policy prohibits  food and alcohol  and contains considerable restrictions on size of backpacks and strollers. We saw no attempt by Disney security to enforce these restrictions. They did indeed search bags but only the main compartments of backpacks and purses and it appeared solely to confirm there were no large scale weapons. If I had to do over again, I would not hesitate to pack plenty of food and snacks (not surprisingly food at Disney is expensive!) and to bring our child's full size stroller so that he was not as tired fussy towards end of day evening. Disney also has a bag drop office located outside of security so in the unlikely event you encounter an overzealous security guard you can always leave your giant stroller or cooler full of food there. Tips Suggestions  Don't hesitate to bring your own food drinks  Stroller bag size restrictions don't appear to be enforced  If you arrive at opening, start with the rides furthest away from entrance (you'll likely face no line), then work your way back towards the entrance  Both the afternoon evening mainstreet parades are worth seeing, the evening parade includes lots of lots of neon lighting.
This was by far the most memorable trip for my daughter..worth every penny..we were there on 01 Jan 18, the last day of the fireworks before it was closing for an year..the rides and the character meetings are top class..a very compact and well maintained park
 the most anticipated tour in Hong Kong for my kids and I was the visit to Hong Kong Disney land. Had loads of fun and kids enjoyed a lot.There are a lot of fun games and the whole atmosphere is just so inviting and great.
It   s always so much fun to go to Disney and this time was not an exception. It   s a small park (in comparison to Orlando) but still there were all the great parades, street performances, rides and shows you find at Disney. Prices were a bit    Hong Kong    like but that was expected. There was however problem with the WiFi. That did not help if you wanted to use the app (which usually had wrong queue times). We enjoyed the fact that we could go there with the MTR and it   s a relatively quick ride from HongKong island.
Spent 8 hours here had so much fun I went around New Year   s Eve time and the lines weren   t very long! The fast pass that is free really helps out! The lines were way smaller then Disneyland Tokyo and was not nearly as crowded! The food selection was also good especially as one of us is vegetarian. Always such a magical place!
Great experience through the day. By using the Disneyland App you can save time and plan you visit in more efficiency. The kids had great time and it is surely a must site for both adults and families.
Good place for my boy. A lot of Choice playing arena. Nice place. A lot of peoples come  on Desember. Snow shows in the Night
We visited the place with 2 children aged 5 and 1. Fortunately we been abled to play all the games with both of them. The most amazing thing was the shows, we the adults enjoyed it maybe more than the kids. The stores around the place forces you to pay souvenirs and toys unlimited. The downside of this visit was the employee, they didn   t even smile to us, not really helping. And the weather was very hot but the good thing was the waiting area to the games full with fans.
I hope Disneyland has more Indian food options in the future. Tahitian terrace was temporarily closed. Overall it as an amazing experience.
Disneyland Hong Kong is spotlessly clean, well laid out and great fun. I confess to being a little disappointed with the food outlets. They are not consistent with the quality on offer in LA. I was also disappointed in the Mansion. The Haunted House in LA is much better. Space Mountain, however, was FABULOUS. I loved the special effects. Strongly recommend a visit. Jan Lindrum
We went there 29 30 December 2017, staying in one of the Disney hotel helped a lot because we just took shuttle bus and visit the parks in the morning and comeback and rest in the afternoon before head back for firework and night attraction. Our favorite attractions are Big Grizzly Mountain and Parachute drop, highly recommended. Parades were great as usual, especially Xmas theme related shows. Firework was also second to none. The only point that I kinda dislike was F&B in terms of price, long line to purchase, and taste was just decent. However, you can bring your own food and drink inside as long as you carry them with your backpack.Tips:1. Go there early, and go inside to Toy story zone first so that you can enjoy attractions then walk back up front for other attractions and parades.2. Like other Disneyland, foods and drinks are allowed as long as you can carry in your backpack (luggage with wheels is not allowed) Thus, bring food and drink so that you save some money.3. Use fast pass, when possible and also you should download Disneyland Hong Kong app (very useful because it tells you how long you have to wait for each attraction) 4. Buy Ticket online before go to park so that you can skip ticket line (line was long during our visit)Hope you will have great time here ^ ^
We were there on Haloween for two days and had a great time, the rides, the shows, the parades, everything is just mesmerizing.
Went to HK Disneyland for Christmas and part of town hall is under renovation, however, great tree lighting ceremony and new attraction such as Iron Man Experience is great. Managed to watch Storybook tales and it was fantastic. Lines were manageable on normal days (not weekend) however the lines to meet and greet with characters are incredibly long or they really have very short time. Did not manage to take picture with anyone for 2 day visit.
I am the one who really likes amusemet park. Planning to go to Hongkong makes me planing to go to Disneyland as well. I got recommendation from my friend who work in Hongkong to go there.Overall, its a really nice experience to go there, but after comparing to some other amusement park, Disneyland Hongkong isnt that big as you think. And there are no really 'extreme' activity except this big grizzly rides.
Spent my 30th Birthday here and had a wonderful time, well organized and great attractions.  We came early on a weekday and didn   t have to wait in line for anything.
We have been to the US Disneys several times and while Hong Kong is small in comparison I would recommend the experience. The rides are different. They have Toy Story Land and Mystic Manor which we have not seen anywhere else. The merchandise and badges are different and it is exciting to experience the differences. Fantastic local food on offer everywhere.
Being a 90s kid, watching the likes of the Lion King, Toy Story, and Tarzan, visiting Disneyland brought me back to the 90s.So much variety, from rides, to food, to merchandise and photos with mini and mickey mouse, Disneyland Hong Kong has something for all ages (But mostly for children). Mad sure to book online prior to arrival, you may enter the park with online QR code tickets (this helped as I didn't have to line up to get tickets. Arrived around 12:30pm, on the Disneyland train which was exciting. Line up to get into the park was short, once I was in, the park was packed. With park entry you are entitled to receive three fast track entries to any ride, you must go to the ride and scan your ticket in the fast track lanes and come back when the ticket advises you too.Made sure I grabbed an English language map then took the train within the park to check out the entirety of the venue which gave me an idea of what was in the park. Visited the Iron man and star wars ride within tomorrow land, the jungle river cruise, the  its a small world after all  ride, and Tarzan's tree house. Took a photo with Minnie and Mickey Mouse (Had to line up for over an hour).Make sure you stay until 9:00 pm for the fireworks at the parks close. Merchandise is expensive just like any other theme park and or zoo. Food is also expensive, but there is variety depending on the area you are in. Tomorrow land had burger and chip meals, near the jungle river cruise their is Asian foods. Throughout the park there is a number of pop up stands which sell ice creams, hot dogs, popcorn, drinks and snacks. I was really surprised with the waiting lines for rides, although it seems at first you may have to wait a while, the lines move quick and if the sign at the ride says a 60 minute wait realistically, for me it was a 35 minute wait which was good. Sadly didn't get to see alot, because there is so much to do, so I recommend getting a two day pass. Try get there an around 10:30am when the park opens, time flys when you are having fun.I had a great experience, Disneyland Hong Kong is a place you must go and visit.
The park is separated from the rest of Hong Kong so I recommend staying on site if you can. It is also probably the cheapest Disneyland for both tickets and accommodation.But it   s not lacking in attractions. We visited during Halloween, the Villains night time parade was spectacular, the temporary haunted house was great, but probably for bigger kids.Highlights included the IronMan Experience, Hyperspace Mountain, Jedi Training, and Grizzly Gulch. Other attractions are still great, though the long line for the Winnie the Pooh is somewhat weird, I recommend using he fast pass system for that one.Food was good, thankfully, as there are no breakfast other options. We had a quick service at tomorrow land which was filling and great Value at HK$99 for a meal. And a nice meal in the Main Street Restaurant which was pricey HK$660 for two but still very nice.It is warm during the day, but most lines are in the shade or air conditioned except for the smaller rides eg Orbitron and Dumbo. And It   s a small World is always worth the effort.We got a free fast pass for staying at the hotel. Nice perk.English is not everyone   s first language, the cast do a great job communicating though.The cast members are impeccable they take their role seriously, especially in the Jedi training.
I went just to fill in a day and to compare it to the USA Disney   s and of course it does not at all compare. The waiting times for rides were nothing less the 50 minutes and that was for the less popular rides. I would hate to be a parent trying to explain this to a child. The food was reasonably priced and transportation to get there easy. I only went to look around, and enjoyed what I saw. But if you were really wanting to go on the rides make sure you organise your fast passes before you go.
Happiest Place on earth so true. We were a group of 7 ppl 4 elderly above age 55 2adults n a kid aged 6, and what fun it was for all. Everyone loved the HK Fisneyland experience. But since it was 30 th Dec and a weekend the place was too busy, there were huge crowds every where. The park is divided in the following areasMain Street USA  Just at the entrance is the Train station which takes you to Fantasy Land. Also the parade happens at the Main Street. For th fireworks you need to take a place on the Main Street in front of the sleeping beauty castle. Adventure Land   has Alison King show, Jungle river cruise, rafts to Tarzan   s tree house, etcGrizzly Gulch   is a thrilling roller coasterMystic Point   Mystic Manor, Garden of wondersToy Story Land   RC Racer for thrill seekers, Slinky dog soon for kidsFantasyland   Sleeping Beauty Castle, Micky Philharmonic Magic show, etc. This is one of the biggest areas in the park. Tomorrowland   Hyperspace Mountain for thrill seekers, Iron Man Experience again for thrill seekers (I missed it though)
great place for kids ... rides range from average to good ... best rides i would recommend are the star wars , miner cars , mystic manor, hot wheels ...the distance on the maps is misleading .... places in reality are closer to each other ... walking shoes a must although they have strollers for kids on hire ... great place for family fun time together
Easy to get too, well organized, it was winter and school was in so not many patrons and no long queues. Though this I feel diminished the experience. Not great food options, very expensive   pack drinks and snacks.....
I love here. There are many things to do here.   Be noted that it's clouded every where here with all games and teaters.   To purcase the fast track is recommended.  Stay until late to see the fire work.  Iron man is value to wait.
A great day out with the family. I   ve now been to all the Disney parks and there is no need for multiple days at this one. As usual, the park is clean, service is great, the rides are fun, and the cheers from your kids will make it worth every penny. If your in the area and have your kids, you   ve got to go.
I'm damn disappointed while facing Castle on maintenance and I'm visiting on 2nd Jan 2018, and this is my first time visit but unfortunately no fireworks.
We booked the tickets online, thus avoid the queue at the entrance. The entrance fees and eateries inside the theme park were rather expensive. Rides were ok. It was quite crowded and some rides we had to wait for about 30 minutes. This is not the first time we were here, thus got a bit bored after a while. We do stay till the end as we wanted to watch the fireworks.
Based on Disney land in the US, but not as big. Recommend get there early before the crowds and pick what rides you want to get on without too long a wait. Once the crowds get there around 11.00am the wait can be up to 45 minutes to get on certain rides. Wide selection of activities and all included in the entrance fee. Great for kids and older people young at heart.
We stayed at the Disneyland hotel and it was worth every penny spent. The restaurants were amazing, the rooms were kept clean all the time, the staff were very friendly. The highlight was how they ushered in the New Year with spectacular performances by the Disney characters and other local celebs. The highlight for the kids was having breakfast with Mickey, Minnie and Pluto. They were so jazzed. However I would like to request if the hotel can add French fries to the room service menu as it is just as easy to prepare. All in all I would happily revisit the hotel. Thank you to the entire team!!
I had the most amazing time at Hong Kong Disneyland!! Lovely weather! I was shocked at how it wasn   t that busy as we went on the 30th December!! Went on every ride and didn   t queue for more than 35 40mins. Attractions were loads of fun. Nice food. Staff were happy. Just the perfect Disneyland trip. Thankyou!
Excellent park to visit, especially during Dec weather. Is cooling and windy. All food inside was good.
Spend a day at HK Disney and enjoy the magical land.... Star Wars Hyperspace Mountain, Iron Man Adventure, Toy Story Land, many parades, many charactersThe staff is always happy and professional in character. The Main Street is filled with shops for shopping and more shopping. It is not as crowded as other Disneys around the world. Yet it has enough attractions to last a day. Use the FastPass to better manage the queue times.
This Disney is great forthe younger family, it has a handful of exciting rides that you 7 year old will go crazy for while still keepingnyour 11 year old excited. Its easy to get around and has all the magical feeling you expect from Disney. Big tip is get there for opening time around 10am as its the quietest time and youwill have the shortest wait times. Also plan our your use of the fastpass (only one can be used at a time) this will queue for you while you take a break or queue for another ride.
I've been to the Disneyland in Florida and Tokyo and I've to say that the Disneyland in Hong Kong is small compared to them. I was kind of disappointed when I saw the castle. The rides were not as exciting as the ones in Tokyo and Florida too. Although the Disneyland in Hong Kong is smaller than the ones I visited, there were way too many tourists and it was impossible to take all the rides. As such, I missed out on some exciting rides. The queue average waiting time is about an hour or so. You can opt for FastPass at some of the attractions such as the Hyperspace Mountain and the Iron Man ride. The Disneyland also closes at 8.30pm. However the fireworks displays begin at 9pm. Food is expensive. It's about HKD100. It is an overpriced pleasure, but its still magical!
Two big kids enjoyed the whole Disney experience. The attention to detail in the park and the quality in the rides made for a fab day out.We booked a one day ticket but spent all day there (approx 10 hours) until the park closed after the fireworks finale. We felt a day was enough as the park is quite small in comparison to anything you get in USA and therefore we walked around at least twice and covered all the rides we wanted twice too. The queues for most rides were under 30 mins without paying for a fast pass. Our tip would be to buy any gifts and memorabilia when you arrive as the stores were quiet and you can leave them with guest relations to collect end of the day. The queues at the tills at the end of the day were crazy!
We were visiting Hong Kong for a week and thought it'd be worth a shot to try out Disneyland there. We weren't expecting big, and we expected it might be a bit different from Florida, but thought it would be a great one day out. The rides were great, especially Hyper Space Mountain and all the Star Wars theming of Tommorwland. The food was pretty good. The lack of all the princess stuff was a nice bonus. It was easy to get to from Causeway Bay and the restaurants had plenty of space. We never had to queue more that 15 minutes for any ride (it wasn't a holiday there). On the negative side, that castle is comically small, no Pirates of the Caribbean ride and the shops are unbelievably crowded. Would recommend for a day out, not for a whole week.
We arrived at 10.00 and there already long queued at ticket counter. I suggest buying ticket from website so you do not have to wasting time for queue.The newest ride was iron man exhibition.Young children were allowed to play almost all the ride, even the space mountain roller coaster.The staff was working quick and efficient, so even the queue are long, the waiting time was short.Do not forget use your fast pass.Restaurants were over crowd during lunch and dinner time.While you taking the mtr for going back, please kindly arrange your schedule, most visitors going back after the parade show. So avoid that time, it was over crowded.Overall, my daughter enjoyed the park very much.
Hong Kong Disneyland is perfect for young kids. The rides are suited for young kids.   Lion king show was great and worth waiting for.
Amazing day in Disneyland. Came with an elder on a wheelchair, and disney staff is always on hand to help and provide a safe passage and special queue for us. Most rides are senior and child friendly.
I love Hong Kong Disneyland because it use english everywhere, unlike Disneyland Japan that some of the rides attractions is using Japanese and you need to use translator thing.
Although we spend 2 hours in the queue to take pictures with Mickey and Minnie my 4 year old daughter and 62 year old Mom enjoyed this place equally. Good experience and was the only exciting part of my HK trip
What a great experience .. my 3 children stayed there for 12 hours filled with loads and loads of fun!!
We had an amazing day in HK disneyland, the park is much smaller than the one in EU or USA but very convenient. The only downside is the food choices, but other than that you should go go go!
Visiting Hong Kong with an 11 year old meant a trip to Disneyland was always on the cards.Getting to Disneyland is very easy with a dedicated Mickey Mouse inspired spur line off the MTR at Sunny Bay on the Tung Chung line (orange).As soon as you get off the train you know you are in a Disney resort. It's clean and there is a cheerful atmosphere.We spent our day taking in the faster rides now that our daughter is tall enough to ride them. The Star Wars HyperSpace Mountain ride is excellent and wait times are minimised with the freely available fastpass tickets.The RC Racer ride in Toy Story land is a basic pirate ship type of swing ride but styled like a radio control car and if anything a little faster, certainly more thrills than a normal pirate ship ride.The Big grizzly Mountain Runaway mine cars ride was closed during the day but opened later in the evening. This was a boon as we were able to ride this attraction 4 times in a row as the rest of the park had gone to the main street for the parade.Tarzan's treehouse is looking a bit tired and frankly dated... time for rethink there I would suggest. That said the adjacent Jungle River cruise was good fun.The Jedi academy in Tomorrowland was also good fun, 11yo getting to train with other Padewan Learners and ultimately go up against Darth Vader and his apprentice. All in all we had a great day. Only saw one Disney character (Alice) all day but as our 11 yo wasn't that bothered about photos and signatures neither were we!
I live in the US and I enjoy how the Disney brand is interpreted in its sites abroad. I loved the unique experience thought that the shows were world class. As with any Disney experience, I recommend getting there when they open, go on all the ride that you'd like to do (to avoid lines) because it gets crowded quickly.
a nice orderly place, with lots of rides, suitable for different ages; staff are friendly and able to speak English;
While much smaller than its Tokyo counterpart, and with lots of overlap in rides, it more than made up for it, for an English speaking family, by the strong mix of languages at shows etc.  The Lion King performance was a standout on the day.
Have been to almost all disney around the world. Been here twice its much bigger now. Clean restrooms. Much better service. My only complaint is i dont see much disney characters going around. When we were in paris we always see them almost every corner of the huge 2 park. But here u rarely see them. We where saying maybe they are short staff? My daugther was dissapointed coz we did not even see the original disney characters only mickey and minnie and donald the electric parade was awesome! Especially the cars. For me this park is more on rides only not encounter with characters.
Brought kids to the place.  A lot of options to choose from.  We all have a great time.  Space shuttle is a must try!
Go to the Tomorrowland and try out the Marvel and Star Wars rides and shows. Get some fast passes and try to go during the weekdays between Monday to Thursday. Friday crowd is huge already.
Visited the park with my family on Wednesday. Tickets cost HK$619. IMO the park tickets are very expensive. The park is not very huge. Hence a 1 day ticket is sufficient unless you are staying in one of the resort hotels. Not many adult rides. Majority are kids friendly rides. For more adult rides, suggest to go Ocean Park instead. It   s also cheaper. Some of rides can queue for approx 30 45 mins.Food wise, There are a variety food offerings in the park from chinese to western meals. Set meal with a main course and soft drink will set you back approximately HK$100 150.We stayed there for the fireworks. It   s the last few shows before they shutdown the fireworks for a long period of renovation. The show was spectacular. Unfortunately they don   t offer it already. At the Main Street, there were even man made snow. Nice attempt to bring the Christmas mood.
It   s Disneyland, as if your not going to go! My wife and I love these parks. There is many familiarities to the other Disney parks but plenty of new stuff to look at and do also. Get there early and avoid the fast pass rides(there is only 3 and u can fast pass them later to get a short que) go for the big ticket rides in the toy story land and the grizzly land as those lines get upwards of 50mins throughout the day. Watch the shows especially the lion king one  it was a fantastic show, way better then We expected it to be. Also Stay for the night light parade at 7:30   was a huge highlight. Other then that just enjoy the happiness !
If you have seen Disneyland overseas then you don   t need to see it here, it   s expensive and targeted at children.
toilets were horrifying. crowd was madness. the christmas tree blocking fireworks. shops were in a huge mess. i think some tourist really spoil the park.
This park is very quaint with an amazing background of mountains and ocean. It is super clean and has some great rides that other parks do not have. Get there early as crowds accumulate after lunch so lines can be long. Would definitely go back!
Abt 40mins from Kowloon via MTR. Cool disney train from Sunny Bay to Disneyland station (just 1 stop).Purchased entrance tix & mealsvia Klook which was useful. No need to queue at tix counter. Head straight to turnstile, gain entry & exchange your meal vouchers after gaining entry.Smaller area with shorter queues compared to Tokyo. Iron man ride was an enjoyable. Son also enjoyed the Jedi training which you have to register at the gift shop next hyperspace mountain. Make good use of the fastpass where possible (mainly for hyperspace, iron man & winnie the pooh rides). Toy story land was nice. The castle is relatively small & not accessible. The 2 parades were good (shorter than Tokyo), highlight was Lightning McQueen and Mac truck.Lots of food option & very expensive.Capped off the night with fantastic fireworks display. Be prepare for long queue if you're taking the train back.
Very nice n memorable visit to disneyland the name stands for it definitetly wii go back and bring more family and friends
It   s a nice visit but there are just too many people. Every places required long queue especially eateries.
It was my second visit to Disneyland in a gap of ten years. While all the excitement remains the same, the visiting hours of Mickey,minney,and Pluto have reduced which means of you are not in the queue at the right time, you will miss a photograph with them. However we manage to meet goofy twice and take a family snap which was fun. Some of the rides like flying elephant, tea cup, Winnie the Pooh had their old charm. We used the Disney railroad from main Street USA to fantasy land. We went into the fairy tale garden and took some good photograph. Then, we queued up for the festival f lion show. The show was bright and had a nice story to tell. Towards the evening we came back to main Street USA to watch parade.
Fantastic family day out, immaculately clean, lots to see & do, food outlets excellent with lots of choice, book tickets through Klook.com
Second time to Disneyland HongKong. Not much change except additional themes and rides.   Overall still enjoyable experience especially for kids.   Night parade more extravagant than afternoon one
Awesome place. Rides for everyone, scary rides, adventure rides, funny rides, experiences etc. Kids love the place for sure. Only thing which i didn't liked was the cost of food items, ice creams, gift items  souvenirs etc..everything was pretty expensive. After every ride you will end up into a shopping zone where such items were being sold. Avoid taking luggage to the place as they charge a lot to keep the luggage.
If you   re in love with Disney then it   s a must go. It   s small but there are the mine gulch and the mansion. Both are very good. Ironman the ride is not worth the wait so if you want to do it take a fast pass.
Plan your day with maps on hand, cover Star Trek, Iron Man, Loin King Show. Don't miss the parade both in the day and night. Perfect getaway for your family day out. Loads of rides and activities for both adults and kids.
Slightly expensive but its great for kids below 12 13. Plenty of rides and attractions. Good infrastructure. Go early mornings by 9.30 and leave by 5 or so. Crowd gets more after noon. Can't really explain more since Disney is a world famous brand and people already know what to expect. Not much for adults though,
It was my first time ever to Disneyland. I freaking love it!!! . We took MTR not far from our hotel (within walking distance). We had to change train 2x. The last train was Disneyland's train. We arrived there about 10 am ish & stayed up to about 9pm. We were buggered but it was worth it. We took some of the rides, free train ride, Gold mine ride and Star Wars ride. Had lunch and did some shopping. It wasn't cheap but I thought what the heck, I'm on holiday. It was really worth a visit to Disneyland for a 'young at heart' adults
Having been to many amusement parks around the world, this is probably one of the less exciting ones for young adult travelers though there are plenty of offers for kids.   One day pass was definitely enough!
It's Disneyland! Entertainment and Fun Standards are well maintained.Pros  Less crowded (compared to Tokyo Disney)  Smaller so not so exhausted exploring it  Food is not too bad hereCons  Not much info on which character appears where  underwhelming (short) Parade  some shows been there since the start  as usual we only get to take photos with Mickey Mouse when not in Disneyland LOL
I visited Disney Land Hong Kong last year while on a 2 day trip. Overall it was okay and would be very exciting for kids or someone who had never been to a Disney Land before. I have been to others previously and found Hong Kong to be the smallest of them with only a few real adult rides. Space Mountain was by far the best of these. The evening fireworks were great as always and staff fantastic. Could do the park in half a day if required. We arrived at 11am and had seen it all by 3pm but hung around for the Parade. Lots of queues but not bad by Disney Land standards
The park decoration and events are awesome during the holiday season. We enjoyed the Mickey and Friends Christmastime Ball as well as the night parade. Best to purchase via Klook to avoid the queue!  Suggestion:  Please put more restrooms.
Can   t get many ferries with a similar view.  Steeped in history it   s a great, quick and easy way to get around Hong Kong.  Clean and punctual it   s a must do on any visit
In essence, if you come after 11 am, you will only find a huge ultra loud Disney Hollywood themed upsell heaven, a huge outdoor mall with expensive toys and food, and occasional rides with 45 90 minute wait times. You will also find that some attractions with long queues are just walk through  art  displays or talking cartoon characters   a ridiculous waste of time, if you ask me. So, if it's rides you're after, the main thing is to come early, just when the doors open at 9:30. You will then enjoy all the rides within some 90 minutes and then spend the rest of your time as you please. If you can't, do buy the fast pass, you'll be helpless and very dissatisfied without it. Another worthy option is to book a stay at one of the three hotels around the park: they offer an extra admission hour from 8:30 to 9:30 in the morning plus 1 fast pass on any ride for all guests, and that helps a lot. You don't have to book direct or at HK DL site, booking.com and other aggregators may offer better deals.Prices are another pain point. Dining is quite expensive, either in the park or in hotels. You do want to consider the dining coupons offered on HK DL website, as well as ticket hotel combos and other offers; they make sense. The offers and prices there and at klook.com are the cheapest (and identical), but at Klook you can collect points and save at other HK attractions (you can save 25 HKD off your first order with code WK7A9 then explore more coupons at picodi.com). Alternatively, do bring your own snacks and drinks.If you can still feel your feet at the end of your DL experience, exit the park and walk right of the whale sculpture. You'll enjoy a beautiful and almost empty (yet also plagued with loud music) passage to the pier and hotel gardens, and a great seaside view. First hotel to your right has a great bush maze, children love it. Afterwards you can exit through the hotel and take a free shuttle bus to the train station.
Hey all this is my second visit to hongkong Disney land . It remains the same for having a quality time with family . Nothing has changed in last 5 years but they have increased some attractions . Please note don   t take any hand lung gage as it   s not allowed , u have to pay 100 dolllar for keeping it in vaults . There is nothing for pure vegan . It   s expensive to buy tickets there or online . Go to Klook.com and buy tickets on discount . Go n enjoy ...
Having been here before on a quite day we visited on Christmas Day whilst on a visit to HongKong. It was crazy with crowds but being Disney it was still worth the visit and as magical as you'd expect from Disneyland.
We had a lovely day here, but certainly did not need a second day (Gold Coast theme parks have just as much, if not more to offer). We enjoyed the Jungle river boat ride and the treehouse. We skipped the little kids section, as we were travelling with a 12 y o. The food, like most theme parks was expensive and deep fried. The Disney characters were great, but long lines for a photo. The transport system out the front is exceptional and the surrounding areas are immaculate!
We went there on 24th Dec, it was fully crowded. Its a must go if you have kids, kids will definitely love, else you may skip if need to. There were two shows which we as a couple with no kids liked the most   lion king and mickey and wondrous book.In Dec they are having Christmas   New year parade, new stage shows in the main lawn area which were really worth witnessing, loved them. Enjoy with your kids!
We had one day in HK and decided to spend it at Disneyland based on reputation. I must admit   we didn't know what to expect, but based on the movies   it seemed as a must visit. The place is massive   but definitely more geared towards the family experience and young ones. The rides were fun but not exhilarating. Also expected more of the characters to be visible Entry fee is of course sky high   thus as a value for money attraction   would not recommend.All in all Disneyland has been ticked off the bucket list   but a bittersweet experience.
My wife and I decided to visit Hong Kong for the Christmas, New Year's holidays. Being our first time in Hong Kong we want to see as much as possible. We decided to add a trip to Disneyland as part of our journey. And may I say we didn't regret it. The park is smaller than most of the Disney parks but that didn't bother us. As usual the food and drinks are ridiculously priced and in most of the park's food places it's cash only. The day we went the average wait time was about 30 minutes and the weather was perfect. If you visit Hong Kong and you enjoy Disney plan a day trip. You won't regret it. One other thing they have there own train line with the MTR it makes getting there a breeze.
Not to mention children... even we adults just love this place! The rides were great for families to play together, the Disney crew will friendly and always give out stickers to children. Thumbs up to all the fantastic working crew in Disneyland! We will definitely come back again!
I was pleasantly surprised by my experience here. I have been fortunate enough to visit the non Asian Disney parks (including the tremendous parks in Orlando) and I was expecting the Hong Kong version to be perhaps a bit underwhelming. Not so. It had all the crowd pleasers and some rather unique experiences not found in the other parks. Both my child and the adults accompanying loved our visits.Deserving special mention would be the Mystic Manor and Runaway mine car rides. Mystic Manor was their take on the Haunted Mansions of the other Disney parks. It had minimal ghostly effects though and was all the better for it. It was an enchanting trackless ride in a choreographed group of four ride vehicles through an atmospheric and enchanting set of rooms (depending on which pair of vehicles you take you get a slightly different ride perspective; my favorite is the front pair). One of the better rides in any Disney park. The runaway mine cars rides is also a very well judged roller coaster ride with three distinct ride segments that will ensure everyone gets something they enjoy. Also enjoyed the Star Wars treatment of the Space Mountain ride.Park staff were friendly, park and toilets clean and food tasty. There are halal options for Muslim guests who should note that the turkey hot dog stand next to the bakery near the entrance is the only such stand in the park that has halal meat. Some restaurants are also halal certified.Really enjoyed my visit and would come again. For first time visitors a two day pass is recommended so that you can experience all the attractions and take your favorite ones twice.
As in any famous theme park, and add to that the peak Christmas travel season, there are a lot of people everywhere!!! But it does not matter... For major rides, take advantage of the FastPass. I found this very helpful. All staff are graceful and helpful, despite that they had to work extended hours and even if there are really lots of people visiting that day. Very organized and efficient during the parades. Note though that fireworks will no longer be shown after 1 Jan 2018, so lucky me that I made it before that.. to have a magical experience to witness the last few fireworks display.
Easy excess.. rented the pram for my girl. Cost 200hk(100hk depo).   Very limited rides for young kids.. so only manage to walk around and enjoy the deco and halal food was good. Costly as usual.
The place is truly awesome. Helpful staff and information was easy to find with their help or guidemaps which were given to us. Food may be a challenge for most. Since I was there on Christmas day the place was swarming with people. The best and the most awesome part was the floats and the fireworks. I would definitely visit again.
this is the best disney by far because it has no lines.  we were floored that we could get off space mountain and get right back on again with less than a five minute wait.  we are spoiled.
Rides are more catered to young children. Nothing much for adults. However, you should bring your camera because there are amazing shots to be taken. Make sure to stay right till the end as there is a show and there are also fireworks.
Had great time here with my family. Everyone enjoyed themselves especially my daughter. Rides was quite good and the staff was helping.
At noon we arrived, traveled by the disney train! Thank God the weather didnt give us any hard time XD. It has been more than 30 years since my last visit to the dream land! Feeing .... kinda weird. We took our near 4 year old girl with us and we went to areas for the little ones! Funny but she had a great time, went on the winni the pooh train ride, Merry go round, and Jimbo the elephant ride! Had lunch and supper there. Food was okay , price is a bit on the high side. Over all, kid had wicked day and bought loads of souvenirs home. Next time will go to Tokyo Disney Land!
Overall I actually love Disneyland and had a pretty great time. What ruined in for me was no one spoke to me. I've had rheumatoid arthritis since I was two and use a wheelchair and at every attraction bar one or two (shout out to guy at the carousel) every single employee asked my husband if I can walk transfer. After 27 years in a wheelchair I had gotten used to it (which is messed up in itself), but I found that once I had children people realised I could most likely respond. I had my three year old in my lap 90% of the time and my six year old nearby. I was usually chatting to them when the cast would overlook me to speak to my husband.I'm feeling a little less than because of this treatment. No one deserves to feel overlooked and less than. Merry Christmas Also   I'm a speech pathologist....
Disneyland Hong Kong really doesn   t offer the variety of rides that would appeal to an adult and older children. Rides like grizzly gulch, hyperspace mountain and Rc racer are highlights. However it seems that many of the rides are toned down for Hong Kong audience. The park is a 1 day endeavour and is easily navigated. Staff as always demonstrate the qualities of the Disney brand. The park really needs to improve adventure land as it fails to offer anything of substance. Park is clean and functions efficiently
The best offer you can get is to have a 2 day pass in Disney since you can not explore it in a day and the few hundred of HK$ for the 2nd day. You should buy to a local tours ticket are cheaper than what is posted at Disney ONLINE.
Good experienced and never get bored whenever you visit many times ! All the rides are well managed and staff are kindly assist all the visitors. Toilets also maintained clean and cozy. You can find it everywhere easily. At night some areas a bit tio dark but still okay for senior people to walk slowly. Electrical Parade was fantastic, once it finished, then the staff need to improve how to control too many people in that area go to the right direction.
Disneyland never fails to give me the magical moment! Also loved the rooms at the hotels, big spacious, friendly staffs and clean!
Loved visiting Disneyland with all its Christmas theming it was magical. The lines for the attractions were quite long and you did need to wait up to 50mins in some cases, but the atmosphere made up for it. Food was quick and really good. Will definitely be back again.
Such a cheerful place to visit that is easily accessible from downtown Hong Kong via public transit. An enjoyable day trip for sure.
I had a blast. I have never been to any Disneyland so I don   t know what to expect. I guess I was just blown away by the excitement and the child in me so I soaked in everything with big smiles and just be happy about it. The entrance is easy, as we took the shuttle bus from the Disneyland Resort hotel. Walk for 10 mins and reached the gate. I bought tix online and redeemed easily thru the hotel guest gate. So were our meal coupons. The park is huge, and i   m glad that they have this train circling the park. It was almost Christmas and it was Sunday so the pack was there. Average 30 50 mins to wait for a ride, but we went for a Fast Pass for the Iron Man Expo, which was awesome. Had late lunch at Royal Banquet Hall and the steak did not disappoint.Do not miss the parades and the fireworks, it made our day even more spectacular and we went back to hotel extremely tired, but happy! Kudos to the team behind all the shows. I will be back and try other Parks too!
We all enjoyed Disney! Even teenagers! Not too grounted. Cean and fresh. Lots of rides. Shopping was made eacy  they   ll take your shoppingat The gate so no need to carry it!
Look, there's just one Disneyland, and comparisons are always odious. Also, to be fully trite, here's another one  When in Rome... So, when in HK, you gotta do the touristy thing and go to Disneyland. It is a great place and the rides are super. Kids love it   they are easy to please, anyway. The lines suck, but they do so everywhere.I had mini heart attacks every time I saw the food snacks prices. I know that's how they earn but everything was just so unnecessarily expensive! Though seeing the happy faces of my sons did assuage that horror somewhat. The adult me cringed at the blatant phoniness but trust me, kids love that kind of in your face stuff. One good thing was the Star Wars display and the parade which kept them mesmerized.
I took my wife and daughter to Hong Kong Disneyland while on a Christmas holiday. We are avid fans and have been to Tokyo Disney, Disneyland California and Disney World at least 50 times so we decided we couldn   t miss Hong Kong.This park is the smallest and most suitable for younger children but there are some unique features. There are only (4) thrill rides in the park. In our opinion the Runaway Mine Train was the best. Think Thunder Mountain but with a few twists. Hyperspace Mountain is a small scale version of Space Mountain and will appeal to fans of that ride in the US. The Iron Man Ride is a simulator and very good. Mystic Manor is a must see! It   s a hyped up and fun version of the Haunted Mansion and the technology and special effects are amazing!There are limited food options through the park compared to US parks but quality is very good.We visited on a Friday and crowds were manageable. Never waited more than 25 minutes despite posted wait times of 45 60 minutes.
Since noon time 12 I reach to front door Disney land , until 6 pm , I only can visit 5 game stations , it is really big land and long queuing for many places , the food choice only fast food inside , expensive but not good taste , near by main door the chineses resteraunt must wait 1 hour to get seat , next time I will bring own water and sandwich carry to there , the most game I like is iron man , and mystery house among the games that I play ; they close at 9 , if you bring you kids go there better prepare some water and snacks also going to there a bit ealier morning .
We took our boys to Disneyland Shanghai last year and it was amazing. HK Disneyland was pleasant but there were not the thrilling rides. All in all it was fun to see some of our favourite characters and the Halloween parade was awesome. Highlight was the Lion King show   the performers were fabulous.
I am impressed with Hkg disneyland in many aspects. The service provided was extraordinary. Their staff is friendly and polite unlike the Japanese in Tokyo Disneyland. Most people wld have expected the service from Japanese to be better but i beg to differ. In tokyo, we were rushed into rides with unfriendly ushers and they were really impatient as they frowned and shouted. In Hkg, my experience was totally different. They were polite and told the visitors nicely where to exit in 3 languages, eng, mandarin and cantonese. Even in states, the service was on par. Tokyo Disneyland is a letdown when we visited last yr. i will say not to waste extra money gg to Tokyo and settle with Hkg Disneyland!
This is a smaller version of the LA Disneyland but still just as fun.We thoroughly recommend going during the HK winter, as there are no crowds and its nice and cold. Buy the tickets on line and go mid week. We suggest taking your own picnic, as most of the cafes are closed as its off season. There were only two restaurants open, but as it was easy to get a table and the food was OK.There were no queues and we were able to get on all rides and attractions with minimal queueing. The MTR is an easy and efficient way to get there, with the train taking you right to the door.
I didn't expect much   I have been in Asterix park with the kids etc. But it was good time with family. One day is enought. Food is also superb in the park. All atractions   excellent. Tikcet price is reasonable. Easy to find from city.
I have to say, I love Halloween and the best time to visit Disneyland for me is during this season. The dark parade is enough reason to stay and catch the glow in the dark spectacle of villains, monsters, and the Pumpkin King himself, Jack Skellington. I have yet to go to Disneyland during another season, so am sorry if this review isn't much help :) the weather during this time is good enough to be out. Not too hot and not too cold. Plus the number of people weren't that overwhelming. Still best to go early so youhave ample time to roam around, rest and recharge, and have a go at it.It will be a bit weird for English native speakers to watch Mickey Mouse and Co. speak Mandarin during some of the Live Shows but trust me it's no issue in the long run. There are subtitles on a screen either side of the stage. Apart from that the songs we all know and love are the same.
A good Family Fun day out to be had here. It is very small compared to the Anaheim Disney Land which I have been to several times. However this is still a good one to visit. The lines weren't that long for the rides attractions. But be prepared to pay a lot of money for food and drinks, as you always do at these types of attractionsOverall little kids and big kids will have fun
Is overpriced for what it is. was not up to my expectation of the USA experience, so came away feeling quite disappointed cues were very long and the staff not so able to hand western English speaking visitors.
Disney flair plus Asian courtesy    a great combination. It's not too big    actually very comfortable to negotiate on foot. The lines were not long. The attractions totally up to date with the newest characters as well as the old standbys. The parades exciting. The food everywhere. Something wonderful for all ages: children, teenagers, adults! You will not want to leave.
Try to go on a weekday. Supposed to be much less crowded. Booked our tickets through klook. Try to research before about events and parades.
Not that big but will grow in the future.  Best for small kids or those that might not get to any other Disney facility.  All done in one day   or half a day for adults without kids.
less than my expectation, especially the fireworks highlight of the day. the rest was okayed. one more thing they need to use more english for their show.
I went there when I was five years old which was five years ago! Now I   m ten.I would say that there was a lot of changes and it has improved.The rides are all very awesome but they   re also very short. Considering all the wait in the long queue at the end of the day you think to yourself it wasn   t worth it. But if you think about it you   re not in Disneyland everyday!
Best experience ever   the hotel itself, if you're staying is also amazing. Highly recommend it to anyone who is a disney character lover.
Our first visit to disneyland and it was magic although too noisy for our three year old. The music played everywhere which was part of the magic, however it got be too much for small ears. The shows, rides and all the settings where however amazing!
Hong Kong Disneyland was one of the most memorable trip in my entire life. It brought lots of joys and took back me to my childhood days.  A fun loving and must visit for eveyone.
Nice place to visit. The rides are fun. I went on a weekday so not too crowded. The food at Disneyland are nice but a bit pricey. All shops there are nice and well stocked with toys, souvenirs, utensils, stationery and snacks. The parade is wonderful and the fireworks in the evening is fantastic.
I went with my mom and lil sister. It was summer so it was super hot, i learned it the hard way that u HAVE to bring used sunblock beforehand coz I got sunburned badly I went on friday and there were not many people inside the park! I rode most of the big rides (7 rides including big grizzly bear my favs, mystic manor, its a small world, hyperspace mountain, and other small attractions) The wait time is between 0 10 minutes MAX! Which is super awesome coz we dont have to que and stand in line for so long. The food tho quite disappointing, I ate at banquet hall(if im not wrong its the castle foodplace) and ordered fish and fries, my sis got hamburger and fries, and my mom ordered some noodles. The foods were bland :( The cafes pastries and bread are really good, i ordered this flaky chashiu pastry and ice milktea it was really tasty!The staffs and cast are lovely, helpful and nice, toilets are clean and big, they also have water fountain for u to drink free if u dont mind drinking from tap water.Unfortunately I did not stay for fireworks :    but for my first disney park experience I enjoyed it so much!!One tip for you all the merchandise are ofc overprice(its disney what do u expect) I recommend u to not buy the    foods    items inside the giftshops such as candies, ramen, lollypop, etc, why? Cause they are soooo overprice and you can get ur own disney themed candies foods outside disneyland!!! For example i bought this gummy candy from the park and it cost 65 HKD the. I went to best mart 360 guess what I found same exact candy for 12 HKD!!!! And guess what they have other candies with better taste and packaging with DISNEY LICENCED as well!!! So dont waste ur money for candies foods inside the park giftshops, visit bestmart 360 after, your welcome!!
We were advised to go on a weekday and we did to avoid the crowds.  Don't bother, it was manic !  The worst part was the queuing    it took us 90mins from when we got off the train to actually entering the park !...More
It was a lot of fun for my family with young children. Not to big of a park to get overwhelmed. Staff was friendly and courteous.
Fantastic place if you have kids under 9 10. Cosy, small, in some days mid week is not crowded. Worth to have a yearly pass or book via Klook.
Bought tickets online to save time when entering park. Spent the full day at park and closed off with night display of fireworks. The queues were a bit long but fast tracked queues from vouchers received at Disney hotel. Personal family favorites were the iron...More
Disneyland still has its charm. Great for families with young kids. Best to go on a weekday to avoid long queues. Download the official app for more efficient time management. Tickets can also be purchased online beforehand from travel agents (go google) at discounted prices.
Last visit is more than 10 years ago without kids. First visit to Disneyland for the kids and they are very excited about the trip. The park is definitely slightly much bigger than the last trip we in 2006 07 and a park that not only...More
Lot of lovely stuff there. Foods are quite expensive . The visitors should plan very well to join all interesting things with in one day
Got bored after a few hours. Only ride that was good was the ironman show. And, well, probably some of the live action shows. Other than that, place is too crowded and meant to appeal to children, not adults
disneyland is such a magical place. it makes me happy. i have been to both disneyland in los angelos and orlando. the hk disneyland is a bit on the small side, but the fun is the same! love it when you go with family and friends.
If you're going to Hong Kong defiantly check out Disneyland it's a great day out no matter what your age! The atmosphere is fantastic along with all the fun rides and entertainment. My visit was in may and the park was really quiet, the longest we waited for an attraction was about 20 mins! Incredibly short waiting times made experiencing the park a breeze and we were able to go on the rides more than once. The entertainment was incredible, from the parades to the firework show! Getting to the park is super easy with Hong Kings train system, the trains are super efficient, cheap, clean and safe, I stayed in Kowloon east and it took under an hour to get there, taking 2 trains both only about a 10  15 minute journey and then taking the Disneyland train which is an experience in itself. Definitely recommend and the best way to travel is with an octopus card which you scan when you enter the station and scan again once you arrive at your destination.
We stayed at Disney Hotel which is 10 min walk from this place. Ended up buying 2 days ticket so we can take our leisurely time to explore the place. The hotel gave us 2 Premier Passes which allow you to skip the queue in 2 of the 5 selected rides. Very useful indeed.Another tip is to make use of the FastPass facility so that you don't spend too much of your time standing in the queue.Download the Disney app which provides real time information on the queueing time in each ride.
parks are well maintained. Staff are friendly.   In comparison with Tokyo disneyland, this park is relatively small and have less games.  if you plan properly, you can play most of the games within a day.   The toys in the shops are expensive.
First queued for 45 minuets for opening then at ten o   clock it opened well we thought it had opened , no got to Main Street with a white line across the street to be stopped by staff , which honestly made the gestapo look like angels you dared cross the line and they were on you like a pack of hungry wolves do not cross the line the park opens at 10.30am another half hour wait .Half past ten came and by this time there were thousands waiting to go which to me was dangerous as people surged to get to the rides , but wait only certain parts were open the rest wouldn   t open until 11.00am again chains across the paths and more aggressive border guards ( don   t cross the line ) this put a real down on the day if we knew we would have waited until lunch before going .The park it self is quiet small and the rides just average and after the opening downer we stayed for lunch and left before 2.00pm , my advice is good for families but don   t go until after lunch unless you want to stand around for hours while the whole park opens and you aren   t scared to cross the line in case of snipers and aggressive border guards ( even kids were aggressively told not to cross the line )All in all if your only adults don   t bother a waste of money better spent elsewhere Magic kingdom it ain   t more like Stalag 17
This place is not just for kids it   s for all age groups.. apart of way it is made it   s remarkable how it   s been maintained and staff is super trained and courteous. You need 2 day to cover entire park as there is lot of waiting for each rides. Food options are good but over priced. My favourite moment was to meet IRON MAN
The theme park superb story galleries even much better but the rides ok types. To much Q n the rides are timed very short u wait for so long and before u realise the ride is over. The toys inside are quite expensive but they...More
I went with my boyfriend for our final day in HK, the park itself wasn't overcrowded and was quite cute. The rides aren't huge and its fairly small in comparison to other Disney theme parks but I didnt mind that. What I did mind however,...More
Enjoyed a day here with my 10 month old grandson and his mum. Lots of rides for small folk and shows galore! Didn   t stay for the firework display as 6 hours of Disney music is enough for a lifetime!!! But definitely worth a visit, easy to access via MTR. Baby changing facilities were good, merchandise galore, just wish there were one or two quiet areas!!
Went to Hong Kong Disneyland with apprehension as heard very little park compared to American parks, still managed to enjoy not as many adult rides but still enjoyable , queues were far shorter than USA   ticked the third park off list , fireworks in evening still worth the wait  will have to return after park made bigger, good train link to park
They have starwars merchandises everywhere and sadly I am not a fan of starwars but rides are fun and queue was not that bad (30min   ) on Saturday afternoon.   People going during winter, do stay for the xmas tree light up at 6.15pm!
Definitely a must visit place in Hong Kong. To be able to do all the activities and visit everything, a full day is recommended
I went because my wife wanted to go... I love roller coasters and thrill rides. This park was tiny and had none of that.
Compare to tokyo disneyland was smaller but worth a try out. When there around 1130am as the park u can enjoy there for a whole day. Firework started at 830pm u must see it. A little advice... purchase ticket from klook add in meal voucher as the food there was really expensive.
I felt this is more for Kids than youth. hence you have kids than only visit this place else better go to Ocean Park.
I went to Disneyland with other adults, no children in our group. It's a fabulous day out with excellent facilities and really fun activities. My favourite was the StarWars space mountain and I highly recommend the Grizly Mountain Minecars. The LionKing show was wonderful as well. My unexpected highlight was the Iron Man experience. Over all Disneyland should not be missed on a trip to HongKong.
We had to go to Disney as soon as our grown up daughters knew there was a Disney here. It was a weird experience as the locals were constantly taking pictures off all 6 of us as we were the only whites there. Great place to spend the day though.
well , its disneyland, what more can you sayits worth the entrance fee, if your budget allows it, go here.the iron man ride is really good and funthe only negative thing i can say about the park is about the food, the STARLINER DINER serves really bad chicken. cardboard actually has more flavor than their chicken. its cheapest resto available on the park, but the food is REALLY bad, just go for the fries and drinks
I have been before about 10 years ago. This is a great park plenty to do and not too big. As not a fan of rollercosters it was fine for me and my boyfriend who is a rollercoster fan.We got the ticket that you pay extra for a meal, we got burger and chips and a drink this was great value, ticket also included a snack   best popcorn I've tasted. They have a Pandora store which I bought a limited edition disney charm. Qued the most was 20mins and its disney magic. The Lion king show was fab, the night parade was magical and the disney fireworks were great. Also great transport got the disney train that is designed with disney windows etc. What a great fun day!
We start our trip here from 1 pm but we still done all attraction.   Not so big as Tokyo but its also good to soend your time here.  Food and drink are expensive here as ususal
If you   ve never been to a Disneyland this is a good introduction to what Disney has to offer. If you   ve been to Disney in any other country, consider this a miniature, manageable one day version of it. The attention to details are to be admired. A lot of rides and attractions are localised, especially the Ironman Experience (which replaced the Buzz Lightyear ride). Most narration is in English, Cantonese and Putonghua, with some being in Cantonese only (Animation Academy). The Mickey Wonderous Book Show was all in Cantonese except the singing parts. However there are subtitles and it doesn   t really take away from understanding of the the graphics show. The restaurants are nothing special. The quality of food is below par and are overpriced. When we went three of the main restaurants were closed so food choice was limited. Luckily we were staying in the hotel so we had that option instead. I didn   t see any drinking water stations. We went on Saturday and Sunday. We ended up not needing the fast pass. Lines were 30 mins max. The lines which were 50mins plus we skipped until later in the evening. If you get to the park as soon as it opens, you can fit in most of the rides before noon. Late afternoon was when it got crazy busy. The evening parade was spectacular. Very impressive. The fireworks were impressive as they are much lower than most firework displays so it was extremely bright. The accompanying music was what made it extra special. And the fake snow comes on right after which was fun.
Visited Disneyland for a couple of days and the Christmas decoration and programs were very nice. The crowd wasn't too bad and we could easily find seats during dining. The disappointing things were that the character queues were exceptionally short, partly due to the Christmas program, and there were just so few photographers. You can walk the main street up to the Christmas trees all day without a single Photographer.
If you like California Disneyland you   ll love Hong Kong Disneyland with its similar compact size. The park is laid out in the same pattern as its California counterpart   pass through Sleeping Beauty   s castle to enter Fantasyland, turn right for Tomorrowland, etc. Of course, there are key differences that make this park special, including hearing instructions in Cantonese before English, watching mainly Chinese cast members perform, and dining at restaurants featuring a variety of Chinese and Japanese items along with American hamburgers. It is at once a fun and cultural experience.My two favorite rides were The Iron Man Experience, a motion simulator movie ride that has Iron Man saving downtown Hong Kong Island, and Mystic Manor, a high tech reimagining of The Haunted Mansion. But no ghosts appear in this through the dark ride. Instead it retells the weird stories of explorer Lord Henry Mystic and his too curious pet monkey Albert. There are surprises funny and scary at every turn.The stage performances are top quality, including    Festival of the Lion King    with special effects, choreography, and singing on par with    The Lion King    on Broadway. My only letdown was the Iron Man Showcase when the hostess began by announcing    Our presentation will be Cantonese    and began to explain the various projects without one word of English. I was completely lost. Fortunately when Iron Man spoke, his words were only English. (Did this confuse the largely Chinese crowd?) A day   s visit here is worth the time, and you probably can do everything in one day if you come when the park opens and play all day, enjoying lunch and dinner on site.
Just a quick stop off before heading to Australia. When I saw HK had a DisneyLand I had to go. I   ve not been to Disneyland in any other country so was so excited. Easy to get to. Very well sign posted on the tubes. Loved that it was Christmassy. Rides very good. Not many big scary rides. Perfect for me as I   m a wimp. Staff friendly. Lion King show amazing. Singing and dancing so talented. Caramel Popcorn was a nice treat. Only let down was the food. We had burger and chips. Chips nice slightly warm but burger was cold and tasteless.
There are limited rides compared to the one in Japan. The park is small and crowded. However, most queues are relatively short if you go on a weekday. Expect to wait about 20mins. If you had never been to Disneyland, then this will be a good one to start.
Best place to visit to bring your childhood memories back to life with your kids you can enjoy almost the rides you can the stories which you heard for years from your parents and teachers absolute must visit place awesome is one word can be used for this place.
Hong Kong Disneyland gives you the full Disney experience. We both the 2 day flexi pass and went in on the Thursday and Monday. Both days were relatively uncrowded, unlike the weekends. Most rides only had about a 10 minute wait. We watched the Lion King show which was excellent, then the parades. The night time parade (Light the Night) has characters from Monsters Inc, Lilo & Stitch and Cars as well as Mickey, Donald, etc. I recommend getting the Photo pass as the photographers take plenty of photos and also do the  magic shots  with characters added to your photos. There are plenty of food places for lunch and dinner. Stay for the fireworks at 8.30pm. The Disney train station for the MTR is right at the front gate and you can get free shuttle buses to the Disney hotels. We will definitely be going back!!
Visited with wife and two kids 5 and 9 years old. There is a lot to do and see. We had fun. We did one day so we did not get to see everything. The long queues are well managed and move fast. Good crowd management. Shops are a bit pricey. The night show is a must see! It was awesome!
It   s Disneyland so is worth a visit, however you need to note the park is quite small.Having visited LA, Florida and Paris, thought I would visit HK Disney whilst in the city. Lots of great Disney touches such as the train you take to the park. I arrived at opening so the ride times were almost instant for the first couple of hours. I spent 6 hours in the park and was surprised that I had completed most of it. It is certainly a lot smaller than its counterparts that I had previously visited.Obviously great for families and Disney fans. Glad I   ve done it but probably wouldn   t go again in the future.
We had a good time in Disneyland     WHO DOESNT ; ).. it was all decked up for the holiday season.. The rides were all suited for kids and my 5 year old loved the Ironman exhibit and the 4D show (we did that twice).. and so also the grizzly roller coaster ride. The rides here have a smaller height requirement and most of the rides can be done by kids.. Over the day the park sure gets crowded although we went on a weekday to beat the crowd.. I recommend that study the park before you go.. and identify the rides you want to take FOR SURE types so that you get to them ASAP and avoid long queues.For example by the end of the day the Carousel queues were really long and we skipped that.. You can consider getting fast pass too.. (we didnt).DONT MISS the Disney parade that happens at 3PM or the time they keep announcing.. And the highlight for us was the night parade.. This was the first time we were seeing it (don   t remember seeing it in Paris or US) and we were floored with it.. Its something you GOT TO WATCH to see the    Magic   .Found it better than the fireworks too.. Beat that!!All in all.. good fun.. if you are in HK and have kids (well even otherwise) .. it   s worth a visit.. but if you have been to other Disney   s you might find it smaller.
We are a group of 10 with 3 children, the food is bland and tasteless, the kids menu is a waste of money because its worst than the adults. This is a pricey place, it would have been ok if the food is good but for what we ate, its not worth it. Even the staff are not friendly. The only good I can think of ,is the ambiance which is better than the other restaurants there, otherwise avoid this restaurant .
It maybe good for the first timers and kids. I think the park is too small and the rides were limited.
One of out top reasons in going to HK. It certainly brings the child in you. Don't expect the rides to be that extreme though. But the shows, parks, everything inside HK Disneyland is so magical. Stay for another half an hour to take pictures when crowd goes lesser. Tip: Book a pass and meal voucher via klook and redeem them at the gates. It's way cheaper and hassle free.
My husband and I visited HK Disneyland today and were very impressed with the park. Having visited WDW Orlando and Disneyland Anaheim our expectations were pretty high and you exceeded those expectations. The entry process was quick and easy and the staff were very friendly. Download the app before you go so you can study the map and attractions etc. this also gives you the wait times for the attractions and you can also purchase your tickets from here. The lines for the rides were minimal and the most we had to wait was 20 minutes at one stage of the day. A few of the rides and attractions we had seen before and thought it wouldn   t hurt to skip them, but having to wait less in queues meant that we could enjoy all the attractions. I   m glad we had time for this as almost every ride at HK Disneyland is different than the other parks in the USA.    Disney paint the night    was absolutely fantastic, a great addition to the nighttime entertainment. Food was a little over priced as always with any theme park but we found plenty on offer. If you   re heading to Hong Kong and have never experienced a Disney Park, then I would recommend HK Disneyland as a place to start. I would rate this park Second to Disneyland Anaheim.
It was not crowded when we went near end November. The park was clean and smoke free! The rides exclusive to Hong Kong Disneyland was enjoyable.. the mountain train ride is a must try!Though some of the eateries were not opened, the queue to buy food was cleared very quickly. If you want to go shopping, I   d suggest you get it done first and make use of the delivery to park entrance service( free of charge). That   s because the shops are very crowded in the evening!
Great Disney experience. I would recommend two days as the park is big but easy to get around. Great Disney facilities that you would expect with 3 live show offerings. Good prices weren't too bad. I found that the lines for the characters were extremely long so line up early if this is something you really want.
Spent 2 weekdays @Disneyland and there was lesser people now.  This is my 3rd visit in 10 years.  Good for family and my children enjoyed it.  Not much changes over the years, except for 'Tomorrowland'.
I'm truly a big fan of Disneyland parks. This one rather small compared to the U.S. But just nice. We didn't get to complete all the rides the queue was long probably it was the weekend and also during the winter holidays. But we got most of the stuff we wanted to see n do. Would try to come back maybe when kids are a bit older, with a baby and 2 kids was quite challenging at times. But we all had a wonderful time can't wait to be back here again. Loved the ending part as we were leaving they simulated snow          falling on main Street. That was really awesome... Winter wonderland.
I had read so many negative reviews saying Hong Kong Disneyland is a half day park. This was definitely not the case for me. If you are a Disney fanatic you will not be disappointed. We spent 3 full days there and it was so magical. You need a day for shopping alone, the merchandise is so amazing!
Added new rides and experiences like Ironman, but took away some really children friendly rides like the Buzz Lightyear. The musicals and live shows are really good, though.The bad part was the photographer for those character photo session was not too friendly, required an autograph book or any writing material from Disney even though Cinderalla was willing to sign it. Overall not really friendly for kids below 7 years old as the queue is too long for those rides suitable for them and price is insanely expensive for food and rides.
It was great visiting this place. It was full of fun. Rides, shows, and especially road show was amazing. We will visit again. Love you disneyland.
If Hong Kong is near to your country and would like your children to experience Disneyland for the first time, you can try this place. It will cost you less and your children will definitely enjoy this place. As compared to Disneyland parks in US and Europe, this is a smaller version in terms of scale but for your children it will be equally enjoyable and memorable. From Hong Kong Central station going to HK Disney is very easy and convenient. Just be sure you have wisely budgeted your money specifically for this trip as the cost will not be as cheap as you would think, it is going to be an experience though for your kids.
I got a chance to visit Hong Kong Disneyland during my trip to Hong Kong, this July. It was like a childhood dream come true. It is indeed the happiest place on earth. Do not miss on meeting the characters and Mystic Manor attraction is my personal favorite. The fireworks in the evening are really magical. FYI, July marks the beginning of typhoon season in Hong Kong, although there is nothing to worry about but make sure you plan your trip well and enjoy at least a day or two in Hong Kong Disneyland. It is all worth it.
This is our 2nd time @ hongkong disneyland we really enjoyed every moment we stay there all are tourist attraction , rides and the parade , show and especially the lights parade and the fireworks at night is so amazing super thumbs up !!! My family did enjoy we will come back again, the food is great i love the chicken and the fish fillet with fries hmmm great we will recommend disneyland to mya friends
The shows (both street shows & theater shows) are a must see. It forms the basis of the magic of Disney! Food is very expensive at the Disney theme park. 3 sets of lunch combos with drinks cost $72 SGD. Rides were short but exciting without being too intimidating. You will need a two day pass to explore everything. Iron man, Thrill Mountain rides are exciting.
We took a guided tour to Disney, so we were dropped off by a guide and then returned ourselves by MTR. If we were to do this again, we would make our own way there via the MTR (easy to navigate)Disney Hong Kong is quite small, and there are not many thrill rides, but it was still a great atmosphere. We stayed for the fireworks at 8pm which were spectacular, and the fake snow really put a magic touch on the show. Highly recommend staying to see this. Unfortunately we have been to Disneyland in America so found ourselves comparing.We went on a Thursday so there was almost no queues, although a lot of people in the park, I suspect on a weekend or holiday the place gets very busy.
Its a theme park based on world of Disney. Not big enough as Florida Disneyland, but a single day outing is sufficient. Kids will have fun here. Parade is better here.
Truly the happiest place to be in with all those colorful parades, familiar cartoon and fairy tale characters dancing around with their bright colored costumes. The place was really massive so it involves a lot of walking and running as well. Lines are long for the rides. But I hardly saw some stalls selling snacks or something to eat. There are some restos but I think it   s expensive. Maybe it   s just me. In the evening when you   ll all tired from walking and you want something hot to eat because it   s already getting cold outside, you come across this eating joint where they serve good food but the place is not well lit. You can hardly see what you   re eating in the bowl.You should see the grand parade at night. It was really enjoyable. Sad to say, I missed the fireworks. Probably, I was tired and my energy was already spent for the day.
Disneyland is awesome and must go if you are in Hong Kong! Had a totally fun filled day even though there were no kids with us! You will miss your childhood after being here. Very well maintained, there are long queues but not too much waiting time as the place is very well organized.
It is nice and park for family. You can reach the park very easy by train.  Recommend to bring your own food if you want to save some buck.  As the food there is expensive, most of the ride have long waiting time.
Must visit Disneyland when in Hong Kong. Its marvelous and not only kids but people of all ages just love it. All attractions are well created. The parade and the fireworks at the end of the day are awesome.
Visiting in the mid of June 2017, I entered the park after the weather forecast said that typhoon might hit that day. It was still 30 minutes from the park's opening time, yet it had been overcrowded, mostly by tourists from the mainland China.At 10 a.m. the gate was opened, but visitors were allowed to enter only the Main Street USA. I had to wait for another 30 minutes to get access to the whole park, only to find that all outdoor rides halted, due to the bad weather. But the weather was not totally bad, it was just intermittent light rain. Even the Mad Hatter Tea Cups, which has got roof over it, was never in operation the whole day. The halt of all outdoor rides had caused all visitors to pack into the indoor ones. Looking at almost all indoor rides having a very long line, I started to feel down. Most of the food outlets were closed. After walking around for some time, finally we came across one. We tried the food (fried rice), but the taste was just far from yummy. At 4 p.m., all visitors were told to leave the park as it was thought that the weather would get worse. The visitors that day were given a free entry to the park within one year for free. However, since I was in Hong Kong for a one week vacation, I could never come back there. I realize weather is beyond control; however, given the ticket price I paid, what I got in it (I didn't get a lot) was not worth it.
We went on a rainy day in November. Despite this, it was still super busy! My 4 year old was a bit hesitant to go on some rides. It is a smaller Disneyland and can easily be done in 1 day. The food is a total rip off. we ate at the royal banquet. The entry is expensive, but we felt it was an experience we wanted to give our kids. The Disneyland themed train is fun too!
You can check the weather before you are planning travelling to Hong Kong. We brought entrance tickets from KLOOK APP which is easier and have discounts for online booking. You can spend all day in Disneyland and night time you can watch the fireworks at night time. P S : you can bring clothes for exchange if you going to play water park games, umbrella or raincoat. And also, you may book your lunch time with KLOOK APP and buy their lunch package is much save more money for family trip.
We have just returned from Hong Kong and have spent 2 days in Disneyland. November is a great time to visit, the weather is cool and it does not coincide with any China or Hong Kong holidays so the park is not crowded.Our plan was to complete as many rides on the first day and then we look at taking pictures.We had skipped all photo taking opportunities with Disney Characters and headed straight for the Ironman experience. It took us 15 20 mins to get on the rides.The ride was great, and all my kids aged 11, 9 and 5 loved it.It definitely pays to stay in one of the Disney hotels as it allows you access to priority queue to enter Disneyland.After completing the rides in Tomorrowland, we moved on to Fantasyland where we had our lunch at the Royal Banquet hall. Dining within Disneyland is pricey and not worth the value but Royal Banquet hall is one of the best places to eat.After lunch we headed to Grizzly Gulch where the Big Mountain ride was what we feel the best ride of the day. it was a 30min queue but this is peanuts compared to the queues we had at Japan Disneyland.We moved on to Mystic Point where the only attraction worth mentioning is the Mystic Manor. The ride is interesting with a tinge of scary feel to it (it was enough to spook my 9 year old..in a good way) and created a bit of excitement to weary bodies late in the day.After dinner at the Bakery (as most places had long queues for dinner) we lounged around main street to snap photos of the neon lit buildings. We made our way to the center garden and waited for the Parade to start. It was more magical lights with our favourite characters. It was awesome to see Lightning McQueen and Mack and the other Disney characters such as Toy Story Characters, Belle and beast.Fireworks came after the parade and the whole main street was filled with artificial snow since its 1 month away from Christmas. The lights on the Main Street buildings were mesmerizing.We went back on Day 2 and joined the queue to have a snap with Mickey and Minnie. They were great and duly obliged with hugs and were patient but the queue took more than an hour. I have the luxury of my Mrs in the queue while I took the boys to wander the Main Street attractions such as riding on the Taxicab. They would not have stood well in the queue. If you have only one day in Disney I suggest you skip this.We explored Adventure land after lunch and went up Tarzan's tree house and went on the Jungle River Cruise.The one show you shouldn't miss is the Festival of the Lion King in Adventure land. The performance is awesome and its not easy to keep my 5 year old engrossed in something that is not animated. We went back for 2nd rounds on some of our favourite rides such as Big Mountain, Mystic Manor and the Iron Man experience.We found some food trucks that serve packaged local fare outside Disneyland that is really affordable so that is where we ate for dinner on the 2nd day.
All I could really say is  WOW ! I was so amazed when we visited the place it made me feel like a young kid again. This is the best place and if I could go back I'll spend a week in that place, just walking around and seeing the rides the place is too awesome and I can't even find the exact word to describe it.
This is one of the best thing to do in hong kong. Also try to get 2 day pass as it is hardly expensive and you got time to do all activity. Make sure you reaches DL by 9.30 AM to see the opening ceremony. The moment you are in, try to get into the que for taking picture with Mickey Mouse as the crowd enter this it will get more crowded and then kindly headed to Iron Man Make sure you watch disney parade at 3 PM and also the fire work show at 7 Pm
This is our 4th time to Disneyland, likely going to be our last, since my son is reaching his teens and the rides are obviously losing its appeal to him. The new addition: Mystic Manor, Star Wars ride and Iron man   s Stark Tower ride, the first is identical to that of Orlando   s, while the other two are pretty new to me. However the 4D effect is slightly worse off than those in USS, not a adrenaline pumping. The rest, more suitable for younger kids. Oh one thing, they have shifted the fireworks to 6.30pm (maybe coz its winter), and the location is at the fountain, not at the sleeping beauty   s castle.
This a cool place to spend time with all the characters and might need 2 days to cover it all. Plan your itinerary well, and decide what needs to be covered in advance. The parade and Disney story show are not to be missed. Be mindful of Long queues for taking photo with the characters, especially Mickey and Minnie.Just want to mention about a staff named    Ronald   . We was very professional and friendly with all the visitors.
Our family 3 rd visit to Hong Kong Disneyland, with the new features such like Ironman, Star Wars, most enjoyable in the park still are my 2 kids
Smaller version of Disney world. Disney land made my 2 year old  and me happy. This is the happiest place in the world. The showed were still awesome. Love Disney world and land. It   s a lot cheaper than Disney world in Orlando.
Though smaller than the rest of the Disneyland franchises, this is still a fun place to be at.For Muslims, they cater with Halal places at 2 locations:1) Tahitian Terrace (Adventureland)2) Explorer's Club Restaurant (Mystic Point)Cool rides:Grizzly Bear   runaway mine carsRC RacerIronman 4DHyperspace MountainMystic ManorNot to miss is the firework show as well as the lion king show.There are only 3 rides that have FastpassThere's too much good stuff to talk about   best is to do the research on Disneyland Hong Kong and plan for your trip.
Disneyland for me is a fairy land, magical kingdom and a eye opening experience for an amusement park. The facility is well prepared and well thought so that every theme of area is excited to go to and giving pleasure and joy especially for kids. You can explore 7 land like Adventure Land, Grizzly Gulch, Mystic Point, Toy Story Land, Fantasy Land, Tomorrow Land and Main Street, USA which is filled with beauty, excitement and Disney Characters. At night you can see the parade of Disney Characters and fireworks.
Excitement theme park. all Disney characters and movie in here. wonderful landscaping. suit all ageds
We loved experiencing attractions we had never seen at Disney World or Disneyland California.  It was also fun noticing small differences in attractions that the American parks have.
First experience here, would advise taking the 1 day pass along with food, works out cheaper and you can visit all the attractions and rides in a day
Made a last minute decision to go Disneyland after lunch.  Conveniently took the MTR to Disneyland from my hotel. Notice theme park have renovated most of the places.  Looks new and clean.  Good place to spend a bonding session with my daughter.
It was a bad time to go to Disneyland in June. Or rather to go to hongkong in June is a pretty bad idea. Heavy downpour, stop, heavy downpour again. A pity that I wasn   t able to get to watch the parade.However, I probably won   t go back again.
A little smaller than i thought, we enjoyed ourselves and would have stayed for the end if we had time but the fireworks are said to be am amazing sight!!  Some good rides, and the goldmine train is a must!!
Such a great place to spend day as a happy kid again! No matter of the age you are on! :) everyone will find something funny for themselves, beside the typical Minnie and Mickey experience you will enjoy the 5D ride with Iron Man on the marvel experience corner. I loved the adventure trolley rollecestor and the slide rollecestor in ToyStory Land Enjoy! Ps: avoid weekends!!!
we enjoyed every minute at this theme park. it drizzled during the fireworks display but we opted to stay because it   s just spectacular! it was one magical night for for our children and of course for us, their parents. we stayed at their hotel for 2 days so we experienced the parades at night and during the day.
You're Muslim and first time visiting Hong Kong? Afraid not. You will be surprised to know that Hong Kong Disneyland actually have two halal outlets namely The Explorer Club and the other The Tahiti Terrace. As a Muslim, I'm very impressed that they also have prayer room complete with the ablutions room. You just need to bring your own praying mat and there you go!
This is my 2nd time here. First time with Husband, current 2nd time with my 2 year old toddler. A small Disneyland with lesser rides compared to the other theme parks. But the program for the kids are packed plenty, such as the shows and parades. With a toddler, these are more than enough to be kept occupied the entire day, together with the rides.Having gone to the other theme parks, Disneyland really is one of the few that can create a magical experience for the kids. Strongly recommended for kids and family. If you   re going as a couple, it   ll still be fun, but you   ll run out of rides pretty quickly.
If you have visited Adlabs Imagica avoid it at all cost. Go between Tue   Thu for less crowd. Reach around 1pm and get on the rides as people are busy having lunch until 2pm. You would be done by 6:30pm. Stay around for the fireworks and leave a bit early to avoid rush as all exit at once. Travel by MTR is quick and easy.
Went with family and we were not disappointed. Up to the standard of all Disney parks with the inevitable parade at the end.   You take the special Disney themed train on the resort line from Sunny Bay station. All in, a great day out.
Took the family for the whole day to the attraction. We found everything about the park absolutely fantastic. We could get around an see everything and we also got to go on most of the rides. The parades were amazing.My only complaint was the price of food and they had several restaurants closed down for refurbishment which put pressure on the others. However, we took in some of our own food and water and when security checked our bags they did not seem to mind.They crew were efficient at moving people through the attractions.
What an incredible day we had! We had such a magical time from the MTR Disneyland line that took us to Disneyland, to the fireworks at the end of the night. We went on 90% of the rides and got to check out the parades throughout the day. The only thing we missed out on was Mickey Mouse stories as this got filled half an hour before it was going to start and was full throughout the evening.Also it   s not clear what location you can meet Donald Duck  mickey  Minnie We finally found mickey and Minnie and there was a huge queue to meet them. We excitedly got into the queue and were turned away at 3pm which was very disheartening for me personally. Maybe something that can be improved on with clear locations and timings as none were provided on the day. All in all it was a wonderful day 5 5
Took the cute disney train from Sunny Bay and the journey to the theme park is seamless.Mascots are very lively and really helps bring the mood of all ages up.Most rides are suitable for kids, with height restrictions for some of the rides.The two parades are awesome, amazed with the evening    Paint The Night    parade. Fireworks is quite disappointing, with few climax, but it   s saddening to hear about the ceasation of the fireworks coming 02.01.2018.Christmas theme is complete with a tall christmas tree at the main street, U.S.A. area.Overall, a great experience!
I've been to Disneyland in California, Orlando and Japan   out of the 4 this is worse one that I've been too. It's quite small compared to the other parks and the rides are just average. Only ride I really liked was Mystic Manor which I would highly recommend if you are going. Food was just average as well. People are also quite rude, had a couple incidents of grown adults running past us (with a 3 and 5 year old) pushing us to get to a ride. Not Disney's fault of course but doesn't lend to a pleasant experience. Also the train ride to the park is very long and quite crowded even in the Disney only designated train   I think they should consider running more trains. Glad to say I've visited but won't be returning to this park when we visit HK next.
Our family (3 Adult) with our 4 year old went for two wonderful days (US$303 4pax 2day). It was less expensive for us than Ocean Park due to the huge promo. The park was empty except after 4pm which made it difficult to see the evening Halloween Parade. Disney has free water & free seating all over the park for a great comfortable day. The very long Disney rides have moving seats so you can rest while enjoying the adventure. They also have great sit down shows where you also rest. At other amusement parks you stand all day for rides seconds long. There are so many wonderful adventures here at this park. It is great for parents because you are not forced to go on bone crushing rides, because they have imagination rides instead. The Lion King Show was the best, my 4 year old loved the Iron Man simulator though it was a little rough for my wife & It's Small World is a family Fun Boat Ride. The Jedi training for only very small children was a great treat for me & my wife. They hired really quality actors to play in this realistic training of a Jedi Knight. The kids believe they are doing it. The mine ride roller coaster is great without knocking your teeth out. The Mystic Manner was my favorite ride of a spooky house of a rich antique collector, though my son was hiding under the ride chair. You take 100's of photos everywhere you turn. This park is so beautiful and so clean (except the dinning area). Donald Duck 4D movie (spitting water) was good after second view, my son could not pick up the concept the first time around. Meeting Mickey Mouse on Main Street (@930am before the gates open at 10am) in all his royalty was a highlight. The early parade is better because the crowds have not arrived yet.The night time fire works show is one of the best in the world. The Chinese government had the biggest fireworks show in maybe the world the day before we went to Disneyland, so Disney kind of switched there show to a multi media fireworks lights sound themed show which made it very unique.Even with the empty park, there were no empty tables to eat food at in there dining rooms (this is something they need to fix).You will have a very long day at Disney because no one leave until after the wonderful night time fireworks show. There is a 730pm night parade than 9pm fireworks. Then it is a rush to the over crowded train.DON'T MISS: Meeting Mickey Lion King Day Parade Iron Man Simulator Tiny Kids Jedi Training Mystic Manner Mickey 4D Movie Fireworks Mine Ride Roller Coaster Its A Small World boat ride maybe Jungle River
It is huge and spread in big chunk of land.One day is surely not enough to enjoy the rides and characters present.But worth visited.
Brought our 5 year old son there and it was his first Disneyland experience. Easily accessible by mtr and all the facilities are well maintained. Expect to queue for 40 minutes and onwards for the rides unless with fast pass. Generous food potions at the in house restaurants. We stayed till the Night Parade and fireworks, a truly enjoyable experience for the whole family!
This is a state of the art theme park living up to the disneyland brand . The rides are nice too. Staff are friendly . The parade is likewise the high light of the theme park. Going there is easy ying the sub ways.
The place is really good and child friendly. Attractions are beautiful specially the parade and fireworks at night. Be ready for long walks and bring water. Food inside the park is expensive. Come early if you want to have decent photo at the entrance. A must visit when in HK.
Found it a lot easier than first thought ..... caught taxi first couple of days ... wish we hadn   t bothered
An interesting twist on the traditional Anaheim location. Only 16 rides in total and geared towards children. Due to the relationship the Chinese have with their ancestors, some rides were revised or do not exist. The haunted mansion is the Mystic Manor and the only ride we went on twice. An enjoyable experience. There is no Pirates of the Caribbean as well. Tomorrowland is Star Wars and Marvel centric, which was not a bad thing. We spent a half day which was more than enough to ride everything and see the sites. We also went on a Saturday afternoon starting at around lunch and we pretty much walked onto the rides without wait. It started to get busier around 5pm. A worthy stop on the way back from Big Buddha if Disney is your thing.
Having two kids aged 7 and 4, HK Disneyland had to be on the agenda. To avoid (or at least minimize) your waiting time in the lines, try to visit during a weekday.
Hong Kong's must place visit and children's paradise. This place has all the attractions including shows, swings, shops, eating joints. The tickets price ranges 525 hkd or above for adult and ranges 375 hkd for age group 3 11 years. Weekends have good amount of waiting time for each ride which is around 30 40 minutes so be patient. Well connected thru public transport. Drop at Sunny bay MTR station and take the Disneyland MTR. This MTR is best in looks as it has showcased cartoon characters with very comfortable seats. We missed the parade as it was whole day raining but don't miss it and also cover fire works at night around 8 clock.
Small but with enough things for us to do with a 1.5yo kid for a full day. She took Its a Small World, Winnie the Pooh and all the performances. I   m very happy that she enjoyed most of it. I managed to go for the Iron man ride and hyperspace ride. Only missed out on my rolling thunder train one... As for food wise, it   s Disney pricing but at least it does not taste too bad. Went on a Monday and there isn   t a lot of queuing which is a life saver. Side note, if it rains, there is not many places that you can find shelter so please bring a brolly or raincoat.. Unfortunately due to the rain there wasn   t the parade at night but we still got to watch the fireworks! Went there by Uber and went back by taxi (there is ample).
Nothing can be said about this place other than it is what you expect from the name. Lining up for rides and photo ops is the norm. Good that you can get the train directly to this one.
It worked out good for us to be here on weekdays and also rainy day. We spent 2 days here on Monday and Tuesday and the wait times for the attractions were max 15 minutes which was totally different from our experience at Japanese DisneyLand. Though Japanese DL was so huge with Disney Sea, the waiting times were 2 hrs (can't believe it) So we had to skip most of the attractions at Japan. That is the not the case in HK and we were cruising from Attraction after attraction. Ofcourse, the size of HK Disneyland is small and we ran out of options so fast.Negative comments : After waiting for 30 minutes, Philharmagic show announced that the show was cancelled due to technical reasons and that was not good. They should have tested it well in advance before show begins and people queing up. Same happened with Iron man show, it snapped half way and they restarted again.
Disneyland is place that you can only enjoy if you like Disney properties like Cinderella, Sleeping Beauty, etc and also Marvel Characters and Star Wars.The whole park is divided into multiple parts like Tomorrowland, Toy Story Land, Fantasyland, etc. All the parts cater to attractions matching the theme. There is also a train which runs all around the perimeter connecting all the parts of the park to the entrance. There are many gift shops and restaurants, including an Indian Restaurant. Prices are high.All in all a great place to spend the day. Closing ceremony has a night parade and fireworks show.Beware of the lines at all the attractions rides, they are long and take up most of your time at the park.
We had a great day in Hong Kong Disney, the park is much smaller than other counterparts and can be done in a day. Food is probably the biggest letdown and very $$$.
So we went to Disney land and our age ranged from 23 50. It was great day out!We caught the Disney express out which a cool themed train totally didn   t expect it.We bought our tickets online prior to going, so simple. The rides are friendly and not tooo freaky! The only one that got me was the Star Wars one but that   s because I   m a scaredy cat! However it was still freaking exciting!The light spectacular parade was awesome!I recommend downloading the app prior to attending as you can see the cue times!It   s clean, perfect, everyone is happy and friendly! I have not done any other Disneyland   s else where but I still enjoyed it for what it is worth.
This was our first experience of Disney. As seniors we could get in for $100 HK   a real bargain, and a chance we couldn't turn down. We got there early on a Friday as advised and when we walked into Main Street we were one of the first. We walked around the site bemused. The jungle river ride suited our age group but then we found the mire exciting rides. We zoomed up and down roller coasters, we flew up and down on dumbos, we tried most things, ogled at the characters on parade and finally sat down to an expensive cuppa with a Micky Mouse biscuit thrown in!It was great! It you have the time fellow seniors, do it!One point, they don't like you taking food in but our cheese sandwiches were allowed and our bottle of water.It gets hot, take a fan, Sun umbrella and cream up.It gets very busy later in the day so go early.The biggest queue was for Its a Small World, we hardly queued for anything else.We didn't stay for the fireworks   perhaps we've seen too many fireworks already? Perhaps we ran out of energy!
Take an umbrella and you'll be ok. Lines are under cover, but some attractions like meet the characters are not on. Parade was cancelled, but a good day out anyway. Haven't been to any other Disneyland to compare. Access by train is easy.
THE HAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH. The park is manageable not so big and has everything for kids and adults. Seeing my daughter so happy just seeing the Disney princesses was more than enough to make it worth our while. Food was also surprisingly good at the Great Banquet Hall where we ate.
i thinks only kids can enjoey here, because all is not exciting for adult, and if you need take photo with disney doll, you must to line up for long time
The happiest place on earth and the best place to relax and reminice our childhood days! Forever i will always be a fun of mickey and minnie together with their friends in disney.this is the perfect place for family and friends. Over all rating is 5
As a fan of Disneyland, this park will give you that joy, however it's quite small and too overpriced for what you get.
The best thing we did in Hong Kong. Stayed the whole day, and enjoyed the park very much. There was never a dull moment. We went there on the 1st day of November. It was a good day, quiet, and with no long queue. The size of the park makes it manageable, not just for young children but for older people. best to being camera, umbrella or hat to cover in outdoor exploring activities, and wearing a very comfortable walking shoes is a must. Its good also that we already purchased our ticket (entrance and meals) online to avoid the hassle and queuing lines. It was an experience for my older companions, seeing how delightful they are and how they feel young again. Disneyland never fails to unleash the child in us again. Our favorite ride, as always is  It's a Small World!
Couldnt get better.   The day after tropical cyclone made the climate a bit bad..else it was a memorable trip.
It was my very first time at a Disney park and I must say HK Disneyland was great for that. It's not too big and overwhelming   I could do almost everything in a day without having to wait too long ( maybe because I was alone) but either way it is a comfortable park and very clean. It was super fun and the prices are absolutely ok. Would really recommend it :)
Hong Kong Disney is small but fabulous. HK residents get two visits for the price of one, what more could you want? The Disney MTR adds charm and gets you in the spirit even before arriving. It   s a perfect day trip with enough to keep you occupied all day without you leaving feeling like you   ve missed some. Highly recommend!!
As mentioned in another review here, Hong Kong Disneyland is very overrated and Universal Studios at Singapore is far far better. I was expecting a totally different and good experience considering how famous disneyland is all over the world. However, all I got is lots and lots of over expensive shops and food joints. After being to Universal and Ferrari world, Disneyland is a total disappointment. The much hyped fireworks are really bad. Good rides are very few and its more of a shopping complex. Spend an extra day at Ocean Park and totally skip Disney land.
My birthday trip and was my first trip to Disneyland and it didn't disappoint me! It's truly fun filled and magical! The light parade is totally awesome! Everyone was singing, dancing and waving with the characters! The energy and spirits of everyone is high! And who doesn't love the fireworks display!The rides are amazing and it caters for all.Kudos to be given to all staffs in Disneyland Hong Kong! I cannot imagine how the staffs handled the teeming excited crowds of people everyday. And as we stayed till the closing hour, we noticed how efficient the cleaners cleaned the areas, the bins and restrooms! It had been thoroughly cleaned and freshen up when we used the restroom before taking the MTR back to our hotel.
A fantastic journey for families with small kids. We did a two day tour and that was great. Lots of attractions, somewhat crowded but bearable. You can find attractions for all age groups. Food is not good  to me that was the biggest dissappointment but overall I LOVED IT
everyone would love going to Disneyland. Their theme park.is so fascinating, always crowded all the time. The souvenirs are so cute and adorable. Spend some memorable time with ur family here and let their staff take your family picture and you can have a nice family portrait printed in the Winnie the pooh frame. The softcopy file will also given to you by their apps. Tips:  buy their tickets online include meal. They have a package of 4. it's cheaper buying online than buying on the spot. And you'll save a lot of time to avoid the queue  Wear hat and sunglasses, use comfy shoes. Cause you will walk a lot  Try their fastpass tickets
Hong Kong Disney is a small scale Disneyland for anyone who has been to the LA or Florida versions. Plenty to do for young kids (up to age 7 8 yrs), but for older kids or adults, you will get bored quickly. Only 3 4 good rides for this one   Hyperspace Mountain (faster and more impressive than its cousin Space Mountain), Grizzley Gulch railroad ride (again faster and more variation than Big Thunder Mountain Railroad in LA), Ironman ride (comparable to Space Tours in LA) and the Mystic Manor (  Haunted House in LA). We went for the day but were done by around 3.30pm. Good for a stop over visit if you have some time to kill on a layover from the airport (it is very nearby), but expensive ($587 HK   1 day)unless you have young kids to get value for money.
Out of all the Disneyland I had been to, I actually appreciated this for its small size. Coming from Southeast Asia, I also take pride seeing local talent given the chance to shine.We went a week before Easter and all the Springtime Festival d  cors were up.We took the chance to use the FastPass as best as possible especially in Fantasyland which catered to the youngest crowd.Food was reasonable and were of better quality than what I remembered from Disneyland Paris! Maxim   s has a restaurant here for a good grub before heading home.The Mickey Mouse waffles on Main Street was great.The meet and greet were very popular but maddening as the queues snaked out of view.Electric parade was not too impressive.Fireworks and light and sound show was lovely.Shops were nicely laid out and not too overwhelming, thankfully.
Amazing!!!!  Dream come true, it was so beautiful. The street show was so magical, food was delicious n reasonable price.
Save your money n just go to OceanPark. The HK Disney experience is terrible. Over priced, under sized. Not rewarding like Calif or FL. Save your money n go to the states. Attendance is down. Walt would be sad.
While the size of HK Disneyland isn   t big, but it is enough for families with young children. There are sufficient rides and shows to keep everyone entertained for the whole day. You need more than 1 day to cover every attraction in the park. Buy the meal combo ticket, it is better value.
A really nice little Disney land. Had a great time visiting. Something for everyone there. Awesome Fireworks display afterwards.
Full day of walking, we'll set out, much like Movieworld in Australia, with a train that goes around the whole of the property, but you can really only see the garden from the train, not the attractions, useful for getting back to the front gate. We stayed until mid afternoon, there were 2 parades during that time, both were good with a lot of sing and dancing. Heaps of souvenir shops line the main walk way. We watched a 3D movie and saw a stage production. Both were quite good. They do need more seating around the area not just at the eateries.
The name disneyland just makes you want to think it will be a magical wonderland, although designed really well i prefer Universal studio in Singapore over this and regret not going Ocean park which looked like we would had more fun. Food and beverage was limited, long queues to take photos with the main characters, kept on changing them without any notice, limited rides, mainly for kids so Disney saying for all ages is just not correct. Hoping Paris and Florida experience will be better if i ever go. Only good thing was at the end Fireworks over sleeping beauty's castle.otherwise place is really overrated!!
There will be not enough time to spend a day in Disneyland. It was fantastic experiences. The food queuing was long time. I think would add some food variety. It would be good if you put some of vending machine for some snacks. I was impressed by staff who cleaning in the restaurant area they are so nice and polite. Keep it good work!
Thanks to HK's efficient MTR system, this place is very easy to reach. Go there at least 45 minutes before opening because by opening time, there's already a huge build up of people waiting for the  flood gates  to open. And when they do, people run toward the most popular rides to try to beat each other out of the line. Our first ride was the Iron Man Experience   careful, lots of motion in this 3D theater but fun. If you can, plan for a two day visit to make the most of the park especially if you have kids in tow. My favorite experience was  The Lion King Show . Don't miss this for anything else there. Also, if you can purchase food vouchers inclusive of your tickets, do so. I did two meals and a snack   for each of my family members and I'm glad I did because we planned and did stay there from start to finish. This was a better way to save money than having to purchase individual meals there.That said, for next time, we would just buy one meal (preferably dinner that is redeemable after 4:30 PM) and a snack (a choice of popcorn or ice cream stick anytime) for each person and just eat a heavy breakfast before leaving home or hotel. My favorite meal was the  Singapore Laksa Noodle Soup  at the Tahitian Terrace (you can redeem vouchers at other restaurants as well). The Indian Tandoori Chicken meal was  blah .As for the fireworks display, try to position yourself somewhere in the Rotunda of the Main Street to have the best view of the fireworks when they conclude the day. If you have kids (or you're a kid at heart) ask the attendants for stickers, even the janitors themselves happily give them out for collecting. And, bring a water bottle. Drinking fountains are a bit scarce there (there's one by the Iron Man Experience) out that's the way to stay hydrated and saving money at the same time. If you're used to Disneyland in California and Florida, don't expect the cast to be as friendly. They are, just not U.S. Disney friendly. At least that's my personal opinion. Enjoy!
This Disneyland would have to be one of the best Disneyland's I have ever been to.It totally blew me away at how fantastic it was. I was here when it opened 12 years on a education trip as I'm a travel agent. I thought it was good then but very small and limited thrilling rides.Wow it has changed !!Toy story land is fantastic, All the rides were so cool!The new Iron man experience was awesome and getting to meet the REAL iron man ( so said my 5 year old) was totally cool !Mystic Manor was so different and exciting!All cast members we came across we're super friendly and all had different Disney stickers to hand out to everyone which was so nice.The Lion King show and Mickey's Wondorous book were basically 30 minute broadway shows ! It was incredible! The singing, the dancing was 6 stars !The 3pm parade and the paint the night parade at 630pm were awesome! The energy from all the performers was infectious! They looked you in the eye as they past, they waved and high fived my kids, tinker bell blew kisses to my son and made him feel so special as did the Dances in the jumping Tigger costumes. They were so talented.The park was spotless as were every toilet I went to and every eating area. Even the lady taking our order at the Comet diner was so friendly and talking to my kids and I in English. Food was good to!Every part of my 3 days here was amazing. One of our best family holidays said my 8 year daughter.We also stayed at the explorers lodge at Disneyland which was also fantastic.
If you are wondering whether or not to spend a day at Disney Hong Kong, it all comes down to for you are looking for.  How much do you like thrill rides?Disney HK is quite tame on that regards, with Grizzly Gulch and Space Mountain being the most ''extreme'' rides, the latter being already a slower version of the attraction.   What's the age group?Due to the above comment, a younger audience might be more appreciative.A high energy group looking for some round the clock fun would probably be disappointed by Disney HK.   Would you go mainly for the rides or for soaking up the  Disney feel ?As it's been pointed out by many reviewers, the number of attractions isn't huge and many are not rides. Some visitors come to mainly walk around and enjoy the scene. In a nutshell, if you're looking for a day packed with numerous attractions and thrill rides, HK Disney won't probably cut it and Ocean Park might be a better option.
Yes it's smaller than the other disney parks but queueing times are the shortest. Went on a weekday and the longest queue was 10 minutes. Only complaint is that it opens late and closes early. Some restaurant don't accept new customers by 7pm.
Originally we were unsure about taking our toddler to Disneyland, but after reading a few blogs advice we decided to give it a go. We had a great day!  The park is a lot smaller than the original Disney in California, which I saw as an advantage. It's flat so easy with a stroller (although we only took our carrier). We caught the train, which takes you straight to the entrance. I was surprised by the number of rides we were able to take our toddler on, Fantasyland was a particularly good for this. I'll list them below:FantastylandDumbo the Flying Elephant   simple up and down ride that she loved. We had to ride separately (only 2 per carriage).It's a Small World   a little nervous about the dark initially, but loved the music and charactersCinderella's Carousel   horses are quite high up making it difficult to stand next to the toddler if you sit them on a horse. We had a carrier which made it easier, I just hopped on and she was happy to hold the pole.Mad hatter's Tea Cups   closed for maintenance :( but easy to ride with a toddlerThe Adventures of Winnie the Pooh   got a bit scary in parts (darkness thunder lightening)Fairy Tale Forest   Loved wandering around this, she happily bopped away to the music. Mickey's Philharmagic   she sat on my knee and bopped away. Did get a little loud and dark at timesTomorrowland Orbitron   very simular to Dumbo ride but in spaceshipsNothing else was suitable for toddlers ToyStory Playland Slinky Dog Zig Zag Spin   Simular to Dumbo and Orbitron but a bit fasterAdventureland We didn't make it here but the Jungle Cruise and Tarzan's Treehouse could be doable with a toddler. Theatre in the Wild   Loved the Lion King Show!!! Highly recommended!We didn't stay for the parade as our toddler was so tired. There are 2 parades   3pm and 6.30pm. Fireworks at 7.30. The food was ok, but i recommend bring snacks for the toddler (you're not supposed to bring food into the park, but as long as you're not packing a picnic they seem to overlook it).We went on a Tuesday and got there as soon as it opened (10.30am) so the park wasn't crowded and the lines for the rides were 5 10 minutes maximum. Discount park tickets and food vouchers are available through Klook and simple to redeem. We just went straight to the turnstile when we arrived. Highly recommend a trip to Hong Kong Disneyland if you have a toddler and a day free when in HK.
We had a full day at Disneyland. It was mid week and off peak and so crowds were at a comfortable number. Queues were short. However the number of restaurants open was about half. Which seriously limited our meal options. Souvenirs were over priced particularly specific items related to Hong Kong. Each area had a large shop with related items. It seemed that shopping was almost the priority. Characters were few and far between, emerging only for photo appointments. They didn't wander and mix and mingle.
Transport out there was great.I used the MTR very clear signage .Whole day was wonderful.Brought back lots of memories of Sunday nights watching Disneyland.Lion King show was great.Highly recommend.
Since our kids are small this park was much easier to handle than Disney World. We went during the week and there were less people so it was manageable. Would recommend buying the food package since it costs less then if you bought the food regularly.
My first ever disneyland trip after 4 decades. My 9 year old first experience on magical land too. First time is never forgetful. So yes, we enjoyed much though there are bigger & better ones in other places but we shall never forget our first was in Hong Kong :P
This Disney Park is small by CA & FL standards but it was just right for our 5 & 7 year olds. They had a ball as wait times for rides were short and at night they felt like they had the park to themselves. The park is clean and friendly. Kudos to all the cast members who endured the heat and humidity with endless patience and smiles, especially those in costumes and parades. Our longest wait was to visit with Cinderella who could not have been more gracious and kind to our kiddos. She had to be melting under her gown, wig, and makeup but she took great care to give each guest her undivided attention. All of the live shows were excellent entertainment! The Lion King was quite wonderful. We stayed at the Hollywood Hotel so we were able to break up our day, rest a bit, and return in the evening for uncrowded rides and a spectacular fireworks show. In my heart, there   s no DL like the original but HK Disney has its own special charm.
This Disneyland is small, but it's beautiful. The landscaping is wonderful. We enjoyed walking around the park. Since we're seniors, we got into the park for the equivalent of $13 USD. Amazing!Mystic Manor, their version of the Haunted Mansion, was fabulous. The Jungle Cruise offers three language options. Although we chose English, we could only catch a word or two of what the guide said. Still, the ride is an upgrade from the CA Jungle Cruise.
The weather is fine but still very hot in November.I took the MTR train from Central to Sunny Bay then changed line to Disneyland. The travelling time was about 30 minutes.Got a copy of the programme and went to see the shows at the designated time. Went to the different zones one by one. There were four different zones altogether.Must see the parade near the Main Street at about noon.The fireworks display at night was fascinating.Eating inside the park was expensive but there were a lot of choices from Chinese food to other Asian foods.It was a fun day for the kids from 10am till 10pm.
Average for Disneyland, plenty of rides missing that you would expect if you've been to LA.   But  It's a Small World  is here, joyful congregation and all.
Bought my kids here for sight seeing as the weather start to get cool on early nov. Got the ticket as a package with booking of hotel. There are so many Mickey Mouse stuffs that exclusive to Disneyland only! My kids love max!!Too many item to list! Must come here yourself. There   s parade every few hour that u can sit on the road side to watch, it   s very very clean to sit on the road side or on the floor!! Please bring your kids here! No regret!
Disneyland any where is great, this is not as big as Anaheim but is still a great day out. You can ride on most rides even without a special front of the line pass.
Lovely Disney site easily accessible but a very small site but nice for a one day visit .. helpful staff visited on a Saturday not to busy so waits on rides minimal which was lovely .
We went to Hong Kong Disneyland in our visit to Hong Kong.The park is quite small comparing to the Tokyo Disneyland.The park is very organised and well signalised they always have announcements in English and not only in Chinese.We got to the park at 10am and we haven   t booked before but the queue was not so bad and we managed to go to the principal attractions, watch two parades and watch the fireworks.
We loved our recent trip to Disneyland; it was our main reason for coming to Hong King. The park is perfect for little ones, with only two rides with height restrictions. It was quiet when we were there, and we didn   t wait more than 10 minutes for Any ride. It took us 2 days to see everything, but we didn   t stay for the full day on either one as the kids were very tired by about 3pm. The parade was fantastic, and they were so excited to meet a few princesses. The MTR (trains) make it so easy to get here, and for minimal cost, from anywhere in Hong Kong.
Didn't open until 11amOnly 1 park section at a timeI miss the greatness of AnaheimNight parade magicalDay parade colourful and full of energy, the fire works amazingFast food just ordinary, however the one redeeming restaurant is The Park CafeLong walk from bus station to main gate, no disable assistance offered, quite a long walk
Fantastic experience @ Disney land Hong Kong,China. The ambiance was electrifying and took us back to child hood on a  time machine .
We were allotted just a day for Disneyland, located on Lantau Island, in our package tour, and I knew it would not be enough from experience. ( I had been to Disneyworld in Florida and in three full consecutive days I had not been able to see all of it. ) We were awestruck by the beauty, the colourful displays and the cleanliness when we entered the Magical Fantasy Land ! We tried to work out a schedule according to the times and places where shows would be held, as detailed in the free brochure, but soon had to give it up since running from one location to another to keep up with the timings in the vast place was well nigh impossible. Trying another more practical approach, we started exploring with the help of a guide map also provided free. Still, in each attraction we could see only one or two parts before moving on, lest we miss out on many more.Being Sunday, there was a special parade from 3 to 4 and again from 7 to 8 p.m. We could enjoy a boat ride through a  jungle  with mechanised, very realistic animals, had lunch at The Explorer's Club ( there were country   region wise food areas,which sold mostly fast food and also some ethnic dishes ), saw many fairy characters and read a few pages of stories from books displayed on pedestals. We could visit or see stalls of Spider Man, Iron Man and Merman, had a tram ride and also saw The Toy Story. In the evening we enjoyed a song and dance programme in the auditorium before returning to Main Street to watch the display of fireworks at the end of the day. The entrance ticket included all rides and attractions and we did not have to pay anything more except for food and drink and souvenirs of which there was a plethora to choose from at various sales points. Some staff members gave away stickers with pictures of characters and attractions..We boarded our coach to return to the hotel, thrilled, tired, but yearning for more. SPECIAL MENTION : It had become very hot during the day. One of our group members was on a wheel chair and one of the rubber tyres became loose due to the heat. We tried to fix it back, but in vain. We were so grateful to a strong well built Philipino gentleman who helped us get back on track.At the auditorium, the differently abled person was given priority and accommodated in a vantage position along with her escort.RECOMMENDATIONS : 1. Plan for at least two full days to spend at Disneyland to be able to enjoy yourselves at leisure   more if you have young children, who would enjoy rides of which there are many. You have to queue up in many places for which some time should be allowed.2. Carry your own drinking water   it is exorbitantly priced inside !
Compared to US or European Disney parks this one is a steal at roughly    30 per person per day, food is reasonably prices considering you are a totally captive audience at around    15    20 for main courses. Highlights of Space Mountain, Toy Story parachutes and Mystic Manor went down a total storm with our kids as did the Lion King and 3d cinema. What nearly proved to be a disaster was accidentally locating the Elsa character greeting, completely hidden and that was what our daughter had been going to the park to find and went down less well was the one hour and 20 minute wait to get access to the Minnie and Mickey character greeting, a second set of characters elsewhere on park would resolve that for very little cost. On balance well worth a visit but some trouble shooting could get an extra star.
As always Disneyland is a fun day, and HK Disneyland was no exception. Although seems a bit smaller than others we visited. Food is expensive and not a lot of options.
Wow, their roller coaster in adventure land is as smooth as the dwarf ride at WDW Magic Kingdom and only a 10 minute wait without a fast pass! Pretty impressed with their Space Mountain that has a star wars theme too! The least waiting I have ever done at Disney and all are top notch fun. It's a small world has Disney movie characters in it here, but I didn't remember that in Florida. Amazing weather too and does not seem as expensive as Florida.Getting there using the MTR subway was easy and cheap for a day trip.
We had 2 day tickets travelling with 11 year old and 6 year old, staying at Explorers Lodge resort. First day we arrived at opening time and was exhausted by 5pm, in part due to the heat. Next day we split our day up and did morning and evening, utilising hotel shuttle buses. Wish we stayed an extra day or two and split it up from beginning. Food was reasonable compared to what we see in Australia. The vans outside the park on way to train station was fab as was look vouchers for lunches. Great value despite contrary advice
If like me you have waited 36 years to go to a Disneyland World then this place is awesome. It's relatively easy and painless to get to   it has its own MTR line with Disney themed train and i would recommend purchasing tickets online prior. Also if you can, visiting on a Monday or Tuesday is recommended and get there early. We went on a Tuesday, set out at around 10 and got there around 11.30 and the crowds were manageable, we had space to take it in and get decent pictures. The queue for rides was 10 20 mins and at the height of the day, around 2.00 we waited around an hour. As you would imagine there is plenty to see, eat and drink around the park with a large multi cuisine restaurant just after Toy Story Land. Building our own lightsabers was the highlight of the day!An absolutely brilliant day for big and little kids.
If you have a week in Hong Kong   HK Disneyland is a must to visit. Wonderful and Magical place for children and adults. I was disappointed that no Haunted Mansion and Pirates of the Caribbean in HK Disneyland. Food Service staff needed to have more training to greet gusts and be polite. Some how Disneyland needed to work harder to make HK Disneyland be the Happiest Place in Hong Kong. Keep up the good work!
Very nice place and awesome. people who go to hongkong must try to go to disneyland. disney really good for people who want to ge some fun, with family, friend or for couple.the price a bit expensive but u will not regret when u are already there. trust me :)btw u can go to disney using mrt.
If you've been to any of the American Disney's you will be disappointed by this one as it is a redacted version, favouring those rides areas suitable for younger children. However, it is still a lot of fun, very well maintained, and with all the characters you would expect. Well laid out and easy to get around. Easy to get to also, being a 30 minute train ride from Central. If you've never been to any of the other Disney's then definitely go here!
It's the same verywhere. But DisneyLand has it's theme as the name suggests. The only proper, worth seeing attraction is the parade which happens around 7:oo pm in front of the castle. The rides are fit for kids from 5 10 years old. Teenagers who love the princesses can visit the garden and children lovin thrill can go to tooy story part. It's almost same as compared imagic in lonavla, but with lesser rides.
Disneyland is a must go in HK!! The halloween parade and additional booths were really a nice touch. The decoration and furnishing of the whole place was amazing and fantasy like. Most rides at disneyland were very subtle and suitable for children. Overall, its a must visit and you can take alot of nice pictures there! Also, do not miss the fireworks at night near the sleeping beauty castle it was the best part so beautiful!!
A chance to let your hair down and just be a kid. Yes chase down Minnie Mouse to have your photo taken with her, hug a Minion, get in and have fun. Did the rides, ate there and stayed for the night parade and fireworks. Well worth it. Arranged for a tour to collect us from hotel. This way didn't have to worry about trains and buses and lining up for tickets. and the best thing was that the bus was waiting at the entrance to take you straight back to hotel   especially after a long day at the park. Take a plastic poncho with you as some of the rides you will get wet. And yes   buy the Mickey Mouse t shirt too!!!!
My husband and I scheduled a trip to HK with no prior plans set. When he suggested going to Disney I was so excited! I have never been to Disney so this was a chance to check that off my bucket list. We preordered tickets through an app for a small discount. This allowed us to go in without queue (which seemed short anyway). It was the weekend prior to Halloween so the parade was villain themed (7pm). You'll want to get there early for a good seat. At 8pm there are fireworks over the castle, so stick around. We mostly went for the rides so I can't really comment on the characters as previous people have. We did enjoy the rides and this time of year the queues are quite short. I think 30mins was our longest queue but most were only 5 10mins. I recommend sticking around after the parade and riding a few more rides. Don't leave right then as half the park does, so transportation must be hell then. We left 40mins later and it was a breeze (ps  ride the runaway cars in the dark!) I also recommend downloading the HK Disney app. It gives you a map and the wait time of all rides in real time. Food: We did eat burgers at the park. While expensive I would say it was average price for an amusement park. Both ours were tasty. We also got popcorn for the parade and that was really good! Transportation: don't waste your money on cab fees to get here. It's quite manageable on the subway, just ask your hotel concierge and they'll direct you. Besides hopping on the Disney line to get there starts the magical experience.
The halloween event was amazing. Book thru Klook to get discounts on tickets. Suggest getting the meal coupon to save on costs. You can use the meal coupon in most restaurants.
I went to Disneyland to ride in the Teacups, but they were undergoing renovation   so the sign said. Many of the restaurants were closed. The Fantasy Garden where you can usually have photos taken with all the characters was also closed. The sign said Mickey and Friends would be at The Main Street entrance for photos. Later in the day when we tried to join the line at the Main Street entrance for photos with Mickey we were told that there were enough people already so we were turned away. The line was not extensive or long by an means. The Omnibus Street vehicle was out of service. When we went to Disney's Storybook Theatre to see the 4.30 Mickey Show there was an employee holding a sign saying this show is full. I think that if you are paying $100AUD you should expect that EVERY attraction would be open and operational.A tip   buy your ticket online from the Disneyland website. You will not have to line up at the ticket booth and you will save some time. If you are a visitor to Hong Kong you will also receive a $50HK shopping voucher.
On a family holiday to Hong Kong we had two seniors, two adults and two young grandchildren so decided to split our time at Disneyland into two trips. Also tickets for adults were only around another $10 to book the extra day and less for Seniors. This worked well for our group. Some queuing but wasn't too long but would not go on a public holiday or special event day. Check their calendar online. Lots of teens there but plenty of rides and attractions geared towards younger children as well..which suited us. Worth catching the parade. Too long a queue for Mickey and Minnie to have photos but the children did get to meet a couple of Princesses. Would recommend pre booking tickets.
I went to Hongkong with my Family and it was the most memorable vacation ever. I enjoyed all the places we've been through. The food was great and i love the noodles!! It was a great experience riding their train and going out for a Night Market. The prices were cheap and you can do bargains. We enjoyed our Disneyland Tour and 1 whole day is not enough to visit all the attractions inside.. You must bring extra battery for your cameras for you will be astounded by the beauty of the places.
If you   re a Disney fanatic like me and you   ve been to the American parks, you might be a little let down by HK Disneyland. It   s much smaller and it has less attractions. In saying that though, there are still lots of things to try out and enjoy. The big grizzly mountain ride was a definite highlight! The parades were excellent too.
If you have a stop over and it is on a public holiday DO NOT waste your time and money going to Disneyland. The park overall is nice but the sheer amount of people is concerning to say the least! Getting in at the main gate will take you 1hour plus. If you are not used to the disregard chinese folks have for standing in a line, the experience will just get worse for you! Again avoid going to Disneyland on a public holiday. We were only able to ride 4 rides for a whole day because of the lines being extremely long! Tip when it comes to the jungle boat ride take the line that says english guide, you will not have to wait that long for a boat, chinese line will take you forever! Did like the parade!
Super destination for both kids and adults. I took a leaf out of ine of the bloggers and it helped us a lot. Please book the tickets through klook or other similar apps. They have great options including meals at disneyland. Makes it really cost effectiveThe best option is to see the entire disneyland in one day and it is possible!!!First check out all the best rides and plan them accordingly...dont target the rides or events as soon as you enter....make a list and then tick each that you pass through....look for the fast pass options on select rides and use it wisely...with this plan you will be able to finish all the rides and attractions...wait till fireworks because it is a must and then depart with happy memories
If your going to the night parade, it only covers half of the rotunda, make sure your on the right side
this place is good for family with children or maybe couples that want to have flashback from childhood memory.  the place is huge...you might need 2 days to explore all the attractions.the food also good even though quite expensive.
Having visited both the Disney parks in both Orlando and Los Angeles I would judge this one as on the smaller side. Apart from that it's a Disneyland with all the magic you would expect.Extra marks for the train that immerses you into the Disney magic even before you arrive.A few things that we noted that could be better though:* On our visit several restaurants were closed. We had to search quite long for restaurants that were not waaay to expensive. In my mind, eating at a Disney park doesn't have the purpose of eating high class food, it's just about filling up energy quickly to get back into the park. If you need to close restaurants, please keep more of the lower priced ones open.* A little too much Chinese for an international park. For example, our 4 year old attended the Jedi academy and it was spoken a lot in chinese. Now, he doesn't understand English either, but if it was in English we could have helped him better. Perhaps more separate events in Chinese and English?* Opening hours 10:30 to 20:00 is too short. I don't know why they chose to open so late and close so early, but isn't most Disney parks in the US open until about midnight?
Disneyland as usual was a treat to the kids and the adults in the family too. The staff is ever helpful and friendly. The rides are great. The Disney story book theater is a wonderful addition to the musical shows and parades in Disneyland. Also the special Halloween parade was an additional treat.
Our 2nd day was spent at Disney Land HK! got our discounted ticket online. From the mtr line customized for Disneyland to the entrance gets you more excited. We went there 10:30 am and the queue was still fast. There are many shops inside. Though your old and entered Disneyland you'll feel the kid at heart. 1 day is not enough to visit this place. My heart left in Disneyland and we'll surely visit the place again!
Despite a few sections of the Park that was closed for renovation, Disneyland is still a solid choice for a day's worth of magical fun! 1. I went on a weekday and almost all the rides had a waiting time of less than 5minutes. 2. Was disappointed to discover that the Buzz Lightyear ride was decommissioned. However, my absolute favorite is still Mystic Manor. 3. Food is expensive, but still reasonable. 4. There are water fountains at some designated spots, so you can fill your bottles there. 5. This was my second time visiting Disneyland HK, so 1 day is enough. Highly recommend first timer to get the 2 days pass so you can enjoy the park at a leisurely pace. 6. Currently under Halloween theme, and i didnt like the Halloween parades (both the afternoon and evening sessions) as much as the usual one. The usual parade has a lot more fan favorite characters, better music, more colorful, longer duration, and more magical.
I went on a weekday during off peak period (after the Golden Week) and the park was not so packed. Managed to get onto most of the rides within minutes, which was a good thing. Location was quite convenient coming from the airport. I think the roller coasters are manageable for adults and kids and the park has quite a variety of rides. A bit pricey but that's Disneyland. I would recommend to visit once if you have kids or if you have not been to Disneyland before.
Didn't rate this park.we were advised the first thing to do would be to take the train around the park to find out where everything was.. this was a waste of time as the trees and bushes were so high you could hardly see any of the park. Took us all of 2hours to walk around the whole site.we went with a trip and were being picked up after 8pm by 3pm we had seen the whole thing so left and got train back to hotel. Really disappointed in the whole experience.
Spend 2 days here. Do take note popular rides queue can be about 2 hours long. Must watch all shows especially the parade. Do look out for the Disney Characters to take pictures with.And also prepared to shop for souvenirs; lots of souvenirs shop.Stay for the fireworks at the end; nicest fireworks I ever watch.Overall: need 2 days to cover all things.
We Booked on line, and were amazed that two 2 day tickets for seniors worked out at   35. It's reached on the final leg by a special Disney metro, with mouse shaped windows. The park is smaller than the Paris one, so can comfortably be done in 2 days. The Disney parades and night time fireworks are as good as the other parks. No haunted mansion, due to Chinese feelings about ghosts, but the Mystic manor made up for it. You don't get Korean Squid from the hot dog vendors in Florida.
Disneyland is a must visit if you have kids travelling with you to Hong Kong. Go early as the queues to the rides can get very long, especially on weekends.
My 4 grandchildren who had no experience of the LA and Orlando Disney had relative fun spending a whole day in the HK Disney. They .spent most of their time in the rides since Disney characters were wanting to seek autographs from and pose for pictures. They were only able to get Mickey and Minnie's autographs and pictures after a sweltering 2 hour queue, Chip and Dale and a picture with Goofy who luckily was roaming the Main Street. As a Halloween treat, there were two (2) short parades added: Mickey's Halloween Time Street Party and Villains Night Out! Chapter Two. However, these couldn't compare with the pomp and glamour in the parades at LA, more so at Orlando. The place was small, the rides and the fireworks even, leave much to be desired too. At any rate, since my grandchildren did not have anything to compare their experience with, they were moderately contented, clamoring for more rides hopefully in the future.
It was school holidays, my brother lives in Hong Kong, and I had a 9 year old that wanted to go to DisneyLand.We had a couple of days visiting my brother, and then 2 days at the Park, overnighting at the Disney Explorer's Lodge. One advantage of the Lodge is that they have a shuttle bus to and from the Park, running every 15 minutes or so. That saved time (and money) getting to and from the Park.Firstly, I was surprised at how small Disneyland was, especially compared with what I remembered of my first (and last) visit to Disneyland in Anaheim in 1985! After getting through the turnstyles, we jumped on the Disneyland train that took us around the perimeter and deposited us at the back end of Fantasyland. It was quite quiet (we arrived around 2pm) and access to the rides was not lengthy. We jumped on Dumbo, which was suitable for small kids, and then went to Mickey's Phiharmajic. That was really great, a 3D movie themed around the Mickey Mouse song, played by an animated orchestra. Featuring Donald Duck (not Trump) as the conductor. At the end of the performance Donald went flying through the air and ended up going through the back wall!We wandered across to the Mad Hatter Tea Cup and spun ourselves silly, and then had a rest and an ice cream. We caught up with some friends around 4pm, and went straight to the Iron Man show. This one was a 4D movie, and was well worth the entry fee. We were in a type of flying fighting machine, which rocked and rolled, and was based in Stark Tower, nominally in Hong Kong. A great way of seeing the skyline, being destroyed by some  bad guys . We then wandered off to Adventureland, which was the highlight, especially the Grizzly Gulch roller coaster. Can't give too much away because I don't want to spoil the fun for others, but it was great. Dusk was falling, which added to the ambience when we went on the Jungle River Cruise. Fake crocs, elephants, hippos, and natives made a lot of noise, and it was quite eery.We ended the day with dinner in the Corner Cafe, where our little girls had some spaghetti, and the men had a pair of Rueben sandwiches. Surprisingly good. Which brings me to the disappointing part of Disneyland. As said at the start, as a themed, fun park, carrying the Disney name, I would have thought it would be better. However, the main emphasis seems to be selling: average and expensive food, and poor quality Disney products. Clothes, dolls, stuffed animals, and other Disney memorabilia. It became a bit much where around every corner there was a food shop, or a retail store. In fact Main Street had one side of it filled with retail. I was fortunate that my daughter was well disciplined, and we only ended up was an umbrella, and a Mickey Spatula, to assist with her baking! Not so lucky were a lot of other parents who were weighed down with lots of  stuff .Overall, the theme park was good, and the nightly fireworks were great. However, it all paled into insignificance compared to the retail and the food.
We visited on a Saturday at around 130pm and stayed till 10pm. Buy tickets ahead of time to skip the ticket line. It was busy as expected and line for rides were at least 40 minutes. Food and drinks were expensive like any theme park ($28 32 HKD for bottled drinks and $30ish HKD for corn hot dog ice cream, etc). Snacks stalls do shut down in the evening. There are restaurants that remains open. Evening is the best, as the temperature is cooler and after 6pm or so, we were able to get on all the rides we wanted to as the wait times were anywhere from 0 to 20 minutes, except the night time stuff and kids rides in Fantasyland   lots of kids even at night! The rafts to the treehouse closes in the evening, but do go around 5 6pm to avoid standing in line. Part of Toy Story Land was also blocked off when we got there around 7pm ish. We saw fireworks at 8pm and parade at around 9pm. I've only been to Disney World in Florida. So, in comparison, this Disneyland is much more manageable as a day half day trip. It was a fun visit for us.
Ever since we visited the park in Los Angeles, my daughter was keen to visit the one again and we decided to take her to Hong Kong. We were extremely enthusiastic about this place and bought 2 days ticket but we couldnt even spend one full day here. This place is nowhere close to the one in US and is extremely commercial. What I mean by commercial is that the focus is more on shops rather than characters and their house, the disney experience etc. The entrance is designed similar to the one in Los Angeles. There are some rides but those are not the one that one goes to disneyland for. There is a toy train that gives a good ride across the park. However, if you are expecting to meet all the characters then you would surely be disappointed as there are only mickey and mini and they also stand in a shaded area rather than having a home of their own. Plus there arent other characters and princess castle etc. There is a food court and some eateries inside and you can also buy waterbottles etc. so dont worry about carrying food, drinks etc. In summary, what you get is all the toys  figurines etc but the place fails to offer the disney experience. Maybe Disney undermined the tourism potential of Asia and developed a very small park that focuses more on shops rather than Disney experience. After some time it felt as if we are in Disney mall rather than Disneyland. If you havent been to any disneyland then its a fine place to go to. However, if you want a real disney experience, I would suggest visiting the one the Los Angeles (if and when you plan a trip to US). You can separately view my review of the the Disneyland in US.Overall, I was indeed disappointed and its possible that this disappointment was because of my prior visit to the one in US. If you plan to visit, please do keep maximum of a day for it and do carry umbrellas (as it gets really hot in summer) and a camera.
Hong Kong Disneyland aims to make you feel happy, energetic, take in as much as you can see, and enjoy the experience
Our recent trip to Hong Kong was another testing the user friendly nature of holiday destinations for people in wheelchairs. And, I am pleased to say that Disneyland Hong Kong really did step up to the mark. On entry the staff (cast members they call themselves) pay attention to those in wheelchairs to make it easier to enter. Security and bag checks on entry provide a higher sense of safety in these troubled times. And, don't forget that when you go through the gate ask for the multiple entry stamp so that if you leave during the day you can come back again on the same day without the cost of another ticket. Also if you decide to come back for a second day it is cheaper to upgrade your one day pass to a two or multi day pass at the gate than to buy another ticket. Like all theme parks Disney land is not cheap, food is of poor quality and very expensive, drinks including bottled water are also very expensive. However, they do have rides that cater for people in wheelchairs. In all our travels we have not experienced this before. The park has a number of rides that have special carriages that allow the wheelchair to be loaded passenger and all onto the ride thus ensuring the whole family can enjoy the ride together. These rides are clearly marked on the theme park maps. Other good things about the park include abundant seating as there is a lot of walking to do and a lot of waiting for the young adults (Children) who are off on the roller coasters, etc. when mum and dad are worn out. The paths are easy to navigate even with the crowds and make the use of wheelchairs both manual and electric much easier. We went during the day and then came back at night to watch the fireworks. A tip here   they turn the lights out at night for the fireworks show which in the crush of people makes this a pick pockets paradise. Keep your valuables secure and wear your bag at the front. I had my back pockets touched a number of times during the show but fortunately had my RFID wallet in my front pocket on a chain secured to my belt. We enjoyed ourselves immensely and recommend the park as a good day out for the family. If you stay at one of the Disney resorts they are only a short shuttle bus ride or 15minute walk from the park. We stayed at the Disney Explorers Lodge which already has hundreds of reviews on trip advisor so I will not repeat them here.
Visited the park during the month of October and they have Halloween themed parade in the evening. The rides are clean and safe. Some rides have Fastpass facility where you can use the entry ticket to get a fast pass ticket which indicate the alloted time for you to come back to take the ride. When you return during the alloted time, you get to bypass the normal queue line and go right to the beginning of the Q. Note** you can only get one fastpass at a time. So do plan how you want to use this facility. Bring your own water bottle to refill water. The price of bottled drinks are 3 times more than what I pay outside the park.There is a locker service (HK$100) for whole day so you dont have to carry big bags while riding. Park policy: No wheeled travel bag, you have to carry them
Excellent place if you are visitng with your family and children. Keep a full day in hand. Lots of things to see around
We visited the park with my daughter and family. Our 10 year old and 12 year old grandsons definitely enjoyed it. It is a bit smaller than the Magic Kingdom in Florida and some of the rides are the same. But there are differences even on some rides like the runaway mine train and hyperspace mountain. The food quality was disappointing for a Disney park and was the reason for not getting a rating of 5.
I have visited 4 Disney parks so far and Hong Kong Disneyland is very small. The signature castle is very small!! Super small!! Some rides are different and some rides are missing like pirates of my the Caribbean, haunted mansion. The small world ride is longer, it last longer!! But they have less little puppets. They don't have the delicious and famous turkey legs!! In October several restaurants were closed. Something that was really shocking for Disney was people who work there did not speak English or spoke English very limited. Really a shame, In Paris, and the USA most of them are bilingual. Here you have one tip, if you are going to buy your tickets on line buy them with the 3 meal plan, you would pay 30 US dollars per person more but just one main dish for lunch is 20 US dollars, ( and you would get a snack, lunch( main dish plus soda) dinner (main dish with soda) and a discount for a beverage) so it definitely is worth it. And you can finish the park in one day.
A wonderful magical park with very clean and lovely surroundings . This park has all usual things we expect from disney. Highly recommended
Great first Disneyland experience! I felt like a little kid again, I just wish we saw more characters to take a photo with, not that many were available and we got there right when the park opened. Other then that rides were fun, food was good, and I got engaged there! Thanks Hong Kong Disney!
We   ve been here twice but still enjoyed every single thing about disney.. Planing to go back again this coming Christmas with family.
I'd recommend visiting this place during the weekdays to avoid large crowds. Make sure you reach the gates no later than 10:00 AM to have a complete day experience.
Disneyland Hongkong is a magical place where kids and adults alike enjoy the various activities that it offers. One day is not enough to enjoy this place.
We went the last week of September, knowing that the beginning of October is a Chinese holiday and it would be crowded then. Not knowing what to expect, it was great!! They weren't even using the fast pass system as there were almost no lines. We got to go on aa the rides we wanted to with hardly waiting at al!! This time of the year is highly recommended. The kids loved it.
Disney aficionados will of course need to see this. It feels smaller than the CA Magic kingdom but the walking areas are wide like Orlando and the number of attractions are scaled back. Check out the Mystic Manor   different than the Haunted Mansion and well done. Iron Man attraction is a simulator ride that is fine. Small World and Winnie the Pooh are exceptionally well done with vibrant colors that really pop when you see them   US Disney needs to refurbish! Ticket price, given the scaled back attractions, wasn't too bad.
Tips:Download the hong kong disneyland app, have internet card and carry a power bank.The app has everything including it shows the location where you are so if you want drinking water, or find restarurant or find toilet all you have to do is check in the app and move in the direction.It also has all the shows, attractions and also the wait times. It also shows where a disney character will be available for photo shoot and at what time. Except for jungle safari where the wait time was more than that shown and can be skipped if more wait time all other attractions were simple to manage. Jungle safari showed 20mins but our line was for English and it took 30mins to 1 hour. Skip this unless waiting time shows 10mins.We saw all the shows including the parades, did all the attractions which we wanted to do in 2 days just because of the app.For small children:Its a small world, Mickey and the wonderous book must do. Winnie the PoohFor all:Mickey Phillauri, Festival of the lion king(though i felt a little bored as similar to carnival)Flights of fantasy parade at 1.30   Excellant.Villians night out at 7   Excellant8pm last show Disney fireworks was good but too much crowded. Better to stand at the back and watch than sit in the front behind someone.Other not to be missed:Iron man experience and photo with iron man.Star wars(Not for faint hearted)Fantasyland where you can meet Winnie, Tigger, many princesses, Tinker bell in fairy tale forest.Tarzan's treehouse.Mystic manor.For big children and adultsHaunted house  Being disney's it was more entertaining than haunted. We laughed all the way out. My children though were little scared.Its a whole new world. You will hear this and sing this for many days even after you come back from Disneyland. Its so enchanting and everyone in the carnival parade are so enthusiastic along with the excellant music that its infectious and you feel like dancing in the parade.They have seperate stroller parking areas everywhere where parents can keep their strollers when they carry their kids inside for the shows.All food and drink is on the higher side here so carry water with you(There is drinking water inside so you may carry a bottle and refill it whenever needed) and they do check the bags at security but considerable food is still allowed inside. Checking is for sharp objects etc. but they do understand that Disneyland is for kids so parents are going to carry food inside. Not that strict for that.
As expected with any Disneyland, it was magical! The park was clean and had all the usual things you expect from Disney. With our trip being October the parade was Halloween themed with all the villains from Disney, a very nice touch! It was shame there wasn't a larger variety of food. It was mainly corn on the cob and chicken sausage on a stick. The overall day was brilliant but if the staff looked they like enjoyed working there it would definitely have been 5*
How can you miss Disneyland if you are in Hong Kong? Not if you have kids (and kid at heart) in the family. Been here for 5 or 6 times for the last 12 years and it is always an amazing experience. Tip: If you have young kids (7years and lower) its a good idea to get a 2day pass so you can enjoy the park at your own pacing. Not rushing every ride attraction.Do not miss the fireworks esp around Christmas time.
I have been to 4 Disneyland Parks over the years   Disneyland Paris, Disneyland Anaheim, Tokyo Disneyland and Sea, and part of the    magical feeling    is being surrounded by their super friendly staff. HongKong Disneyland however, was entirely the opposite. I really didn   t expect majority of their staff to be grumpy, snobbish, super rude even. Majority don   t smile, they don   t greet, they are not willing to help you out even when asking for a simple direction, they shout, my 4 year old son even got scolded in front of me since he was holding on to one of the queue ropes, the worst part?  I was carrying my son because he got tired while waiting for the queue at the ironman ride, this young staff shouted at me and asked me to put him down! I wanted to argue but I don   t want to ruin our mood so we just complied. In the royal banquet restaurant, the staff are also hot tempered. We hardly understand their english, so we politely requested to repeat what they are saying, but as expected, the staff got pissed and shouted again.When asking for direction, they seemed to be not in the mood to assist as well.In the merchandise stores, don   t expect them to help you when you are buying a US$60 toy and (after paying) you want to try if the battery operated toy is working. I have been told that    it should work or just bring it back it if doesn   t   . The positive side: The park is clean, and there   s always an english translation in almost all the rides. Also, since we went there on a weekday (Monday & Tuesday, which I think is the best time to visit), there was hardly a queue on majority of the rides and attraction . The longest queue is around 20 minutes, while majority is 5 10 minutes thereabouts.I am not sure if our experience with their staff is culture related, but majority of the staff at Disney Hollywood Hotel, including the shuttle bus drivers were likewise rude. I will be sharing our experience at this hotel in a separate review.All in all, if you are used to the friendly ambiance in most Disneyland Resorts, you basically have to lower down your expectations when visiting Hongkong Disneyland. Disney Management should seriously look into this. I am not sure if the staff are compensated well, but they should be consistently reminded to be customer service oriented, because they definitely seem to be the most unhappiest, and unfriendliest staff.
Amazing experience that we all had fantasies about. when you are  in  Disneyland, your are a child again and  that  is  the  best  way to  enjoy your  day..
I wish I could give 3 1 2 stars because that would be more accurate. However, this is a hard review because there are some positives, but there are some big negatives to Hong Kong Disney.POSITIVESWait Times   If you go during the week and get there when the park opens (generally at 10:30 AM), you will have 10 minute waits or less for the first couple of hours in the park. We went on a Monday in October and waited 5 10 minutes for all the major rides until around 1:30 2:00 when the park started to get more crowded. Even then, our longest wait was 30 minutes which would be considered short wait times by Orlando standards.Unique Rides   Big Grizzley Mountain is a superb ride that combines the best of Expedition Everest and Big Thunder Mountain. There are two great surprises on this ride that make it stand out as one of the best coasters Disney has assembled. HyperSpace Mountain combines a Star Wars theme to its classic ride to make it more exciting the original. And the new Iron Man ride is outstanding as well. Lastly, Mystic Manor takes the trackless innovation of Tokyo Disney's Winnie the Pooh and creates a Haunted Mansion experience that's truly one of the best.Shows   There are some terrific shows at the park, namely: Festival of the Lion King and Mickey and the Wondrous Book. Great music, costuming and special effects.NEGATIVESSize   Hong Kong Disneyland is definitely small which means you can pretty much do all the attractions in a single day. We choose to ride our favorite rides 2 3 times and we still rode 80% of the rides at the park.Cast Members   I can't even believe I'm saying this about a Disney property, but the Cast Members were lacking...by a lot! Rarely did we receive a smile. No Disney cheerfulness. No excitement whatsoever in any cast member we saw. It makes you realize how much of the Disney experience is wrapped up in the attitude of their cast members because it soured our taste of this park.Line Cutting   People must have cut in line on us a dozen times or more. It seemed accepted and even the cast members looked the other way (figuratively   because most were looking right at them and didn't do a thing). Again, this really took away from the experience. Nothing about the atmosphere at HK Disney seemed  Disney esque There are other minor items on both sides, but these are the major points of interest. Having been to 9 Disney parks around the world, this would definitely be at the bottom of the list.That being said, if you want to go and ride some terrific rides at a park that is not terribly crowded most of the time, then I would encourage you to go. Quite honestly, the little kids probably won't even notice. But the adults, they will notice that this park does not have the Disney mystique.
What can I say? Its Disneyland! If you have not been to one, this might be THE ONE for you. Its probably the most affordable one.Its great fun, everyone smiles inside, the rides are fun, 3D 4D movies are WOW. Dont miss the end of day parade at 0700pm and the fireworks at 0800pm! Disney sure knows how to put on a show.Whether you are going alone, with your love, or as a family, this place has something for everyone.
I believe this is the smallest Disneyland in the world. However it has everything that are offered in other Disneyland. It's better to visit during non holiday weekdays. Or it will be wasting time on waiting in line unless you have the fast pass which will help a bit. Limited time, limited budget, in Asia, want to see all Disney cartoon characters, this is a good option.
My husband and I did a day trip to Disneyland on a Saturday. The park was absolutely incredible and not too busy! Wait times were very reasonable for rides. We were told that the park is quieter at this time of year as school holidays have ended. The variety and price of food was great. You must try a Mickey Waffle they are delicious! I was also very impressed with the cleanliness of the park and amenities there was not a spot of rubbish. I would definitely visit again. Price and availability of souvenirs also excellent.
We love Disney parks but this one lacks so much appeal compared to USA parks. There is no atmosphere in the park, in parts it was like a deserted ghost town. It is smaller compared to the others which is not a problem but its just lacking in so many ways. The staff are not as friendly either.Some good rides there like your usual space mountain, buzz lightyear etc. Food and drinks are really expensive so be prepared. As a family we never had to really que for anything which was great. Sadly we did not see the parade as a huge storm came over the park. This did not detract from our day as we have seen parades before. Can't quite put my finger on it but we all agreed the park was missing the Disney sparkle.
Hong Disneyland is a must if you are traveling to the area with children or if you're just a Disney fanatic. Toy Story Land was different than Orlando's Disney World and a nice touch. I think it would be better if Hong Kong Disney Land had a few more western options for food and where are the infamous Mickey pretzels? Missed those!
This one is not too big land and if you visit in weekday you can enjoy all with not too much for a queue. All staff are lively and friendly. Only a restaurant there, food are expensive and not good. At night i love a firework at sleeping beauty's castle! It's beautiful.
To go here better you go by MTR. The last train is really cute. They have all disney character inside. And the window like mickey's. But remember, they are not allowed you to eat or drink inside the train and the station area. You can eat and drink outside the station area.
We had a great day out with my young children at Disney, there are lots of fun rides suitable for all ages and plenty of entertainment that you'd expect such as parade and bands playing music. The choice of food at restaurants is average but do try the mickey waffle with cream in his ears!!The worst bit for us was character meeting where the staff believe they are entitled to talk and behave with customers the way they like. We had first hand account of a couple begging to meet a character but they were turned down even though they'd come from abroad since they were five minutes late. We ourselves wanted to take our children to meet Donald but were slightly late since my wife stopped to help an elderly couple. I totally understand that being late is not an excuse and am not even arguing about it but the way the lady behaved and talked to us is at best appalling. We don't speak Chinese and she then started joking about us with other customers and they were all laughing. My family was very upset at this so I went to the guest relations team to lodge a formal complaint. The guy there took details of the incident on a small piece of paper and did not ask for my name contact. When I asked how they would send me feedback he said they don't but that he would raise it with the department of the employee concerned.
i go here with my family every year we are enjoying the parks attraction more particularly the disney on parade and the 5d theater
I visited with my family. We stayed at Holiday Iin express,a cheap and nice hotel. HK Disneyland is a perfect place to visit with your family and remeber to check the schedule for shows and attraction.
1 full day was about right for me to go through most of the attractions. Many of the rides are very engaging and interactive. But if you are looking for more high elements scary rides, this may not be the best place to go.Love the night show and fireworks, and the halloween theme decorations and performances.
Having no other experience on Disney we had little to compare our visit with. We are retired a day we had a lovely day despite occasional showers. The park wasn't too busy when we arrived wait times increased as the day progressed. I feel this park is probably perfect for younger children there was one or two thrilling rides the establishment are comparable with somewhere like Thorpe park or Lego land. B
Being middle aged without any kids I probably am the wrong person to rate this since it is a fantasy land for kids. But there are still quite a few things for us adults as well. I liked the Star Wars themed Hyperspace Mountain is a really fast and cramped rollercoaster. Since it all is so fast I didn   t really get the Star Wars feeling I wanted. I really liked the Iron Man Experience. And the Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars was a great rollercoaster. But what I really loved was the Mystic Manor. A great little thing that really draws you into the story. We went on the Monday after the Golden Week and didn   t need to use any of our Fast Passes. Great! We didn   t have a problem doing everything we wanted in a day.
I visited here on 22.9.17 and loved it. It is very easy to get to by train and then just a short walk from the Disney station to the entrance. For seniors it is one of the best values in town HK$100 (which includes all rides and attraction) so make sure you have something to prove your age. The whole place is Disney    immaculate    and there are many rides and attractions and many many shop! At this stage of life, I forego the more adventurous rides and was more than satisfied with the    It   s a small world    wonderful    river cave    type boat ride gliding past animated representations of children from all over the world (did that twice), the Cinderella Carousel and the quite amazing Mystic Manor attraction. The 30 minute stage show presentation of The Festival of The Lion King is just wonderful. Such spectacle and energy. Then there are the day and evening parades with hundreds of performers including the ubiquitous rodents Mickey and Minnie and the duck!
This place is amazing  You need to spend 2 days here to see it all  We did 3 4 of a day and only seen 1 4 of the park  Get there early and pre buy your tickets so you don't have to wait
It was short walk from transport line arrival was easy. Park is not the biggest but its great if you have small kids not long wait times for rides. Park was very clean, we did the park in 1 day but we did have a 2 day pass so we went half day next day and did the stuff we most liked. Staff are very friendly and happy to help. Lots of stores to buy from
Our first Disneyland experience and we were not disappointed. It has current expansion work going on which I recommend was complete to get a 2 day pass as it is big enough to experience 2 days of fun! Everyone was friendly and helpful, go during weekday when quiet and start your day there at 10am. Wonderful family day!
This is smaller than then American equivalent but it it worth the visit. It has much of the same magic and they do quite well at making the Disney experience memorable. Remember that there are some rides that aren't open all day. The parade was good. Night time was better. Everything is on a smaller scale. If this is your first park, you will love it, if you have done Anaheim, you will notice the difference. Unlike Shanghai they have Tinkerbell.
The place is beautiful . All the rides are very good but have very long queues.It may take more than one hour per ride. However the place is very nice. The train takes you from starting to Fantasyland. The castles at Fairy land are a major attraction for kids..The Toystory land and tomorrowland are the best.
We were traveling to Hong Kong with our children and knew we needed to do a day at Hong Kong Disneyland. The park is rather small so a day is plenty of time. The lines to the rides were 10 minutes or less and the crowds were not overwhelming. Drawbacks, although it was Disney, I felt like it was Disney at 50% effort. It was Halloween and I have been to many other parks at this time and the decorations are amazing. Hong Kong Disney had Halloween decor up, but it seemed to be the leftovers from the other parks. It was not the same feeling you get in LA, or Orlando. I am glad we went, but definitely ok with going one time in my life. Side note, the weather was miserable. Hot an Humid, but really short lines, so it can be viewed as a win!
From the start it is an adventure! From the sunny bay MTR train station there is the Disney train that goes straight to the park. You could take a taxi but the train completes the Disney experience here. You should take the train. One comes every 3 mins.While quite a bit smaller than Disney in Orlando, FL, this Disney packs a lot of great things in. It has tons of great rides for the small ones and everyone else, including tea cups and dumbo. There is also Space Mountain but it is Star Wars themed and SUPER cool!!! Our favourite ride by far!!! It's like being in the scenes of the death Star battle with Tie fighters and x wings zooming in every direction. Our 7yo son thought it was a bit loud and fast but this was the first rollercoaster he has ever been on.We all really enjoyed the jungle boat ride  our guide was very funny! Tarzana tree house was also a favourite.Get your pictures with Micky, Minie, Cinderella, and all the Star Wars characters too !!!!We went on a Wednesday at 11 and it was great bc it was not crowded and we waited only 5 mins to get on rides!!!! That's almost unheard of!!!!The castle is small but still cool to see. We didn't stay for the parade. It would have made for too long a day. We live near Disney here in HK and get the pleasure is seeing the fireworks over the water every night. It's always cool to see!It's a great park with lots of great rides and things to do!!
Compared to other Disneyland this is just a small portion compacted altogether what they have..It was my treat vacation for my mom and my girls...my son didn't come with us this trip :( anyhow, we did enjoy coz it's my mom's first HK trip.. Given, it's expensive but worth a try for a1st timer.. My suggestions specially during summer:  bring umbrella and your camera phone  bring a lot of water (expensive inside)  wear rubber shoes and comfortable clothings  bring face towel tissues wet & dry  try all the rides as much as you can  be a child again enjoy the ridesAnyway, my mom's 73 but still strong and healthy... she enjoyed that moment
Our favorites were Star wars, mine cart and iron man sections. Food was very expensive (hamburger menu 100 hkd, water 30 hkd). Entrance fee is 540 hkd for adults, 480 hkd for kids below 11 yrs old
Most of the attractions are the same as the ones in Magic Kingdom at Walt Disney World, with the exception of Toy Story Land.They have changed some of the great attractions im Tomorrowland which I feel is a big mistake. Autopia (also known as Tomorrowland Speedway) has been shut completely and I remember there was a roller coaster ride which is also gone. However, they've replaced it with Buzz Lightyear Space Mission, which is fun   its a 1v1 laser shooting game where to hit targets to gain points. I remember I was so good at it I scored over a million points (max level) HAHA.Space Mountain ride is a must go!!! It's the same as the one in Disney World!!! Loads of fast corners and humps!!!The rest is pretty much the same so nothing much to talk about.The only thing good is with the opening of Shanghai Disneyland, you will hardly see any Mainland Chinese tourists in Hk Disneyland. So no more long queues and queue cutting.They do have the fast pass system but it's only for like 3 attractions (not the rides) so don't even use it   it's pointless.
I only met Mickey Mouse once. I don't even met any princess. But I met Capt America and Spiderman. It's so hot I can't bare it. Grizzly's mine is one of the best ride. Mystic Manor is also good. Stark tower is awesome. But the best is the Hyperspace Mountain. The are still many empty lot to put new rides.
We first visited this hotel 2 years ago. Once again we had a wonderful holiday, with the hotel exceeding itself.Stayed Concierge level, which was well worth the extra cost. We received fast passes for every day plus daily priority entry to the first Storybook show (which was wonderful, albeit slightly weird with Goofy, Mickey and Olaf talking in Chinese, with songs being sung in English).Breakfast was plentiful, as was the evening food. The free wine and beer each evening was very welcome and relaxing after a day exploring or visiting the park. Having Mickey, Minnie or Daisy duck visit the lounge in their pyjamas each evening was quant and something I wish Disneyworld did. Both children and adults got into the swing of things and turned up in their PJs!Was able to explore the 2 other hotels, and if we wanted to could use their facilities. The only negative was a lack of a restaurant bar at the pool. Having to order room service which took an hour was not ideal. There was a jug of water by the pool   s entrance, but sometimes water will not do, so we ended up getting dried and dressed a few times and going to the lounge just to have a cup of tea. For some reason none of the 3 hotels appeared to have food facilities at the pool     something I have not encountered before.Tip     by the annual pass for the park     we did and got a good reduction in room prices, discount at park restaurants and on shopping     well worth the money and the tickets are dirt cheap compared the Disneyworld!Can   t wait to visit again, hopefully in a year or two.
We have been to all the Disney parks in the world and Hong Kong was the list in the list and turned out to be absolute disappointment. My daughter wanted to see all the princess and we didn't see any apart from Sofia the first and that too straight from the disney film. Castle was very small compared to other Disneyland or even one in Shanghai. All in all it was just an disappointment.
The access to Disneyland Hong Kong is easy, using MTR using Orange Line (Tung Chung) and stop to Sunny Bay station, change to Disney MTR with Mickey and Minnie Mouse style. The ticket is average price. We are recommended for the Book Story Teller, stage performance is very excellent (we have 3 times watch this). Also the new attraction like Starwars roller coaster maybe will shock you, and Iron Man also Marvel's Agent SHIELD will cheers you up.
I arrived at the 10 and by the time I left at 5 I had seen the entire park. I had fun on my first Disney experience and liked that the park was very walkable. The food is super expensive and not very good (at least what I had) so make sure to bring lunch snacks.
Must see for kids, judging by their reaction to everything what is happening.I will now talk about obvious things, but those were disappointing.Half of performances are in Chinese, which Is logical, but does not allow one english speaking to fully integrateVery limited choice of food, mostly fast food, which is always true for open parks as well. Not too much interactive attractions, rather very conservativeStill, for kids this is lots of fun, so I suppose adult's opinion is a bit biased
The ticket price of 580 odd dollars is not worth the visit here. It is generally very crowded, one has to wait in line for hours for every ride, which means one cannot do more than 4 5 rides in a day. The food and refreshments here are very expensive too, so you end up shelling out a lot of money.On hot and sunny days, it becomes very difficult to move around.All in all, we didnt find the visit worth the money at all.
Hong Kong Disney has limited rides and attractions and seems much more geared towards younger kids. It poured with rain the day we went so quite a few of the attractions were temporarily closed. The park lacks the Disney atmosphere that I've experienced at other parks. On the up side, it's very easy to get there by MTR.
All the wonderful amenities expected of Disneyland.  A much smaller park, but has some really fun rides.  Definitely go on Big Grizzly Mountain and Hyperspace Mountain.
Visited on a week day in September and we had an amazing day. The park was really quiet and we did not wait in any lines all day. We arrived on the train at about 10am for a 10:30am opening and we breezed straight through the bag checks and joined the lines to get in. They opened Main Street early for some shopping which was perfect as we had the chance to scope out some purchases for later in the day. Most of the park opened at 10:30 and we headed straight to Adventureland to ride Jungle Cruise. They have the option for several different languages which is great for visitors that don't speak English. We then waited a few minutes for Grizzly Gulch to open and headed for a few rides on that and then Mystic Manor. They had an interactive marvel attraction thing happening which was good. Without giving a full run down of the day we pretty much managed everything we wanted to go on and saw all the parades, fireworks and special Halloween happenings. The magic book show was brill. I think it's a bit disappointing that they cancel Paint the Night for Halloween as the Halloween parade was average in comparison. Tomorrowland is a little sad at the minute with all of the renovations but we loved the Iron Man experience, a nice evolution of star tours. Overall a great day, this Disney park is one of my favourites and the merchandise was way better than Shanghai Disneyland.
We went there with 2 day pass bought together with a 2 night stay at Disney Hollywood Hotel (on separate review on TripAdvisor). There was a separate line for in house guests and day visitors at the entrance. One day is enough if you plan to just roam around the park. But those who would like to ride all the rides and witness all the live shows cannot do it all in one day since the waiting time range from 20 60 minutes and there are a lot of great attractions inside the park. I highly suggest you wear your most comfortable footwear because you will be on your feet for hours.The live shows gave me chills because it brought back a lot of childhood memories. My salute and respect to all the talents!The food was a little bit pricey but its serving is big enough for a parent to share with a child. Our favorite restaurant was Explorer's Club. Water is quite expensive there so better bring a water bottle you can refill from water fountains near comfort rooms. Speaking of comfort rooms, every attraction has a CR with many cubicles and tissue papers. There are also defibrillators located near every comfort rooms. When visiting with children, the park has strollers for rent. And they have a station for lost children where you can report a missing child (heaven forbids!). Overall experience was amazing except for the time my sister notice to have lost her iphone. She reported it to the park's  city hall  but no words about it until we board our plane back home.Despite that, we had the best of time of our lives.
This is the third Disneyland I have visited and this was the easiest to navigate.  It is small but offers all the rides.  The grounds are lush and green.  it was very hot when we were there but there was plenty of shade too.
Totally loves it apart from the heat and humidity . A lot of rides are air conditioned. Those that aren   t need to be fixed up. Lots of rides that accommodate little kids but the fast track passes need to cover all rides , not just a few. Worth getting fast track passes though, it was a godsend that we had them included in our stay at Disney   s Explorers Lodge Resort. Very stroller friendly but the park needs more baby care facilities dotted across the whole park and not just on Main Street. Loved it and will come again one day.
We went to Disneyland on the worst day, it being the national holiday it was super busy but it was our last full day in Hong Kong so had no choice. We bought our tickets on klook so slightly cheaper. The people were so rude, not staff but other customers, pushing, shoving, prodding. Theres no such queuing system, it doesnt matter that you have been waiting an hour, someone will come along, pretend someone else is ahead, get to a certain point and call the rest of the family friends to push in!! Because of the language barrier i got a lot of giggles, shaking of heads and just ignored when confronted them. It happened in pretty much every queue which ruined the whole experience. Also the park is small, theres no cooling system , perhaps more sheltered areas, AC, Fanned areas, even in the queue they could have them water spritzing things, the excessive heat made it uncomfortable. Theres not enough food options, not enough international, we ate at the corner cafe but had to wait 30 mins to be seated. The only good thing is the ease of getting thete, the mtr is easy to use and cheap enough. The disney train itself is a nice touch. All in all a bad day out!
So this is the 4th Disney Park my fianc  e and I have travelled to together. Although this park is a lot smaller than the others we both really enjoy the intimacy of the park. The rides were very fun. They had all the great rides that all the Disney parks have, other than pirates of the Caribbean and splash mountain. It was a bit disappointing not having a water ride in HK, considering how hot it is. Two things that disappointed us was that we really struggled to find vegetarian meals that were dairy free (allergies) and the merchandise wasn   t great. We didn   t buy any merchandise. Usually we do, but this park just disappointed us when it came to merchandise. Overall though for a theme park with rides it was great.
One of my most visited Disneyland cos it   s nearer to where I was coming. With the newly additions, it makes the visit more worth compared to 2 years back.  Must try the iron man ride and small small world.
If you are a Disney fanatic, this is good for the Disney aspect. There are a few good rides, but compared to any American six flags the ride selection and quality are inferior. Younger kids would still have a great time. It   s smaller than American theme parks. I do not recommend the meal voucher. A lot of places don   t accept it
We have a 4 year old and we bought a two day pass using the Klook app. I love HK Disney because of its small size, it was easy to get around and see everything. The rides are wonderful and the shows were amazing. We especially loved festival of the lion king. There are potable water stations near the washrooms where you can refill bottles. This is such a wonderful feature! Disappointments: I was disappointed that character greetings were marked on the brochure but when we went, there weren't any characters there. Some rides have no shaded area to stand in. Advice: bring an umbrella to make your own shade..... this will make or break your day. I hope you go and have a fun day!!
Bit of a disappointment really as is tiny ..gives an idea of Disneyland ..but only as far as people movement etc. Good for rides ..queues of course but wait time is not long.
We bought our tickets at the gate and we're concerned at the length of the queues but everything moved quickly and smoothly.Staff are helpful and friendly. we went on the Hyperspace mountain ride first off only 15 mins wait   in air conditioning. Then Iron Man experience about 20 min wait. It stormed and rain heavily during the day but the park kept the as many rides open as they could. We ate lunch by the Iron Man experience. It was good quality tasty fresh food. It was served quickly and we really enjoyable. We queue for a food rides but the lines move quickly and loads are air conditioned waiting areas. We stayed on to see the Halloween parade   it was all in Chinese but the costumes and performers were excellent. The train ride back to Sunny Bay and the whole experience was enjoyable.
Disneyland never fails to disappoint. HK Disney is really easy to get to by train and once you get off you feel like the magic begins. Go in the middle of the week if possible because it isn't as busy, the longest we waited for a ride was 30 minutes, and even though you wait it's still an experience. The best rides for adults and kids over 7 were Hyperspace Mountain and Big Grizzly runaway minecars. When it comes to food I highly recommend taking snacks and water. With the water though you can fill them up at the water stations. We had dinner st the Corner Cafe which was ok given the standard of food at all Disney locations. 10 hours later, sore feet and tired kids but it's all worth it   it is the happiest place on earth!
Talk about being a kid again... Disneyland will still and always be the happiest place on Earth. Hyperspace Mountain is my favorite ride. I cried during the Flights of Fantasy Parade seeing my childhood virtual playmates come to life. The festival of yhe Lion King was definitely a hit! And of course the fireworks is a much watch. We booked through Klook for discounted tickets and it was definitely a great choice.
This was our first family experience of Disneyland, and whilst good was probably not comparable with the US parks. I'm saying this as it was easily covered in a day. For the younger kids it's great, but post 6 or 7 the rides are limited. That said, we still had a great day and the ambience is magical. My son is 8 going on 9 and loved the day. The rides are clean and the place is well staffed. The park was packed when we attended as it was the day after a public holiday, and the heat was oppressive. But we still had a great but very tiring day. Having been to Ocean Park, for older kids and whilst it's not as polished as Disney, it has bigger rides that will better suit them.
Perhaps because we went really early in the day but this trip to HK Disney land was really quite enjoyable. Less crowded ...I imagine a lot of mainland Chinese may have opted to go to the one opened in Shanghai. Disney keeps consistent standards and for this I am appreciative. Great family time! No complaints! The Christmas decorations made it even more special!
Great to see Micky Mouse, and several Disney Characters.  Had a chance to see Cinderella.  Had rides on boat passing thru lots of Disney attractions, characters, music, etc.  Enjoyed watching the parade of Disney Characters and the fireworks at 8pm.  We will be back here.
No of high adventure and roller coaster rides could have been more. Just 2 are available. But very nice shows and rides for kids. Jungle boat ride, grizzle roller coaster ride,lion king show for kids etc were good. Try fast pass during peak hrs to skip queue. Visited end of September on a weekday. Very less crowd and didn't have to wait more than 5mins for any rides or shows. Took popular rides even 2 3 times. Not the case during usual days where queues take 30 45mins for popular rides. May be this time of year is best to visit.
Good place for family with young children or those who are young at heart. Prepare to spend half a day to enjoy the attractions.My family and I enjoyed ourselves a lot, especially my 11 yrs old son.A not to miss place whenever you are in Hong Kong.Thank you.
The crowd in Hong Kong in general is rude and impolite and will not think twice before pushing and shoving their way through. And this trait of those visiting Disneyland gets heightened even more. The rides have a minimum waiting time of 1 hour. Often it seems people don't even know why they were standing in a particular line. Just not worth the experience. If you just can't miss this, then at least go after 3 pm. Most rides are open till 8 and park is open till 10:30. Disappointing and just not worth it.
Kids will love this place with all the rides and characters (as with any disney property). Food choices are limited though (even though there a tens of outlets   the selection is pretty limited for non Asian   read Chinese   people). All in all a wonderful experience.
Park has its own train station and very easy to access using Hong Kong's very efficient MTR network. We enjoyed the free show called Lion King festival that showcased story of Lion King cast of many talented people and impressive stage not to miss the lady in the trapeze, fire dancer and huge puppets. Must see when visiting this park. Only downside is most food stall and restaurants opens from 12 noon so best to bring food and drinks for your kids to make sure there will be fuel for the before you can buy anything.
Hong Kong Disneyland is the best!      I really enjoy the shows, rides and other amazing experiences. I was amazed with the type of enjoyment they bring to all visitors from different countries. Will go back soon.
So much fun in one day! Go on a weekday as the queues are not long (longest we found was 20 minutes). I'd also suggest you go at opening time. Best rides were Space Mountain (Star Wars themed!) and Grizzly Gulch Runaway Mine Cars. Ironman is also spectacular. Fireworks that close the park are great. Don't miss! Something for everyone!
So fun! Love having this on our doorstep. Really clean, short queues (mid week anyway, have not braved a weekend). Food like all Disneys is terrible.
One of the main objective of my HK trip is to head there with my GF. Huge locations with various Disney theme places. Lots to buy definitely but the stations are either for kids or a huge disappointment after a long queue. 1 hour was wasted due to the rain but we persevere. Restrooms are not the easiest to locate
This is a fabulous destination that offers something for all ages and fitness levels. The older kids loved the big thrill rides. The time of the year we visited was very hot but the up side was there were very few queues for the rides allowing the kids to ride each ride a few times before moving to the next ride. Loved the atmosphere and the high standards of presentation throughout the park. Highly recommended.
Decided to use the short school break to bring my child here. Stayed at Disneyland hotel which too was a great experience. Beats five star hotels in price and comfort. The park was a great balance of good rides and accessible distances.
This place will definitely brings out the child in you. Its a magical place that can make everyone believe in fairytales. Its a place where anyone will definitely enjoy! Disneyland is the place where everyone can believe that everything is possible. Its the happiest place ineed.However I enjoyed the experience very much on my first visit because the parade on a regular day is full of amazing lights in the evening. But I think when there is an occasion like halloween the parade of all the Disney characters happened in the afternoon and at the night parade is for the villains. Though at least I got try the normal and the halloween themed Disneyland
I went to Disneyland on 29th September. I arrived at the park entrance around 9am and there's no crowd. The first attraction I rode was Star Wars and it's great.
Hong Kong Disneyland is one of the Best 2 and the most expensive Theme Parks in Hong Kong.This Theme Park is maily for the Disney's Characters, like mickey mouse, minie moiuse, donald duck, snow white etc.The entrance fee is expensive (HK$639 for adult) and It takes quite a long time to there from the city districts.
This is the 4th time we visited Hong Kong Disneyland! We love the friendly staff there especially they will help you take photos with the characters there using my phone . The iron man 4D ride is great though we have to queue for 1 hours! But we did expect that as its school summer holiday thereThe food, however is not good after they close down the Mai sum restaurant for yum Cha ... now we have to eat at food court which offer limited choices .. the staff are unfriendly as well in the restaurant
Of the Disneyland Parks throughout the world, this appears to be the smallest!! The rides are all great for all ages. Small world and Miner   s ride were great fun!! Teacups and Dumbo ride was great. Restaurant needs to have    Malt Vinegar    for the fish and chips!!!!!!!
If you've been to the original Disneyland you may be a little disappointed with this one as it is only a quarter of the size. However it still has the quintessential happy Disney vibe about it. Worth a visit as it still puts a smile on your face. Make sure you don't miss the Lion King show. It is brilliantly done with props and big strong voices. If arriving by train, you will love Disney's own carriages, it is a fun way to arrive and kick start your day
Maybe September is not a big month for Disney Hong Kong or maybe it was the weather, but several rides were not open. Our biggest disappointment was that Buzz Lightyear had closed the previous weekend forever. It will be rebranded as part of a new theme being developed in that area. The line at Buzz was always not too long (like Orlando) so we would ride it over and over again. I guess we're stuck with trying to get fast passes in Orlando in the future.The Lion King was very good with some changes improvements from the last time we visited. The only bad part is the wait to get in.Hong Kong Disney size wise is nothing like Orlando so if that is what you are expecting you will be disappointed greatly. It is worth at least one visit (we've been 3 times) just to do something other than go downtown with the crowds. We've never experienced the lines of Orlando so the wait time is much shorter and you can cover all the rides easily in a day. It's just not as  magic  as Orlando and everything is smaller   even the castle. It's a small world ride is as good as Orlando though.
It was nice also the 3D movies where so exciting. The food was great and the night parade with fireworks where awesome.
We had a great day at Disneyland. Only downside was the stifling heat, a breeze would have made this far more bearable. Lines were ok for rides
This really best Disneyland!!! It's good size no line not many people. easy shopping, see parade! You can spend time all day for 1 day!                                                                                    1                                                         5
Spent the day with my 6 yr & 3 yr old. Awesome fun. Very efficient. Very clean. Well maintained. Very safe. Fireworks worth staying for at the end of the day around 8pm. Just very very hot   to be expected   lots of sunblock, hats and water needed.
Disneyland opens at 10:30 but as we have anticipated , gates will be crowded as early as 8 am, so we went early. we were at the gate by 8:30 . This gives us an opportunity t take pictures outside the gate. when we got inside, we first queuep up for photo op with Mickey and Minnie Mouse. Queues take 1 hour.If you have kids with you, be sure to get a trolley. Tip: Foods are not allowed inside. You need to wear comfy shoes and put on sunblock.
A magical place, as all the Disneylands. We have been in Disneyworld Orlando and Shanghai Disneyland before Hongkong, so the size of the iconic castle was a surprise for us   it was so small compared to others. When we visited here, it was Halloween time which was nice. Also, no long queues on Tuesday (september 2017).
This was my fifth visit to the attraction and improvements have been made. I was disappointed that Buzz Lightyear was closed however enjoyed the day anyway. The sight is not that big so can be seen in around 3   4 hours. The Ironman ride was good, the Disney Parade was excellent especially as it was 30 degrees plus heat and the dancers were performing in heavy costumes. Overall a good day out.
Their fireworks show is trully magical!!! (One thing I really enjoyed in HK disneyland). Their attractions and shows are for kids.
If you've been to the Japan Disneyland or the one in the US. you'll be disappointed with this fraction of kids entertainment. The street parade as always is the must watch.
Hot but super fun place for any ages. Get your map just right after u enter the gate, complimentary water is available at some spots, mostly near toilets, avoid crowded of weekend visiting. Lion king show is spectacular, and don't miss Mickey and the Wondrous Book Show. Fireworks in front of princess castle at night.
If you are after a place to take your little kids then this is the place! We went the week before Hong Kong school holidays (26th 27th Sept) and the longest we waited for any ride was about 6 minutes.This time of year is hot.... really really hot and super humid!...BUT! There is a lot of indoor rides that a deliciously air conditioned!You cannot take food or drink in and you WILL be bag searched before entry. Selfie sticks are banned (thank god) but there will be thousands of japanese photographing themselves EVERYWHERE! On the bus, on rides, in toilets every f@ $%ng where! If you are staying at any of the Disney hotels you can rent a stroller pram for your little ones from the hotel for $100HK per day and take it on the shuttle and into the theme park. Although you will not be able to take it on the Disney train because it doesn't fold up.Food is reasonably priced as far as theme parks go and they cater for a very diverse community, so lots of choice!If your kids like ANYTHING Disney from mickey to iron man they will love this place and you for taking them there
This was a nice change in pace during our holiday in Hong Kong. We went through the week and it was lovely and quiet   we didn't queue for any of the attractions . It is so much smaller than any other Disney park but the children who we saw there were having a great time and their faces were a picture when they spotted characters walking around. Food outlets plentiful as were drinks stations and not extortionate prices. A good day for families we would say.
Hot but nice to visit.. crowded is unavoidable.. everything very fresh.. will visit again in other country..
One day is not enough if you have kids and you want to concur the map, atleast 2 days, halal food is easy to get, wifi is all over the park AND PLS DONT FORGET TO REGISTER YOUR EMAIL TO GET HKD10 OFF EVERY PURCHASE, YOU CAN USE IT UNLIMITED ON THE DAY ITSELF!
Went there to celebrate my son's birthday. Weather was hot. When we went inside the toilet i almost fell asleep, air conditioning was heavenly. I suggest avoid month of June, mix of hot and sudden rainy weather.
Best to go in afternoon and into the evening because of the heat parade and fireworks start around 7pmSome of the rides are a bit scary for kids without much commentary before you line up and get on My grandson is 7 and came off the Star Wars ride crying because he found it too scary There is lots to see and do allow at least 5 hours
Have to queue for most of the attractions. Wear comfortable shoes and prepare to queue all day. Food is really expensive and outside food and drinks are not allowed. They do check your bags before you go in. The queue to go in is long but they managed that quite efficiently. Souvenirs are pricey too. Overall, I had fun but had to queue a lot
Located in Lantau Island, Hongkong Disneyland has always been dubbed as one of the most magical places on earth! Yes, it is truly magical as you will be seeing a lot of Disney characters you might have watched (and sometimes, your favorites)   from Princesses, to figure character and more! You will be able to meet your favorite Disney characters, watch live shows and parades, and shop and dine at all themed areas of the Hong Kong Disneyland park! HK Disneyland is accesible both via train, car and buses! Making it always on top of the lists whenever tourist planned going to Hongkong. HK Disneyland yet being so magical, is so HUGE that even (i think) a day pass would not be sufficient enough to pay a visit and enjoy everything it has to offer. They got a lot of attractions, interactive, inviting and most of all exciting.TIPS:1. Book your ticket in advance. Though getting ticket on the day itself would be fine, just to ensure you are able to manage potential hassle, I would highly suggest to book your tickets ahead. They got 1 Day Disney E Ticket ranging from $70.00 to $75.00 and 2 Day Disney E Ticket ranging from $90.00 to $97.00. These are e tickets that can be purchased online. Once redeemed your voucher for your physical ticket, you must enter Disneyland within 3 days. For 2 day tickets, your first entry must be within 3 days, the second within 7 days of the first visit. Child tickets will be sold to children within the age of 3 11.2. Check the weather. There are chances HK is in rainy season, so you might want to prepare your Rain Gears! If the weather is sunny, make sure you have sunscreen protection, sunglassed or umbrella. 3. Water is a must! You need to get a hand on a bottle water as surely you will be having loads of walk!4. HK Disneyland is so big and it is advisable to always refer to the maps provided on the entrance. As Disneyland also provides wi fi, might as well download their app (IOS and Android) for better schedules of attractions. better attraction timings such as meeting disney characters and show times. 5. Between 2:30pm to 3:00pm (Local Time) they are hosting parade of colors which will give you a glimpse of the different disney colors.6. Between 6:00 to 6:30pm (Local Time) you will be able to witness Parade of Lights! I absolutely love this one   very stunning and spectacular.7. I suggest you stay for the entire day as by 7:30pm, you will be able to watch with awe the spectacular fireworks display to cap the day!Enjoy!!!
Disney is my childhood, sooooo i really love this place. The attraction is cool with the theme. There   s a halal food too here, and also a prayer room (musholla) at Explorer Restaurant (Mystic Zone).
Every kid love Disneyland , but this is nothing for kids , not here in Hong Kong. Yes we all know it   s crowded but you just need to line up for everything , just to make a picture with Mickey and Minnie , my wife and me has to line up 3 hours in exchange , my little daughter can   t wait that long by 37 degree in the sun. After 3 hours lining up , lunch time , another 1,5 hour , just to get something to eat.... beside that   s the food was totally over priced ( that   s OK , we knew where we are ) the taste was disgusting. All in all , my 4 years old Baby girl seen Mickey and Minnie for 40 sec after waiting 3 hours , got a mickey Balloon for 25 bucks had seen Goofy passing thru and then at 3 pm we left after in total being there for just 6 hours....All in all an wasted day in Hong Kong....
The park is small and the weather was very unpredictable. The facilities are very mild (since Disney is mostly for kids) and not exciting. Yet the performances were very impressive, especially the Wondrous Book!
As a whole it would be hard to say that Disneyland Hong Kong is the best Disney park of them all. I'm not saying that this park isn't fun, it's just a little bit fractured compared to other Disney parks. The lands while they exist aren't as harmonious as you might find at other parks. The difference at this park is the quality of some of their attractions. Mystic Manor is probably one of the best Disney rides ever built. Grizzly Gulch Mine Train is one of the best roller coasters on any Disney property. Best of all each one of these attractions is surrounded by a well themed land.The new Iron Man attractions are OK, but nothing worth the trip alone. The food at this park is hit or miss, depending on where you eat. This could be a one day visit, or a two day visit if you're really into Disney parks.
A place must visit for all age range people! It is suggest to go for 2 days pass because definitely one day is not enough to see all spectacular disneyland. There are free stroller available for kids. Every park has restaurant and toilet, so no worries. Lot of shades and chairs for old people to sit and relax. The park if full of FUN!
I wasn't sure what to expect as I have not been to any of the Disney parks since I was a small child. On a whim my adult son and I decided to spend a day at Hong Kong Disneyland and we were not disappointed. Because we went last week when most children were in school, we did not have to wait in line for any rides which was great. There are not a ton of rides at this park but what they did have we enjoyed and we were able to do the whole park in one day without rushing around. My particular favorite rides were the Star Wars themed hyper Space Mountain and the Mystic Manor ride.I understand that this is the smallest of the Disney parks and as adult I found it relaxing and fun. I am not 100% sure that older children would be as captivated but this park is really a great size for families with smaller children. With Disney having Marvel & Star Wars rides now  I think that teenagers will be into the Disney parks too and if Disneyland Hong Kong adds more of these type rides they will get the teenagers excited about Disneyland Hong Kong too.Food was decent, the walk in ticket price was good considering I spent the whole day exploring and riding rides. The firework show was quite lovely too. Also I managed to go on the first day of the Halloween themed parades and the Hong Kong Disney Haunted House  Maze of Madness: The Nightmare Experiment Continues. Since I LOVE Halloween this was a bonus surprise. All in all I loved my first experience at a Disney park as an adult.
employees are less friendly,   there is also one store I found there was a package of cakes   candies already open positions.
Quite a small Disneyland and everything is overpriced. Lucky we were there on a very quiet day and there was no line up for anything. Easy to get to on the train but not really worth going out of your way for.
We bought a 2 day pass online for a very reasonable price. Very easy to print pass or access via code through phone. Worth going about half hour before opening time at least once to see opening ceremony and get some pictures with characters on Main Street. We were lucky enough to be visiting during the Tsum Tsum Fun Fair 2017. You pay extra to participate in games where you get and can win exclusive Tsum Tsum. Staff get very excited when people win. It was fun just to have a go. During the 2 days we never waited more than 5 10 minutes for a ride and on most occasions walked straight onto the rides. Fast passes not needed at this time of year. Mystic Manor is a must do. The Lion King Show and Mickey and the magical book were also good. Pin trading is available around the park but didn't observe many people doing so. Halloween activities were also on while we were there. All free. The maze was fun but scary for little people but not in English. Halloween Villain parade was great fun. Watch out for coupons when making purchases in the park. Would happily visit this park again.
A little disappointed for the teenagers. There are not a lot of rides so they were ready to go within hours. On the other hand we also gave a 4yr old and what a day she had. It was such an experience she loved it! If you have been to the US Disneylands this is definitely the poor cousin especially if you have older children. Book your tickets on KLOOK. Make sure to include the restaurant voucher it's worth it with a big group.
The Disneyland Hong Kong is very nice you can spell a good time with children are they have a really big place to enjoy with the children spend a good time with them children to enjoy it because there are various characters on the streets which amazes the children it's a good place for them you can enjoy it too
Was a good time with friends but I would say the kids will have absolute fun here. The most beautiful experience was the parades and fire works. It was awesome never to miss this two especially.
HK Disney was great for us since we had a 2 and 3 year old and it was our first time at any Disney. The small size made it so that it was not overwhelming. The lines were not long at all while we were there. I do wish we had gotten to see more characters and that the shuttle stop was closer and more convenient. It's possibly quicker to walk.
My husband and I have visited all of the Disney parks with the exception of Shanghai. HK Disneyland is small compared to the other parks, but it has lots of surprises that make it a real gem. We visited HK Disneyland on a Wednesday. Compared to the other parks, it felt like we were the only ones there. We walked into almost every ride. We didn't bother with Fast Passes or our resort Priority Passes. Not sure if this is the norm, but it was nice. The park as a whole was very clean (as to be expected) and even in the stifling heat humidity the cast members and parade performers put on an impressive and enthusiastic show.I'm an avid fan of the Haunted Mansion. When I read about Mystic Manor, I was a little disappointed that it would not be the classic experience that I have grown to love. However, MM really blew us away. It was lighthearted and adorable. Albert is so cute. We ended up doing this attraction twice. Space Mountain seemed slower and less impressive than the other parks, but it was still fun. We walked right onto the ride, so that helped.I love Star Wars and was skeptical of the Iron Man Experience existing in place of Star Tours. Again, we walked right onto the ride, but the items they have on display in the queue seem like they would be interesting to examine and would help to pass the time if there were to be a line. The ride was fun and it excited into a ship full of Avengers merch. The Halloween decorations were cute of course. I was very impressed with Toy Story Land. All in all, I'm very glad we used our extended layover to visit HK Disneyland and Resort. It's worth it if you're a Disney fan.
Hong Kong Disneyland is small compered with other Disneyland in other countries, but we still had a great time here. You can find a lot of fun in this themed park. It is great choice for one day trip. You can take MTR to Disneyland. So, it is convenient.
Accesible via train, car and buses! Disneyland is HUGE!! Download their app for better attraction timings such as meeting disney characters and show times. 1 day pass is not enough to cover the entire park! Too many lands to explore! Standy sunscreen, cap, sunglasses, umbrella! Loads of walk too. Recommend you guys to stay till closing when they do their fireworks display at 8pm HK Time. Same day re entry into park allowed. Just keep your tickets and get your hand stamped! The only bad thing is the overpriced water stations! They should have water coolers around too! Standby loads of cash for water and merchandise!! If you missed out on some merchandise, Hong Kong Airport Terminal 1 has a mini Disney Store!
If going to Hong Kong worth a visit as a Disneyland visit never disappoints stay in one of the Disneyland hotels to get the most out of the theme park experience
Will never get tired of HK disneyland. Visited this as a solo traveler last October 2016 and I will be back in Feb 2018 with family to celebrate my nephews first birthday. To those who plan to visit, make sure you know the schedule of the parades and make sure you wait for the fireworks display!!! It is indeed, magical!
New lands with new rides has made this a real Disneyland as 7 years ago it was just a small theme park with some nice shows. Teens loved grizzly gulch and toy story land. The lion king show is a great attraction. Definitely worth the effort to get here from HK island
Purchase your ticket beforehand. The queues to enter are long, but the queue for tickets is SUPER long. Not many great rides, very kiddish. Suitable for 8 and below. The best ride was Hyperspace Mountain. Book your fast pass time immediately  there are only 3 rides available for fast pass. Download the mobile app   it will tell you the queue times for each ride and all the show times. Don't miss the parade at night, and the fireworks  quite spectacular. Super super a lot of ppl, and super hot!
This is my very first disney experience, and it is really a WOW. HK disneyland is already 12 years old, but the place doesn't look old. You will see the hard work of the cast staff, to make you feel happy.       I recommend you guys to buy tickets using the Klook App, they really give out awesome discounts.
A year ago we were given the chance to visit this wonderful place for everyone . Hongkong Disneyland is the most accessible Disney place we can ever visit since from The Philippines it is just 2 hours away and we were given the opportunity to travel with friends and new found friends . It was a nice place for kids and kids at heart. We might go back and bring along our children so we can enjoy the moment with them . Money is an issue but if you really want to experience this kind of adventure might as well start saving from now so you would be able to reach a goal of fulfillment . What are you waiting for . Lets visit Hongkong Disneyland and feel like a child again for just a day or two .
Great theme park, children fun, overcrowded, you queue for ages on most attractions..Disney prices are not for the faint hearted!
HK Disneyland is very accessible from downtown via MTR. Try to buy the entry tickets online via authorised travel company and you can enjoy some discounts. You can also skip the long ticketing queue. Disney experience will require a full day. As i have made my visit twice to HK Disney on different occasions, my advice is try to come during the cool winter season. Under 34deg weather, you will easily go  punctured  by afternoon. Do arrive at the time of opening if you want to maximise your coverage of rides and shows. Some form of strategy is required. Bring your water bottle and keep yourself hydrated. Water points are available at every washroom area. Food and beverages are rather pricey.
You can't go wrong with Disneyland! We had a great time here. It's smaller than other locations we've visited, but we still had a lot of fun. It's a great one day trip. Train stop begins and departs a short walking distance from the entrance. It wasn't overly crowded and we never had to wait long for any of the rides. Food was excellent for a theme park! Parade was fun, but too long to stand in the hot sun and heat. Hong Kong is very hot and humid. Our tour guide on the Jungle River Cruise was hilarious and made the ride fun. Our favorite ride was the Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars. Some restaurants and rides were closed, but it didn't spoil our fun.
Disneyland Hong Kong is nice to visit with family and kids but doesn't have enough attractions to fill an entire day. Also, there's really nothing for thrillseekers. Even the Grizzly rollercoaster isn't really thrilling. Disney Hong Kong desperately needs some topattractions (Tower of Terror, Rock 'n Rollercoaster,...) The park misses the real  magic Disney feel  because of the lack of enough Disney (movie)themed rides. So no Cinderella, Snowwhite etc.Because of all this I find the ticketprice too high!On the other hand the park is really clean, the personnel are very friendly and the food is good!
This is my second visit to Disneyland park. My last visit was 5 years ago. Both times I went 2 days to the park in the same trip and on weekdays so that it is not that crowded. Found that this time round, the place was no longer that exciting nor many things to do even though they have added in 1 new area. The toy story land was not as interesting as the one I went in Tokyo. Also the were not many rides though it was a new section. Disney service staff was also not as friendly as previously. It is better to go elsewhere but if you have kids of 3 4 years, perhaps this park is still suitable for them.
The only other Disneyland I have been to is in LA, and the one on Hong Kong Island disappoints by comparison. It is quite small and the rides are quite old. it was more geared for very young kids rather than tweens. There is certainly nothing wrong with that however it is very hot walking around there in June and they were not all that many rides for adults which was a little disappointing
It is although a small Disneyland given the size of US & Paris Disneyland, but it is still a gem of a place.You are transported to your childhood and you certainly enjoy that.Disney Parks is an experience and you certainly get that in HK Disneyland. Some of the amazing things which we saw were in the limited time we had: All the shows are just amazing, missing the shows will be a crime if you are visiting Disneyland as Rides are good but nothing compared to Ocean Park.So, disneyland visit should be enjoyed as an experience because the shows are amazing including Lion king show, Minnie magic, Daily parade etc etc. All are just amazing.Although it is not that the rides are just not enjoyable, some rides are breadth of fresh air just like Iron Man experience, Star wars ride and many other also.If you have not visited any other Disneypark then you definitely will not be disappointed.One day is good to explore the complete place.Enjoy the trip!
If you every been to or intend to visit Japan Disney, I say can give this a miss! Not only the services are bad, the food, the rides and even the crowd here are terrible. I have nothing against China Tourists, but it looks like they behave extremely badly in theme parks, especially when the staff don't give a s* too. I was pushed, queue cut, spitted beside and even saw some smoking in toilet. People aside, only kids may not noticed the rides are not as good, it seems small and does not have the  magical feel .However, I find the meal at Enchanted Garden Resturant (we stayed here) though expensive but was enjoyable.
First thing first, you need to have the flyers on the Disneyland before you go for tour in the park. Every sites has its own shows or attractions that not to be missed. You need to study the schedule listed so you will not missed the excitements. If you are looking for a halal food, there's an indicator in the flyer for the halal restaurants and kiosk.There's also a prayer room for you to perform your solah located at the back of the restaurant they even has ablution area in the room. Please be there from morning and wait until the finale of the night i.e. the parade and the fireworks. Disneyland has added a number of new attractions in the park.You can go there by MTR as it is already connected right to Disneyland.
first of all, it's not as small as everyone is saying. it is huge and worth the visit! most of the rides designed for families of all ages to try and the other ones they allow kids if accompanied by parents.the shows are amazing .happy happy vibes must visit!
Reach early to enjoy the fulfilled disneyland hongkong. Full day of entertainment with parade's & fire works & lot more. Photos with disney cartoon characters.
Grew up dreaming to be a disney princess. Been here for 3 times already, plan your day. Prioritize the rides and shows that you want to experience. And again, food prices!!!!!! Had 1 sandwich for the whole day!! I know such a cheapskate. Well! If you have kids,read this somewhere, buy disney merch outside and give it to your kids during your visit. They'll never know :)
I had  a fantastic day. There were no long lines I had a fun day  .the ride were more  for young people. But I still would  recommend it
Having been to Disneyworld in Orlando the HK Disneyland was bound to disappoint. Its a great outing for kids. For adults its a bit boring . it's very busy and very hot. The fireworks every night at Disney I can see from my home in Discovery Bay.
had so much fun at disneyland hk,,,, i love the grizzly gulch and buzz lightyear ride!will back soon with my children
This is one of the smallest Disneyland's however it was still quite expensive for a one day visit. We went mid week to avoid the weekend crowds however it was still very busy. The queues for the rides were long with an average wait of about 30 minutes. I would recommend going when it just opens and doing the popular rides first as the queues will be shorter then.
We had a spare day recently in HK and decided to go to Disneyland for the day (half a day). No kids as they are all grown up...however we did take them here when it first opened. We had so much fun and laughed like kids ourselves. Very hot in August so take an umbrella for sun protection. There is not a lot of protection when walking around. Not quite like the American Disneyland's but still a lot of fun
Hong Kong Disneyland may be small but it doesn't lack the picks and punches the thrills and the rides of it's more gigantic counterparts in Los Angeles Tokyo or Paris!They are an all service packed in fun filled theme park with the wonderful shows and rides Good for a full day of fun with the family
Visited this Disney land when it first originally open and again when I returned to Hong Kong. Really lovely themes but it was small compared to other Disney theme parks. Also very small compared to Ocean Park which is the better of the two in Hong Kong.
You are never too old for Disneyland, and we had a blast here! The rides were awesome! Especially the Star Wars ride. We walked through the different lands and went on all of the rides we could. An awesome day! One exhibit was closed, but one out of everything was fine!
Our time at Disney was memorable there's lots of queues but they are moving. The R1000 entry ticket was worth it even though it's their lunch at the restaurant is a bit pricey. The souvenir shops are reasonable although selling similar things.
I bought my 4 grand children here and my daughters and soninlaw had the most fun a small Disneyland but had everything packed into it with the fireworks and street parade a wow factor.
My daughter and I loved this place. We went on so many rides and had such a fantastic day. It's a little older, but that just means the crowds are smaller. Everything is so easy to get to and the new Star Wars and Iron Man rides exhibits were brilliant. We loved our day here so much.
I visited on a Friday in September with limited time left in my itinerary. I expected crowds and a lot of waiting. Well I was so wrong! Judging from other reviews, September must be an ideal time to visit. We literally walked onto every ride in the park with little to no waiting. Whilst there are not a huge number of rides in this park, it was the ideal amount for us to be able to feel like we were easily able to do everything that we wanted to without any stress and still make our flight out. I would strongly advise using the MTR system to get to Disneyland. It is quick and cost effective. A big plus is the Disney train line! We made the mistake of catching a taxi to Disneyland where it cost us 10x the amount and we got caught in heavy traffic. The MTR was a lot less stressful.The 3:30 parade was a lot of fun, even for adults! Mystic Manor was my favourite ride of the day.The downside was that a number of restaurants and 2 rides were closed and I think it would have been even more fun with children!
We weren't sure whether to go but we're glad we did. It was quite quiet since HK kids had gone back to school so there was mainly little children who weren't wanting to do the rides we wanted to!!!! Lovely to see Mickey & Minnie open the park. Did nearly every ride we wanted to. Only thing to watch for is due to it being quiet a lot of the eateries were closed. So had to eat where was open. Evening parade was cancelled due to rain. Having said that we had a great day full of fun & laughter.
From Tsim Sha Tsui, we took MTR (Tsuen Wan Line) until Lai King, 9th stop. Changed train, took Tung Chung Line until Sunny Bay, 2nd stop. Transferred to 3rd train, pink one, and viola...Disneyland! Of course the train was almost full. But no worry, there is one every 5 minutes. We went on a saturday, and just from the train, I was sure that thousands would be enjoying the resort that day. We bought food before entering the gates, @70HKD each meal. Yummy! Just along the road getting inside. Lined up for inspection, and take note you're not allowed to bring meals, only snack is allowed inside. Starting from Moby Dick, picture taking starts. As soon as you enter the gates, you are greeted by Mickey Mouse on the lawn! No phone sticks are allowed! Start with Tomorrowland, then Adventure land, Toy Story, etc etc...One whole day is not enough. You go there with battery full, and end up with battery empty. At 7pm, the Paint the Night Parade will really awaken all energy hiding inside of you coupled with the Fireworks. You line up for another 3 train rides telling yourself that you need to go back the next year!
My family and I went to HK Disneyland to celebrate our mom's birthday in advance last thursday, Sept.08, 2017 (though her bday is on sept.15       ). We're all excited coz its our first Disneyland experience and the place was really magical and amazing It caters to all ages! We enjoyed the Ironman experience, Big grizzly mountain runaway mine car, and Hyper space mountain! Also, its a must see the spectacular show of the Festival of the Lion King and Mickey and the Wondrous Book We also recommend the happiest cruise that ever sailed, the Its a Small World as kids will definitely will enjoy it Magical world of Disney exceeded our expectation as not only will kids will love it but also the people like us who's always a kid at heart        We ended our day as we saw the highlights of our Disney experience with spectacular and magical fireworks!! We will try the Tokyo Disneyland on our next family adventure soon
I wasn't sure I wanted to go to Disney in Hong Kong as there's so much to do and there wasn't as many rides as some of the other parks. My boyfriend wanted to go and I'm so glad we did. This is one of the best Disneys I've been to. I'm not sure if it was the time of year (we went in June   and on a weekday) but the park wasn't that busy. We waited 25 mins max for probably 2 rides. The Big Grizzly Mountain mine car ride was brilliant, the queue was actually so short we were able to get off the ride and walk round to ride again and be almost straight on. We did the same with Space Mountain. We bought a ticket which included a meal at a restaurant, this was a good value and the food wasn't bad. Getting here is so simple. Take the metro to Tsing Yi and change at Sunny Bay. From here you can catch the Disney train. It took us about an hour to get there from Tin Hau, and for about   5 each way.Such a worthwhile day out if you're visiting Hong Kong
Highly recommended attraction in Hong Kong. It's the smallest of the Disney castle parks but it's worth a visit. Loved the exclusive attractions big grizzly mountain, mystic manor and the walk trough attraction (Marvel themed in summer 2017). Also if you have never been to California ride this version of space mountain. Without kids the park cans be seen and finished in 4 5 hours, just arrive early and most of the attractions will be walk on (visited end of August). Food portions were good but their snacks are not near as good interesting as Tokyo Disney resort.
This was the only reason we went to Hong Kong this time And it was well worth the trip. Growing up watching all the Disney movies and characters, one definitely experiences a different high when in Disneyland. From the different rides and attractions to the parades to the final feature of the night which embarrassingly brought tears of happiness to my eyes, one definitely needs to visit this happiest place in Hong Kong
Hong Kong is incomplete without visiting Disneyland, this is one of the best Disneyland I have been to, I enjoyed every moment of it. Everyone should go and enjoy the experience, out of everything I did in Hong Kong, I had the most fun over here.
The Hong Kong Disneyland is small comparing to the other Disney Parks in the world but it is very beautiful and full of magic. Some of the rides are the same as in other Disneylands the other rides are completely different and unique. We really enjoyed Big Grizzly Mountain Runway Mine Cars and The Mystic Manor.We had a absolutely magical day in the Park
Loved the place. Visited with my kids aged 13 and 10. Spent 2 whole days at the place. Better if  you stay at hotel on the premises.  Be prepared with lots of water and umbrellas.
Perfect for little people, our daughter is 4.5years.We went during school holidays, was really busy, but worth it. Was a super hot day so the umbrella we took was well used. Queue times for photos were lengthy (we waited 1hr20mins for minnie and mickey) as the day goes by. You can hire kids strollers. Pick this up as soon as you can. The heat and all the walking is hard on little people. Wish we had bought iceblocks earlier in the day!!!Enjoy
We spent 5 days in HK and the main reason for our trip for for us, finally to show our children Disney.As a former WDW cast member I have a soft spot for our famous mouse and in light of the fact that I met my wife while working for Disney Cruise Line it is often a very emotional visits to any Disney properties.Getting there is a breeze   use the subway we took 3 lines to get there and it took 30 mins   get to Sunny Bay and then you are transported onto Disney's very own rail system and they transport you to a lovely Disney styled train stop.First and foremost Disney do what they do very well, they have a level of guest engagement that all other parks strive for and that is exactly the case here in HKFrom the very moment you enter the park you come into contact with Cast Members who love what they do and that reflects in the level of service that you receive.The park is divided into 5 zones and if anyone has visited a park in FL for example they will be instantly familiar with the geography.Main St gives you a view of the Castle and an amazing backdrop of the mountains in the background.Adventure land, just like in FL give you the old west and the run away mine carts.A point of note, if you have kids and they would like to take part in Jedi Academy   make a point of going to tomorrow land first as this tends to book up fast.The majority of the FNB is centered around the local demographic and that being said I found it great to try something other that burgers and fries, which does tend to wear thin theses days.Parades   Disney do them so well the first starts @ 1530 and the night parade starts @ 1930   loved them.We chose to take a 2 pass and loved every minute of it.Great day out..
We went there a day before Christmas (so this is a late review) anticipating that the park would be full but we didn't expect that much people. Long lines for all the nice rides awaited us. Even to get a picture with the characters entailed a 30 min wait minimum. To get a lunch table, you had to dash to one when a table frees up so that you will not lose the table to another hungry group. Even then, we had fun. The weather was nice, no rains and not too cold. As we had a toddler with us, we spent a lot of time on the not so popular rides (or as my cousin would call them, wimpy rides, lol) and my daughter had so much fun. :) You can see the wonder in her eyes when she saw characters big and up close. We got fast passes for some of the rides and just waited them out sitting on some benches at the park. This is probably my third visit to this park and the first one with my daughter and husband with me. We enjoyed the shows especially the Golden Mickey show (the one with the 4D) and the Lion King. :) A not to miss attraction when you visit Hongkong, but maybe go at a non peak season so you can maximize the cost of your ticket.
Disneyland Hong Kong is for everyone, children and adult! We spent about 4 hours in the park. Hot weather, crowded everywhere but we still enjoy ourselves even though we didn't stay until the firework at 8pm. Nevertheless, we had a nice time in Disneyland in our Hong Kong holiday.
Though the weather wasn't was in our favour the ides and environment was breathtaking. When the Thunderstorm warning was on the outdoor rides were stopped. But the indoor rides and shows were on, which was good.
This is a great park for under 10s. This was our second visit, and we had two days here. First day was realised it just got busier and busier, even around 5pm people were flooding in when we expected it would start to thin out. Day two, we had a plan. Arrive before 10:30 opening time and hit Fantasyland first. Also, for the 3:30pm parade we were towards the entrance end of Main Street and they stop for a big dance and music routine. I think I enjoyed it more than the kids!!!
This was the first time we had ever visited any sort of Disneyland before and we werent really impressed. Some of the rides were broken down, the lines were miles long and there was no shade or shelter any where away from the heat and sun. There was also no place to buy any Western food.
This was our second visit in Disneyland HK. The Park has improved a lot since then. All the Avengers attraction are quite interesting at least for our sons age 10 and 6. The best time for visiting is morning 10 13. Lately it is overcrowded and average waiting time for each attraction is 30 60 min.
There was a typhoon when we visited HK Disneyland last June, and the outdoor rides weren't open. So I only got to enjoy the indoor rides, but then they closed early. And yet, they gave us a free complimentary HK DIsneyland ticket. I went the next day, and the outdoor rides were open already. I suggest to go on a Weekday instead.
Disneyland Hong Kong is a magical place to be specially for the youngster, they do have rides are amazing parade during the afternoon and off course the fire works. Few things to note it is on the prices side to visit and the food inside Disneyland is expensive. Only disappointment was after taking so many picture and we went to the photography section to get our photos printed and the staff was not very helpful at all...they made me go to 3 different counters and the staff where either lost or not willing to attend. Very sad that I had to leave the place without taking any picture taken by the team at Disney.
well, it's Disneyland so the prices of things food in there is expected.the rides are not too bad. some rides are very detailed and nice. unfortunately the weather was not too good when we went, so some rides were closed.food on the other hand, was horrible. didn't taste good and was expensive.the merchandise was average but price was on the high side. eventually we still purchased some items as it is from  Disneyland .Didn't manage to take any photos with the characters as they controlled the number. wanted to join the queue but they said it was closed. was kinda disappointed.couldn't complain much as it was my 1st trip to Disneyland.I would say it was a nice trip there overall, but I guess that was cause we went there on a weekday where it wasn't that crowded. I heard the crowd in weekends was crazy.
My first time to a Disneyland so I cannot compare it to the other ones. They have several themed areas for every childs needs. Tomorrowland is where we spent most of the time. They have several interesting attractions. A day is in my opinion enough. The souvenir shops with overpriced items but hey, it is Disneyland. No surprise. But this is a must for families visiting HK. Enjoy it.
All the old rides nothing new and a charge very high. Food is very bad, staff working there are very rude and very bad behavior they think they are the boss all the rides are normal and lot of people.
 We went on a Sunday. The average waiting time for each ride is about 5 10 minutes. The queue for photography with the Disney characters can be up to an hour long. Most rides are suitable for children.  The fireworks show at 8.30pm is spectacular and a must do activity. You can get a stamp on your arm and return to Disneyland after dinner or a short rest.  A meal at Disneyland will cost about HKD 100. A drink or snack will cost about HKD 30. I strongly recommend all visitors to download the disneyland app so as to check on waiting time at rides and to navigate your way in and around the place.
great place. though the food are a little expensive. if you go here, i recommend you to stay until the fireworks.
A must visit for Disney fans. For those who expect a lot of rides and a big park sorry. But HK Disneyland is just the right size to spend a day. When we went, it wasn't crazy crowded and did get on most rides , longest wait was 40min. Definitely a must do sctivity
Its a nice place, beautiful scenery and landscape. We bought the tickets online with meals (lunch and dinner). There is halal option which is gd, the portions really makes us full. We love the shows, its really entertaining. This is our 2nd trip to Hong kong disneyland. Everthing is fine, understand the long queue for photo taking with characters. Overall a wonderful experience and a must visit.
Good range of rides for all ages, only 2 real adult rides but still fun. Park is relatively small so easy enough to maximise in one day and highly recommend going when it's forecast to be cloudy or rain, it's usually sporadic and generally no queues. Recommend getting a meal voucher from Klook which is easy to use and reasonable value. You can bring your own bottle of water and refill at the park. Make the most of fastpass at the hyperspace mountain.
Was a fun trip with friends! Must watch the shows as they're wonderful! Park is small comparing to other Disney Parks, but you will find loads of fun during your visit! One full day is good enough if you're a first timer! You may download their app for easier planning!
Very good place for family. But alittle hot. So umbrella needed. The food is great but pricy. Recommend to go on week day so the people are not so crowd. Easy to travel to by mte sunnybay station
We were 2 adults. Better to buy online the ticket to jump the queue at the box office. I think that one complete day is enough to visit the park and try almost all the attraction.
Very good theme park. Ideal for the whole family. Very convenient transportation wise and very systematic. Though food inside the park is not really good and expensive. Kids will definitely enjoy the rides and the shows.
This is one small crowded Disneyland and to be honest, the tourists that frequent this place aren't the most considerate. Definitely my least favourite Disneyland.
We visit Disney everytime we go to HKG. They always have something new every 2 3 years making each visit exciting.  For first timers i recommend 2 day pass to fully enjoy the park.
You must have their ice creams. They're the best! There is a special train that goes to Disneyland. If you're a Disney fan or not, this is a must visit.
We had a great day at disney hong kong . It is spacious but not crowded with rides and stages. The main street in California and the sleeping beauty castle is always busy in California but in Hong king it is only busy during the parade whichis also not as the California parade but still nice to see it . Rides has long queues but anuway worth waiting as disney rides are really great.kids enjoyed the stage live shows .the festival of lion king and mickey wonderous story book was both amazing and really the airconditined stages are teally great in the hot weather. The electric parade and fire works were nice . Shops have different stuff than California disney land .Meet and greet characters are not the same everyday and hardly you can find disney princesses.mickey and minnie are there almost all the time. It is great to visit hongkong disney park but donr put it in comparison with disneyland or WDW.
Kids loved it. Just the place to unwing and have some god family time. Would love to be back but in better weather
We were lucky! The day we went to disneyland, the typhoon Beaufort force 8 signal was just reduced to a 3. So not many people were in Disneyland. All ride ques were less than 5 minutes wait! We got to enjoy all the rides indoors and some outdoors (when the typhoon force reduced to 1). The park still opens despite rain. Magical experience. Felt happy. The environment was friendly. Many staff around to guide you. Good attractions. Plenty food options around. Delicious food. If it is raining, just go around in a raincoat!
Excellent place for all age groups, we enjoyed most of the rides and shows, visited with my children and parents, how day was passed we didn't  realize. Willing to visit Disneyland again...
The visit to Disneyland was the visit that was ruined by bad weather. Even though it was raining, we still went for the sake of our granddaughter. Most rides and shows were open. We enjoyed the Lion King show and lined up for photo ops with Mickey and Minnie and Donald and Daisy, ride the carousel, went inside Small World , ate at Plaza Inn and shopped for souvenirs. Too bad, the parade was cancelled due to bad weather. It would have been the highlight of our granddaughter's visit.
We managed to get great weather and enjoyed 6 great hours of Disney fun. The park has the traditional Disney atmosphere with lots of activities and stores to keep you busy. Activities for all ages from kids to teenagers   then again which adult doesn't turn into a kid when they see Mickey Mouse. You'll need stamina to walk and if it's a busy day, you'll need patience to wait in the lines. There are no traditional fast passes, look around as each popular ride has a unique fast pass method through vending machines. The food options are basic and can get very very busy at meal times. We waited for 30 mins at one location for a table and then ended up moving to another area of the park just to get a bite.
We arrived at opening time and the line was long but orderly. We had a great time as a family in the park, I would expect this being Disney. All staff we encountered we friendly and helpful. The place wasn't really crowded on the day we went as we went mis week. The food was OK but a lot of the carts weren't opened so we had to walk around looking for snacks.
We loved the whole experience and the kids were over the moon to meet most of the characters. Quite full so go prepared for long waits but totally worth it. Stay till after 7 pm to see the night parade and at 9 for the fireworks show
It was my second time here, but this time it was as a parent bring over my 2 year old.It was awesome. Seeing my daughter react to the characters and the shows made the entire trip worth it. Expect a lot of walking. Bring extra shirtS and water. Make use of the line passes that allow you to be in line without having to stand.If you must bring a baby stroller, pack 2 bags. One with your valuables and the other with non essentials. All rides and shows will require you to leave the cart outside, in a baby cart parking lot. Having separate bags will allow you to easily leave the other with the cart outside without having to sort out your things. All in all an awesome day. Was quite tired afterwards but we all had a ton of fun.
Having been to Florida and California Disney World land this is smaller and lacks the memorabilia that the USA ones have on show and around the park, rides are the same, parade was great and the park is very well kept. Pricey for food and drink but so is every Disneyland, less shops and restaurants but enough for its size. Rides pretty much the same but lines not as long as USA. Transport to here via MTR and cab was very easy. Fireworks over the castle were awesome we would come back with our family
We live in Florida and have been frequent visitors of Disney World there, originally with children and now with grandchildren. We were a little skeptical about the experience we would have at the smaller Disneyland Hong Kong, when we visited it last week, but we were most pleasantly surprised how they have been able to replicate the engaging  Magic  on somewhat smaller but equally entertaining scale.
I came here expecting it to be rammed with people and even though there were a lot the park seemed to cope pretty well with the mass volume of visitors. We caught the MTR to Sunny Bay and then caught the train   this was quite magical as a Disney themed train takes you to the theme park. Trains were very frequent so no waiting around . Queues were not too bad I think the longest was 35 mins which is acceptable in summer holidays . With the busier rides we used a fast track ticket (note there is no extra cost!!) and returned in the given time slot . After 5pm the crowds eased off and rides were easy to get on. Park is very easy to manoeuvre around   not too far to walk from one area to another. All very child friendly the staff very good and helpful   lots speaking very good English too. Top attraction for me was Hyperspace mountain   the children loved the Buzz Light year ride. Also enjoyed the Mystic mansion   great animation here. Watched the Lion King show   wow fantastic my daughter absolutely loved this . We stayed to watch the Night Parade   this was incredible ! Very pretty to see the floats all illuminated . Great Iron man ride if you don't get motion sickness   there was no queue here we went straight on . Food   you can't take your own food in and they do check your bags at the gate. Park food is expensive that is the downside   be prepared to part with money to buy the Disney brand . There are lots of outlets to eat from   food is  ok  standard . If you are feeling flush I can highly recommend a Disney themed ice cream   they were delicious but $45 a go ! So remember when its busy you can scan you entrance ticket in the fast track machine by the popular rides to get a slot time to return with no queue   there is a list of rides that have this feature on their web site. Great day out at Disney and they give you a nice fireworks display to close off your evening !
This is no where comparable to one is US. Spend more and go to Florida instead, which is much more bigger than this place and many more rides...
We insisted on reaching the place even when it was occasionally physicalThe train ride was an experience in itself. The train with Mickey Mouse characters and my girl was all excited (me too)The park is stunning, invested, the film screened dazzling with smells, wonderful that make the experience extraordinary. All the facilities are great, Winnie the Pooh, the teacups, the parachute, the roller coaster, the restaurants are good.We spent a whole day in Disney Park and I would stay longer.Absolutely stunning and worth every minute
I am so impressed to see Disney Character, I could hardly believe that at my age, I have given the chance to meet & greet Mickey mouse & Disney princesses. Lots of stuff to buy & you'll be amazed of fireworks shows at the night.
He is counting the days till next years visit. We stayed in the Disneyland Hotel Kingdom Club and had visits from mickey and mini mouse. He loved the pool and waterslide as well as the maze. Food in Chinese restaurant good but other food was dissappointing in poolside. Club was good for breakfast but limited after that. Staff polite and well trained room ok was priced highet than 5 star top hotels....not sure it was any better than the Hollywood where we stayed last year.
Was quite disappointed with the park and should have done some research. We were mostly disappointed about the small size of the park and lack of rides compared to its North American and even EuroDisney counterparts. It's quite far from HK but easy to get to by MTR although you will need to transfer a couple of time. It doesn't need more than 1 day to get through it. We bought 2 day tickets but actually did not regret it as the heat in August is oppressive and we could only stay for a few hours at a time. Favourite rides were the Grizzly Gulch train and Mystic Manor (as it was air conditioned). Hyperspace mountain was OK   Star Wars themed now but pretty tame coaster compared to the updated Space Mountains in other parks. Meet and greet with the Star Wars characters was also a highlight though. On the 2nd day, it rained a little and all the outdoor rides closed. Also all the food vendors shut down as well. Can't imagine what we would have done if we bought the food voucher. If you've been to other Disney parks, prepare to be disappointed. If this is your first time to Disney, you get a taste of what the original is like so you will likely have much more fun.
Was left a little disappointed with HK Disneyland. Much smaller than I had anticipated and with few attractions that I have come to expect from Disney resorts.Positives:Easy to get toIron Man ride Negatives:Small compared to other theme parksLack of choice of foodNothing for older Disney fansI wouldn't go again, however, if you have a young family, the magic of Disney may not be lost for children visiting a Disney resort for the first time.
We are group of 6 girls. In short: the weather was too hot, a lot of people, long Q for each game (around 1 hour), food also expensive if you don't book in advance.I like the fireworks show and crazy rides. Tip: Bring your umbrella or big hat. Bring a book or whatever to entertain yourself while queuing. Bring small bag if you plan to play the crazy rides.
It is smaller than Tokyo Disneyland, but getting a 2 day pass is still a must. Everything about Hongkong Disneyland was fun for our family. The staff were nice (they can speak english relatively fluently), the rides were fun, the shows and parades were great and the food was superb.The only cons about Hong Kong Disneyland is the price (but typical of any theme park).Tips:1. GET A 2 DAY PASS (so you can see all the shows and try out all the rides).2. Be there at rope drop (10:30am) in order to enjoy the entire day in HK Disneyland (the staff and photographers are happier and more energetic in the morning).3. Tell your kids to get stickers from ANY ALL staff member s early in the day (by late afternoon, they run out of stickers).4. If you will get the photopass, don't forget to ask the staff with cameras that are roaming around to take your picture (the day pass is worth it if you maximize the roaming photographers). And don't forget to have the staff at each ride (where your photos are taken. I.e. Hyperspace mountain) scan your photopass card to save your photo.5. AVOID the souvenir shops (unless you really want to buy a souvenir or two), these will take a lot of your time especially if you are with kids.6. Check out klook.com and the hk disneyland website for promo day passes and 2 in 1 or 3 in 1 meal coupons (these coupons are cheaper compared to buying food ala carte). Compare the prices on the websites before purchasing.7. Plan your day ahead. Look at the map and schedules available on the HK disneyland app or website.8. Try to watch both the afternoon parade and the night parade (around 8pm).9. ENJOY YOUR DAY!P.S. the staff strickly enforce the  no outside food policy . But they are lenient with water bottles and baby formula. Bring a water bottle or two (Bottled water is expensive inside the theme park. There are drinking fountains around the theme park and HK tap water is potable, but you can taste the chlorine.)
My family and I had a long layover in Hong Kong en route back to the US from the Philippines, so my eight year old asked if we could visit Disneyland.As others have said, the park is VERY small. We walked around the whole thing in a matter of a couple hours. The rides aren't the greatest, but there are some fun ones to hit, especially Mystic Manor! The Tarzan area was closed when we visited, so sadly we did not get to explore that. The gardens were super cute though and my daughter loved the green army men ride in Toy Story Land!
It was our first visit to Disneyland and it was simply magical. We enjoyed taking pictures with the various Disney characters. The rides are good for small kids but not good enough for accompanying adults. But my 5 yr old loved every bit of it. It is almost 3 months now that we are back and my daughter still longs to go back to Disneyland!!
We had a wonderful time. Our visit was in late June through the first week of July. The crowds were only an issue in the evening waiting for the parade, but that's to be expected.
Though nowhere near the same size as Disneyland in Anaheim this Disneyland is well worth a visit. Very clean, organised, well signposted, most of the rides were the same my only criticism would be there are not enough places to sit down particularly considering the oppressive heat and humidity.
You already know what to expect from this theme park. I highly recommend to try the newest attraction   Iron Man. It is 4D experience. If you have kids with you, a 2 day itinerary is highly recommended especially during summer as it's really hot. You also need 2 hours to line up for a mickey and minnie picture. It's best to visit this during the cold season.
Travellers... use sunblock, hat and sunglasses. Take pics with you fav disney characters. And play the attractions. Download HK Disneyland apps. It will inform you waiting time for every each attraction. It helps!! And dont forget to buy disney merchandise at main street. And the most important thing is to have fun with your family or friends.
Its really nice play ground for all if us. You can meet lot of Disney characters.The train rides getting to Disney were fun.
As a silver pass holder, I enjoy come about 5 6pm with friend and stay still closed. Avoid to bring heavy stuffs and pay $100 locker rental. Eat before going in. Shop souvenirs first and check for bargain deal. Send what you bought to the front gate concerige but I haven't used this service. Go into early morning but skip first 30mins avoid long Q. Love Disneyland always.
Return visit. Smaller than Paris one but ok for a day. Went on a weekend but longest we queued was 30 mins and we also made use of free fast pass for 2 rides. The parades were great and viewing easy if there 15 20 mins early. Free water fountains by toilet areas but we bought bottled, about 12 70ml over the day (4 of us sharing) as sooooo humid and hot. Not great for adrenaline junkies as only 2 3 big rides but out 11&13 yr olds still enjoyed. Queued to meet one princess but Donne there early as only out in the heat for about 15 mins at a time. Not supposed to take food in but we took fruit and was searched and ok'd. With a fast good lunch of fish and chips   40 ish plus Micky waffles   5 each (big) and water throughout day we spent approx   90 but that's so much cheaper than the Paris one. Disney does it well and we had s great but very hot day. Didn't stay for fireworks as too tired. Travelled from city on metro and used a day ticket for approx   6 per adult. 45mins hotel to park!
Brilliant, from setting off from Causeway Bay to arriving at Disneyland. Last part of journey was on the Disney train.Not as busy as Florida's Disneyworld so more chance of going on all the rides when you want to.Has a lot of the razzamataz of Disneyworld.We have visited on two occasions, and enjoyed both equally. Try it, you won't be disappointed.
The train rides getting to Disney were fun. I spent most of my time at the Star Wars area. Well....because it's Star Wars duh! Went there with my brother and kid. Surprisingly my little boy enjoyed the Elsa meet and greet. Food and merchandise are madly expensive though.
After having visited Shanghai Disneyland a few days prior (it was just  meh ), Hong Kong Disneyland was a welcome respite! Lines were short, fast passes were readily available (though unnecessary), facilities (Park and Explorer's Lodge Hotel) were immaculate, and Cast Members exuded the Disney magic! Our longest wait time of the day was 20 minutes for RC Racer. We did Hyper Space Mountain, Iron Man, Mystic Manor, and Grizzly Gulch multiple times. We Fastpassed Winnie the Pooh, just for the sake of doing a Fastpass, but it really wasn't necessary as the hotel had given us 6 priority access passes. We only used 4 of the priority passes throughout the day. Lines were orderly and the Park was very clean. The food offerings at the Park were quite good too! We tried for the Mango Dole Whip at Jessie's Snack Roundup, but they didn't seem to carry it any longer. Instead we had the pineapple smoothie with ice cream and a churro on the side. Both were very good! We ate at the Starliner Diner for lunch, it's typical Disney quick service.We took a cab from HKG to Explorer's Lodge, but took the MTR back into the city after our Disney visit. The cab was around 145 HKD, while the MTR to the city was around 60 HKD (2 adults and one child).Like most Disney Parks (except Shanghai Disney), we were truly sad to leave Hong Kong Disneyland, and hope to be back soon!
Its really really nice play ground for all if us. Me my sisters my brother in law my Mom n my niece. We are having a great time 2 play there. The staff ia so humble n nice with us. Many cool atraction 2 c,can wait 2 back there
Definitely smaller than the one in Paris, the Hong Kong Disneyland also offers what the other Disneyland parks offers to its guests. Rides, shows, meet and greet session with Disney characters, a parade of Disney stars, and an impressive fire works display to cap off the day just to name a few. Just like the Hong Kong Ocean Park, I personally wish that the shows were done in English rather than Cantonese. Visitors of this place should prepare for long queues so if its a sunny day make sure that you also bring an umbrella with you aside from wearing comfortable shoes. It can also get quite hot in Hong Kong so also bring along extra water with you.
Huge place for the smallest Disneyland in the world. So much magic! The kids absolutely loved it and even us teens adults!
Hong Kong Disneyland is small and frankly the rides are very boring and limited.The wait is horrendous, no air conditioning and you'd need to queue up for at least 60 minutes in the hot sun. The crowds are mostly from mainland China, and most of them would probably try to jump queue, if not they'd stand really close behind you whilst you're waiting in line for no apparent reason.Even if you're not participating in any of the rides, make sure to prepare yourself with an umbrella, hat, water and sunscreen. The waiting areas are not sheltered and you could be left sitting in the scorching heat.The good thing about Hong Kong Disneyland, is that the rides have three languages. English, Cantonese and Mandarin.
Compared to other Disneylands, perhaps not great value for money. The queues are nuts. There's a heavy emphasis on merchandising, more than other Disney's. Brace yourself for the interesting convergence of cultures re lining up lol.   It's okay. Won't be back.
It is always wonderful visiting Disney properties! This is a smaller Disneyland but we loved it! The rides were fun! We loved HyperMountain ride! We were at the park on a week day and the lines were short compared to DisneyWorld in the summer! The park is a great adventure for younger kids for sure!
It's a small Disneyland. Summers at Disneyland Hongkong is unbearable with small kids. No fast lane tickets available. Although staff is very friendly. Not much attractions for little children.
We did a previous review of HKD and its Explorer Lodge.  We had a great time and would go back for sure in two or three years.  Highly Recommened.
We have visited many theme parks all over the world and Hong Kong Disneyland was one of the top 5 in our list. Getting to Disneyland was easy and the rides were also pretty great. You can get a fast pass for some of the rides where there is a long wait or you could go for other rides in the meantime. The only downside for this was that, it was not available for all the rides and you had to wait for it no matter what, which was frustrating and tiring. The universal studios in Singapore had a better system where you could get an express pass by paying extra and skip the ques and save on a good 2 3 hours. The weather is also known to change pretty quick so remember to get an umbrella. The cost for the tickets was around 600 HKD pp and it was cheaper to buy the tickets at the airport. Remember to get your own bottled water as water was very expensive in the Disneyland. Overall it is a great activity to do with your friends and family, so remember to get a good camera for amazing memories!
There are variety attractions for all ages; extreme rides in Toy Story, fun train ride around the park, meet and greet with the characters and a lot more. Best bonding for the family.
Great day out it's a small Disneyland but they have still paid lots of attention to detail!Very accessible from the Disney metro, super clean resort. Try to get there as soon as doors open (before 10.30) as locals don't appear to get out before 11 12 so there were practically no queues and it just got busier and busier the later it got.There is only really 3 rides and these are not big so it is definitely not a park for thrill seekers.The parade and musicals were amazing but they get full fast so make sure you queue up early!Drinks are about 3hk dollars and main food meals from 10hk dollars and up so relatively good prices for a park like this!Overall would recommend!
Hong Kong Disneyland is absolutely a wonderful place for all ages.It's 15 minutes away from the airport using a taxi. You have to use the blue taxi by the way because it's cheaper. The food is kinda expensive compared if you eat at the airport. One day is not enough to visit this place as we came only for a 12 hour layover prior to our destination country. The night parade is so AMAZING! This makes me wana visit another Disneyland on our next trip.
This place will make you forget your problems. Go around and be patient on queuing for the rides. The queuing will take most of your time. The Fantasyland is the best, next is the Tomorrowland and the Magical shows. Inside Disneyland, there are good enough restaurants, food prices are of course high. Comfort rooms are airconditioned, so that as you go around, you will find comfort in their comfort rooms. The only thing that is a drawback was the comfort rooms were not consistently attended to by janitors because most of these smelled of urine. It was a Tuesday when we went there, expectedly there were not too many people but alas, there were a lot of guests. Nevertheless, I'm giving two thumb up to this place. The Parade of Lights and Firecrackers show were worth the wait and the visit. Never miss these events happening at 9:15 PM everyday.
My daughter, 23 years old went with me to Hongkong just wanted to go to Disneyland. I was on a work trip to Shenzhen.I didnt know i will also enjoy the place and be amazed at the attractions. The Finale, the fireworks and the reflections of Disney movies shown at the facade of the castle melted my heart... now i want to go back again.. with my Grandchild Addie :) Happiest Place on Earth.
went to disneyland to celebrate my borth that was last july 31, 2017 and oh boy its so hot and humide but i really waited for mickey and minnie just to have a picture with them because the last time i went in disneyland i was not able to have a picture with them. but this time i really endure the hot day and it was a dream come true
It's Disneyland, what can you possibly say except that kids would definitely love coming here for the rides and the other attractions. It was a lot of fun and their parade is a great thing to wait for and experience. It was incredibly HOT though when we visited and I was thinking it'd probably be best to avoid these summer days next time. But aside from that   which is by no means or possibility Disney's fault   it was definitely a lot of fun for the kids and us kids at heart alike.
We went there with 5 kids and 4 adults. It was lots of fun. You can go with even small kids to good rides, for most of the rides you just have to be 1.04m. Stay until the parade around 4pm. Its great and you see all the stars like M.Mouse, Timon&Pumba, Toy Story etc
We went there September and the weather is hot but not so hot around 25C but it's fine. There's still wind as you wander around the Disney. It's like we're kids again and our favorite part was the Disney fireworks. Food is expensive and other rides is until 5 6pm so check out the schedule so you won't miss anything. HK Disney is small but all in all experience is amazing.
Went to Shanghai Disneyland what a big difference when we went to Hong Kong Disneyland. It's like night and day!! Less crowded the people are not rude, no cutting lines everyone waits their turn. Really enjoyed seeing the Tarzan play it highlighted the Chinese acrobatic talent. That was probably my favorite show at Disneyland. Because it is not crowded we were able to see and cover more of the park in less hours. We only had time for about half day   4 hours and it was plenty enough time to cover what we wanted to see and do. All in all this is a pleasant experience and worth going to visit despite everyone saying it's so small and not worth it. Believe it I enjoyed myself here more than Shanghai Disneyland. Thumbs up for Hong Kong Disneyland and the people have more class here and wait patienty their turn.
The children had a lot of fun at this HK park, waiting time for the attractions was not too long (surely we did not go in the peak season).  Average food quality, fast food type, as in all Disneyland locations tough.
one of best place i visited in neally two days it was like dream my daughter enjoy there especially night show
The park is limited with its restaurants and outlets you can't even get a bottle of water without waiting in line !! And shouldn't water be free ...? The rides are outdated and old style compared to other theme parks ... the worst was the Spider Man adventure !! You wait in line cooking for an hour just to be shuttled into a closed 2 x 2 room with a Chinese guy dressed in a Spider Man suit who only speaks Chinese and asks if you want a photo and that's it!! Seriously ?? Disney you are off my list ...hands down worst ever
Disneyland will really make you go back to ur childhood days. It was awesome to see Snow White and Mickey Mouse. It will make u proud as well to see Filipinos performing in the parade. Just that the price of the food inside the park are not reasonable.
After been to Orlando last year guess hard to try compare , its small just 1 park , about half size of Paris , ideal for children under 8 , apart from the thunder mountain ride rest were tame , the boat trip was ok and we liked the haunted house but rest was mainly young kids rides , this definitely needs some new rides , there was no interactive rides , could be improved loads . It was easy to get to from our hotel in Kowloon about 10 15 mins to the disney stop then change to Disney train 1 stop
We visited Hong Kong Disneyland and it was just an amazing time. The park is smaller than those in Paris and Tokyo however, it was still in line with the wonderful Disney experience. The park also has loads of special offers and special discounts that you can find by signing up on their free Wifi service and staff members handing out coupons. The only downside was that we purchased a dining plan and although the  fine print  says that you can use it for ice pops at carts around the park, management failed to provide the staff at the cards with the equipment necessary to process the QR coded vouchers.
This was my first visit to ANY Disneyland. We arrived at 10am on a Thursday morning. I expected to see larger than life characters casually walking around. I thought I'd see a HUGE Disney castle and watch my kids faces explode with excitement. I thought I'd find some healthy food options.....Alas, none of those thugs happened for us. I thought the staff would be super happy and friendly (like the Disney adverts!) but only the cleaners were. The retail staff were totally vacant!I appreciated the  fast pass  system, but wish that had been extended to other rides so our under 5yr olds didn't have to queue 30mins for a 2min ride on a teacup. The best time of day for us was the last 30mins before the park closed whilst everyone was waiting for the parade and the queues cleared. Bliss. I can't say I'll go back. Maybe staying in a hotel on site it would be better.I just left thinking we should have saved the first Disneyland for a trip to the USA....
Our 3rd time to HK Disneyland as an older couple. Love seeing the young people enjoying themselves. Very humid and several showers of rain. Our food at the Explorers Club Restaurant was very average and overpriced. All merchandise is too dear. Staff well trained and very polite. $28 for a bottle of water.
We really enjoyed Hong Kong Disney, however a few of the food outlets were closed. There was next to nothing for vegetarians or vegans. With so many of the food places not being open it made the queues worse. I think if your paying full price everything should be open. It was difficult to meet the characters, unlike when I went Florida and they were about everywhere.
Celebrated my younger brother's birthday in the happiest place on earth! It was raining that day but we purchased raincoats outside of Disneyland   check weather forecasts prior for maximum fun and savings. The kids won't care if they get wet during the rides, nobody's raining on their parade! The disney staff were giving away stickers to little kids too..
Pay close attention to the guide to get the best out of this place. Plan carefully...Try not to miss the parades, stage shows, and many attractions. It's a long day if you stay for the 9pm fireworks display and you should, it won't disappoint...Plenty of food outlets and I mean plenty, merchandise stores also. All in all a slick well run operation...Disney does it right after decades of experience you'd expect nothing less from the moment you step on the Disney train with the Mickey Mouse ears...One worthy note, the fast track tickets are only valid at specific times for rides and attractions. You may arrive at an attraction only to find a sign saying come back in an hour...as with most places in HK if you visit at the W E or public holiday, there's gonna be long queues. Try to visit midweek...
4 hours 4 rides. Ridiculous waiting times and very hot some places sat 15 minutes wait but are more likely to be 45 minutes. Everything was severely overpriced and the staff are rede and ignorant. Kids were over it after 4 hours and didn't like it and don't want to return.
Of course, its Disneyland so my kids loved it! the food inside was okay too but quite expensive.of course the souvenirs are expensive too hahaha! we have been to Disneyland in Anaheim, California and if I compare the two Disneylands, Anaheim would still be better. But, HK Disney is still Disneyland : ) My only comment would have to be that some of the shows were in Chinese, because it is in HK! but they could have considered that there are many foreigners too who would have loved Mickey Mouse to speak in English not in Mandarin (?). But all in all, still loved Disneyland!!!!
I love Disney parks so when I was in Hong Kong found it necessary to visit. However I was underwhelmed compared with other parks I have visited. I felt like it lacked atmosphere and didn't have as many rides as I would have expected. Food outlets were limited and I wouldn't recommend the western food. The staff were friendly. This is the only Disney park I haven't felt the  magic  and probably wouldn't return there.
Came to Hong Kong to see Disneyland. Although it is not as large as the parks in America, we had a wonderful time. The day started with monsoon like rain that cooled off the weather for a while. We were able to see ride all the attractions without the outrageous lines in the USA. The Lion King and Mickeys Wonderous Book had exceptional live performers, especially Elsa. She sounded just like the movie
Embarrassed for Mr. Walt Disney. The park was created in 2005. Disney had a blank slate to create a world class park. Instead they created an embarrassing tourist trap, that offered an uninspiring place to capture your money only. If Walt was alive he would have fired the person in charge of new park development.... Don't waste your time and don't waste your money at this park. No wonder The Hong Kong park is losing millions of $$ each year..now they have finally decided to invest big money staring in 2019 to rehab this place.. we live in Los Angeles and have been to Disneyland many many times..and are very proud of the park..but HK big joke
the first time my wife and I have been to a Disney park without our son or grandkids, I even got a senior discount! Full marks for the ease of getting there using MTR and the special connection.We went on a Friday and it was quite comfortable. I imagine at a weekend during school holidays it will get very crowded, but we were able to get on all the things we wanted to without big queues.One or Two day passes are on sale. I cannot see how it could take more than one day to do everything, even with children in tow. In all a very pleasant day out.
We had a absolute amazing time here and I highly recommend it for young families. To get the full feel of the park I would suggest two days so kids can have a couple turns on the rides. We did a morning to early afternoon for the first day and then a late afternoon till the end of night fireworks the second day and it was well worth it. International travellers should definitely take advantage staying at one of the 3 resorts which offer free shuttles all day long.
Another great attraction in Hong Kong to visit especially if you have children      it's so simple to get there independently also on the mtr you just need to change once onto the special Disney train as you can imagine there is loads to do
I have been to Walt Disney World in Orlando since I was 7 years old until I was 39 years old and HK's Disneyland was agreat stop for me at the age of 46. Never stop dreaming!
Definitely get a fast pass. We went in holiday period of China was crazy busy and certainly no manners with some tourists alot of cutting and pushing..can do it all in one day...staff friendly and helpful...very hot in the park...if like us your children are tall take a copy of their passport we were spoken to so rudely because our children aged 11 and 9 are extremely tall they accused us of lying about their ages (was a bit of a dampener at the beginning)..The parades are great and the fireworks amazing...
Enjoyed our Asian Disney trip. The lines were not that long. The Lion King production was SUPERB. The food was ok. Overall it was a spectacular show.
Went with our 10yr old on what we hoped would not be a rainy day. It is a nice park and easy to get round. We went mid week so the queues for the rides were quite small and there was enough variety to keep her interest. We arrived about 1 2hr after it opened and we had about 4 1 2hrs before it started to rain. A few of the rides were kept open and only lightening made them stop completely. We stayed till the end anyway and saw the fireworks but the parade was cancelled. If you get there when it opens & stay the full day I don't think you need more than a day to get round but if it's busy and you have young children 2 days might be better.
Went there in July 2017. The weather was very hot and the park was extremely crowded. I recommend you to buy tickets and meals voucher via online to get the best price. Nothing special, just a normal experience in a theme park. Honestly, I preferred USS more since it is more fun for adults.
It's the first time me and my wife had went to Hong Kong Disneyland and I must say the whole experience from start to end was a really magical one. Although the rides do not have the same thrill and excitement level as compared to Ocean Park, HK Disneyland well makes up for it in other ways bringing out your inner child with the familiarity of the Disney franchises. We really love some of the rides like the big grizzly mountain runaway mine, RC car, Disney express, mystic manor and it's a small world. Not to mention the parade and firework finale which was both the highlight of our visit at the theme park.Compliments also to the staff for the efficient crowd control during the fireworks. We thought that they did a pretty good job keeping the situation in order despite the huge crowd.
Always love to go to disneyland. But this time disneyland with hong kong culture. Too bad because we don't understand the language most of the time. But still we had fuuuunnnn :D
Great little Disney park which isn't too bad for the price of admission. However, in typical Disney fashion the food and drinks are hugely expensive and not very nice. The range is average and if you're a vegetarian good luck finding something appetising.The fast pass system works well and we loved the Star Wars coaster.
I went on the Chinese holiday and it was hot and extremely busy. Put my bags in their holding area (at a charge) then walked further down to the entry area and lined up for an hour to get in. Every ride had a sign saying 70 or 80 minute wait. Saw a hot dog at a vendor, the only thing in the whole park I liked to eat and after lining up for 40 mins, when I asked fir one they say  sold out, sorry I walked around in the hot hot sun in and out of all the people and then left. Was not a great particular day for me to go.
It's not the most extensive Disneyland you'll ever go to but it's ok. If you're into thrilling rides, go to Ocean Park. But it's still good for younger kids of course.
Amazing park perfect for young children maybe not so much young adults but as not many adult rides. My kids absolutely loved it from the rides to meeting their favorite characters. To be expected everything is expensive costing near $5 aud for water. But its a smaller very well maintained park with alot smaller wait times then the Anaheim park. Loved it. The only reason its 4 not 5 is prices.
Probably not the best idea to visit Disney when it's 36 degrees Celsius. But we enjoyed our day at the park. Not as much big roller coasters as in the other disneyparks. Lines were not too long, longest about 30 minutes. The new Marvel attractions are great. Because of the humid and hot weather we decided to leave early so we didn't catch the light show.
It is summer, hot, humid but the kids still wanted to go to Disneyland. I have been to Disneyland in Orlando, Anaheim and Paris and Hong Kong is by far the smallest with no spectacular rides. Everything was smaller except the fireworks at 9:00PM. Nice, but don't expect too much.
Had a great day @ Disneyland, although their outlets food and beverage prices are outrageously high, except for that, a great day for the kids.
I was really looking forward to HK Disney for my daughter's 5th birthday but felt a bit let down by the experience. The queues were too long and there were no princesses or charterers to be seen except at the end in the parade. The staff were not very cheerful and people pushed in all the time in the lines. They should have a priority queue for people with young kids as it seems unfair that all these adults are taking up the queue space while kids have to stand exhausted in the lines. Also the Disney characters were nowhere to be seen. Standing in queues with small children for a 5 minute ride is not that fun! Still my daughter enjoyed it! I remember Disney LA and euro Disney being much better.
You need to spend at least one day to enjoy a little bit of everything in this magical place. To avoid queue in the ticket line, we booked our tickets at klook.com with discount.
Nice park and has some good rides . A good place to enjoy for adults and kids and spend a nice fun day.
Overpriced with bad services! We were in the line for a game till a local came infront of us to the staffs and asked first, they just let them in and skipped us. When i protested the staff said  sorry (smiling without felt guilty) .1 bottle of water 32 HKD or 4 USD, really ??!?Once i went here, i wont never comeback
We went just after they open the Iron man ride. Kids loved it! we even went twice. A good tip is to go during the week day, and avoid the national holiday, and school holiday, as it get very crowded. By going during the week, we barely wait more than 5 min per ride. Don't miss the new StarWars mountain, steeper, and faster than the Space mountains.
Took the Metro from hotel to Disney. You take the Metro to the Disney line   then get on trains that are decked out with Mickey Ears windows and Disney character statues inside the train. Our car was covered in blue fabric with white walls. Very clean and fun for all to experience.Arrive at Disney and walk to the entrance    with security checks before entry to the park. As we were seniors, we got the cheapest rate in HK$. We felt this price is cheaper than what we pay to enter the parks at Disneyland or DisneyWorld.We were amazed at how clean the park was    how friendly the people were and because we were American's, everyone wanted to take their photo with us. Cell phones are everywhere. Seem to be glued to their hands, just like here in America! So now we are in lots of photo albums there in China!There are a few Disney characters who come out   but be warned they don't do autographs. Pin trading is something new to them so not many people trade; however, the Disney crew did have the lanyards for those of us who are traders! The majority of the pins were what you see at the US parks, but we were able to chat with a few crew and one of them was a trader who traded a really nice pin she had collected for one of ours that we had brought with us. So it was fun.Duffy is the popular character it seems    but that might be because Easter. Spring and Easter was the theme parks decor while we were there.It rained off and on that day but the weather was hot, so the brief showers brought out umbrellas, of which we had none, so we just walked around in the rain to cool off! Went on 2 rides, walked around to enjoy the experience and ate lunch before leaving the park about 3 to take the metro back to the hotel.A great place for kids of all ages naturally, but there were a lot of families there with young children and teens out on Spring break, Also we as senior kids!There is a Pandora charm store on location with all the Disney Pandora charms available for purchase.
Yes, it's smaller than most Disney's you have been to. BUT it makes up for it. It wasn't busy at all when we went and we were able to do everything we wanted to do TWICE! The grizzly bear ride was amazing!!! Hyper space mountain was killer. I recommend doing this. Especially if you're a Disney freak like I am! Make sure you get treats from the confectionary. They have really yummy treats you don't get to try in America.
We had full masti for the time we were in disneyland. We were dropped at the gate by our travel guide and had less than 12 hrs to explore it and make the best of it. The tips dat i cud quote which we used in this travel are1) we took out the complete map of disneyland and decided the approx time we wanted to spend in each area.2) although u wish to stay n breathe n njoy the surroundings but i promise u vl miss on alot of stuff so Rush!!3) u should not at all wear high heels or ne sort of uncomfortable boots or heels and must carry small racksacks (shoulder bags) for water n stff. Wear smthng cool n smart.4) we are pure vegetarians so by majboori we had no tym to waste on tryng food stfs5) enter ur first choice from right or left. It is tomorrowland or main street usa resp. I vl prfr tomorrowland cz u vl wsh fr sm small rides n nice views and then u cn follow the road.6) best part  spread.. we made our parents stand separately in queues of different rides so dat on njoyng one we cd run for another. Also one shd avoid rushy areas.. i.e. Dnt enter whr rush is entering. After sometime you will find it a lot easier space to njoy.DONT WASTE TYMDo njoy the night show. Dnt wrry abt takng d frst place near the boundary lines of the castle.. its fire crackers so focus on wats happng overhead
Hong Kong Disneyland is fantastic! It captures all of the traditional Disney elements whilst also putting it's own spin on things. The park is incredibly easy to navigate and well set out.Waits times are sooooooo much less here than at other Disneyland Resorts around the World. Definitely if you want short queues and be able to experience all that Disneyland has to offer then the best bet would be to make a trip to Hong Kong Disneyland you won't be disappointed!!
Excellent place with whole day long full of entertainment. Must go recommended place in HK for the family with kids.
My family and I went to Hong Kong Disneyland end Decemeber 2016. The crowd very pack. We spend whole day there. Fireworks was spectacular and amazing. Suitable for children and adults.
Too many queues to wait honestly. But it's a must for those family with young kids as they will love it. Im not really into those kind of the theme park so it's kinda boring for me. I prefer yhe universal instead. They also have a parade and fireworks at night.
Disneyland was indeed the happiest place I've been when I was in Hongkong. Although it was quite far from the place we were staying still, I enjoyed so much even from the start of the travel. They had their own Disney train where you can sit in a luxurious seat. The place was amazing. It would bring back childhood memories and it would cast away your worries. Parade of colors were nice. We actually witnessed two parades, one in the morning and one in the afternoon. The fireworks were definitely wonderful. A place where there's no time to get bored. Definitely a happy place for family and friends...
A one day pass for HK Disney cost us about $100 USD per person, which, for what you get, isn't really worth the cost. If you've already seen Disney World and or Disneyland in the US, HK Disney may disappoint you. Comparatively, it's very small. It's basically a tiny Magic Kingdom without many of the classic rides   no Pirates of the Caribbean, Splash Mountain, etc.There are a couple of rides exclusive to HK Disney that are pretty neat. In particular, Mystic Manor is a very fun, smartly designed Haunted Mansion esque ride that I'd highly recommend.Disney fanatics might also want to check out some of the merchandise. There's more than enough of it, and much of it is exclusive to HK Disney.The food is much nicer fancier than the Disney parks food in the US, but it's also considerably more expensive.Getting there via the MTR was fairly easy, though it's a bit of a hike from Hong Kong Island or Kowloon. Getting back was a bit more difficult, since we left with the hordes of other people leaving right after the fireworks show that begins as the park closes. (The show was great, for what it's worth.)We went on a Tuesday, and there weren't many crowds or long lines. The park actually felt oddly empty. Then again, we were there on a holiday (Dragon Boat Festival), which may have kept a lot of people away, so take that with a grain of salt.
My 38 months son really enjoyed. Compared to other Disneys, it was a small one. But i think it is perfect for family with little kids as you can cover the whole park in a day. Well managed and clean. Little bit pricey for foods and drinks. However, the entrance fee was worth the money as my son really liked. Overall it was another great family time.
Great rides and loads of fun  But the heat and sun simply fries you alive.. all the walking makes you really tired..   Halal food is a real change.. there is one halal restaurent but was closed on the day I visited..
This time around it was just me and the hubbie! I really wanted to come here just for the fireworks!!! As part of my bday weekend celebration!!! And I don't care about the ticket cost and all and not going for rides and expensive food all around because just the priceless feeling of seeing the night parade with all the exploding lights and sounds and of course the amazing fireworks show is all worth it!!!Also it's quite easy to get here ... HK's metro system is very very efficient!!!
Lots of rides, lots of kids show like story telling, fireworks are here. A large shopping complex is here. Really great funland it is.It is built in a large property. A lot of restaurants are here having different favoured food.
Need extra energy to explore and to play in this park. During summer time really needs to have an umbrella, hats or anti UV jacket. It's not allowed to bring any food and there's a security check at the gate. You can ride on the train when you feel tired and need time to recharge your energy. Just sit, relax and enjoy the park. Variety of food is available there. You can try the Disney's MTR and see the uniqueness. Never too old to have fun there. And don't miss the spectacular fireworks start at 9pm. Find your strategic spot to enjoy the parade and fireworks
You don't have to be a child to enjoy Disneyland. In my 7th visit to a Disney Resort, this time in Hong Kong, I was with a group of five office mates who momentarily forgot they were not kids anymore. Or they simply don't care because, after all, they are in the happiest place on Earth.While the HK Disneyland is the smallest among the different Disney Resorts around the world, it still pays to be early to beat the crowd. Visit Disney on a weekday when there are fewer visitors (but don't underestimate the word 'fewer'). It is best to be in front of the ticket booths before 9:30AM so that you can join the impatient visitors who make a mad dash to the nearest attractions once they open at 10AM. And that's exactly what we did. Tomorrowland (Space Mountain, Iron Man, Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters in succession). Then off to Toy Story Land (Toy Soldier Parachute Drop, RC Racer Roller Coaster, Slinky Dog Spin) , then to Grizzly Gulch (Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars (my favorite!). So many more rides, so little time.Don't forget to watch The Lion King Show (various times), Philharmagic (4D), the Disney Characters Parade at 4:00PM, the Light the Night Parade at 8:00PM, and the Fireworks Display at 9:00PM.At P3,800  (HK$589), a one full day trip to Disneyland will always be worth every peso (or dollar) you pay.
                                       Fantastic experience!!! Must for families with children or group of friends.   Try to visit Hong Kong during winter.
I have an awesome experience in Hong Kong Disneyland although I cannot play all the attraction. I reached HKDL around 11am and there are quite a number of people queuing at the security check and waited 10 mins. Maybe we visit weekday, we just waited 10 mins to enter the park. It was fast. Please make sure you go to Toy Story Land to play the attraction first. Because the waiting time for Toy Story Land is more than 60 mins. Then only go get the fast pass ticket for the Iron Man Attraction Hyper Space Mountain Winnie The Pooh attraction. Lastly, make sure you wait till the end to watch the fireworks, it was super nice.
We love Hong Kong Disneyland. This is a much different than the Anaheim resort. The meal deal is an exceptional value and Space Mountain, StarWars edition is better at the Hong Kong Resort. Grizzly Gulch runaway train is the very best ride. We loved the Lion King live show and the other shows. The variety of foods should be available in Anaheim along with the discount senior admission. The customer service is amazing and the air conditioned waiting areas for the major attractions are amazing. It may be smaller but the customer service and prices makes this the best Disney Resort.
A lovely small Park with plenty of adventures waiting for young Children. My 4 year old and 3 year old sons haven't stopped talking about it since. Plenty to see and do with a good variety of World wide cuisines
It was a an awesome experience, despite not riding everything due to a long queue which is normal in a leisure park. I so love the evening parade and the fire works. Except for food and water which are expensive.
We went there on summer, and the heat just almost unbearable.The rides, however, really fun. And once the sun is down, the park feels much better.The rides: good, the ambience: nice. The food: great. The public facilities: well maintained. However, there are nothing more. Basically, just as expected from a Disneyland.
We visited this place 10 years ago with our girls , most of it are the same except one or two new land ( like the Toy story ) .It was very hot becos it is summer , and everyone will look for a air conditioner cafe but there are not many plus it is Jam pack with loads of tourists. if you have young children , it is better to bring an umbrella with a portable fan for each child . Q up for rides and show is not really that long but for some famous ride , it will take up about half hour to an hour Q up time , sometime the area is not air condition so do remember to have water and some snacks for kids to keep them entertained .If you are travelling with young children , do remember when the last show ends , there will be a lot of them leaving together, so it will take up at lest half hour trying to go to their Disney train b4 changing to MTR , so your travel time to go home will now be at lest half more than your original time .
For kids who are looking for rides with a little thrill this place leaves a lot to be desired. Overall not a great place to visit but been there done that may apply.Food is expensive and service is lacking. Very difficult to find a young person smiling outside of the performers. The other thing is just a heads up. Many of the rides or exhibits that have voiceovers don't have great English. We could barely understand which detracted from the experience. Not complaining just worth noting if you are expecting all communication to be understood.The lines were not that bad but we went on a Friday.
Disneyland is a fantasy for everyone, guess everybody read and watch about the stories and surely would like to see it in person. That's why everybody is excited about Disneyland. Especially those ones in Western World. However, the one in Hong Kong was too small to put everything together. Therefore they can only selected some themes they thought can attract more visitors. Unfortunately they failed. Once can compare with those one in France or US, You will found the one in Hong Kong is waste of time to visit, you will encounter only queuing but without fun. Further, you will be pushed to dine within the site and found they are robbing you. But in a while if you have nothing to do and have spare money in your pocket then you can tell your friends that you have been one more Disneyland.
It was truly a great experience. We had a 2 day pass. Iron man experience was the best enjoyed by my 14 year old son. Since it was july we were disturbed lot by rain. But still it was exciting. The Tarzan tree house and the raging river rides were quite a different experience. Monkey's philar magic was simply out of the world. I am truly left short of words to describe.
Disclosure: I grew up near Walt Disney World (WDW) and have been there 100  times. I only recently visited the original Disneyland, and then a few days later visited Hong Kong Disneyland for the first time. Overall Impression: My husband and I really enjoyed this park, and it was our favorite when compared to Disneyland Anaheim or California Adventure. It's much smaller than WDW, but that is part of what makes it charming. Travel: We rode the Disneyland Express MTR, which was adorable. The Mickey windows and various Disney details on the train cars were adorable. That said, we opted for a cab on the way home to avoid the need for several trains. There is a cab area with clear designations about which cabs go to which parts of Hong Kong.Best Rides:Mystic Manor     I have a love affair with the Haunted Mansion, so I was surprised when I ended up loving Mystic Manor even more. One of the best rides I   ve ever done at any Disney park. There   s a lot of great story which is a nice bonus, but really the ride itself just really unique. I   ve never been on anything quite like it. It   s trackless, and the mansion just feels HUGE and grandiose in a way I wasn   t expecting. We loved it so much we rode it twice.Hyperspace Mountain     To be fair, we didn   t ride Space Mountain at Disneyland, in part because the Hyperspace Mountain elements were already removed from that one. But Hyperspace Mountain at HKD was AWESOME. There   s something to be said for rocketing off with Star Wars music blaring, and tie fighters and X Wings shooting all around you. So much fun we rode it twice.Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars     So many twists and turns with this coaster that were unexpected and a lot of fun. At first glance it looked like a Big Thunder Mountain copy cat, but it was SO much better than that.Iron Man Experience     This was a pretty classic simulator, but we enjoyed it quite a bit. Lots of fun, and not nearly as    jerky    as Star Tours. In fact, I thought the ride was pretty smooth and enjoyable, whereas a lot of simulators usually leave me feeling a little sick.Honorable Mentions: The Festival of the Lion King show at HDK. Not a ride, but a thoroughly enjoyable experience. I had never done this at Animal Kingdom, and with HK being so horribly hot and humid in summer, it was a perfect break. Food thoughts: We ate lunch in Tomorrowland. My husband got an Iron Man burger that actually had the Iron Man helmet logo on the bun. I got fried chicken, which came with little plastic gloves to keep your hands from getting messy. Never seen that before, but helpful!Lines and Crowds: We visited Hong Kong Disneyland on a Friday. We never waited more than 30 minutes for anything. For Hyperspace Mountain we walked right on the first time with barely a 5 minute wait. We did pass up some Marvel meet and greets due to 60 minute wait times though. Getting food at all three parks was surprisingly painless. No long lines for food and no stalking tables to find a spot to eat.
Had my my kids 4th birthday here. Had 1 week to be around Hong Kong but made sure to spend majority of our stay here. Checked in the disney hotel and spent 2 nights. The best thing about disneyland is seeing your kid have an unlimited fun. That is priceless
Loved, loved, loved this place! We visited as a family with my thirteen year old and I wasn't sure if he would be too old. This was a needless worry as he lost the teenage attitude immediately and to my horror, introduced me to his idea of roller coaster heaven.There's a wide range of rides to suit most children and in particular enough for young children to be happy (and the parents who don't like the scary rides).Note that you are not allowed to take food or drink into the park and bags are searched. Some of our party were turned away to dispose of this. I understand for commercial reasons that this is to encourage buying within the park.Each area is different   fantasyland, tomorrow and, adventure land. I recommend The Lion King show. The singing and visuals were superb.We visited on a day of very mixed weather and with very little notice, the afternoon parade was cancelled. My impression is that they readily cancel parades here if the weather isn't good. The evening parade and the fireworks more than made up for this though. It's very easy to get to and is part of Lantau Island. The MTR from Hong Kong stops at Sunnybay where you take the Disneyland express MTR to the park. Everything Disney starts here with the cut out Mickey Minnie windows on the train.We wished we had bought a two day pass instead of one day. There's only   5 difference in ticket price. I would definitely come back here on a future trip to Hong Kong.
We took our daughter here for her first Disney experience and she absolutely loved every minute.  We didn't get to go on as many rides as we would have liked.  The wait was just too long.  Buy your tickets in advance.
My daughter and I really enjoyed our day here. We were here from opening till closing time. The highlights were the parades and the fireworks. Park was really clean and tidy. Staff were friendly.
First of all speak to the locals in town at your hotel maybe as all employees at d land get free daily access to family and friends .that will save you at least half the fee .also make the local very happy also no queues.Secondly take a packed lunch or have a big breakfast for the price and quality of food and drinks you may as well go to the real one in USA.It's great for kids split into 2 groups as to see what everyone wants faster and no hanging around because one person wants to ride the train .etc etc etc .on the way back to hk stop of at kowloon area to see pet street with the real Mac oh. Eat around there and get a filling freash and tasty meal cheaply .or go and see the light show at eight or nine pm I think .please check.All in all a fun and tiring day take a buggy for the small one and sensible Sun hats and protection
Loved our first Disneyland experience! Amenities rides awesome! Especially loved the live Lion King show   a definite  not to miss .
On the day, it was a choice of either Ocean Park or Disneyland. Unfortunately, for whatever reason, we decided to go to disneyland. Travelling there was pretty easy by MTR and rail. However, on the way, we were met by hordes of Chinese mainlanders, each going to the same destination. They are loud and rude and where there is a queue, they will certainly try to skip it. Sadly, this was the main theme throughout the day. After queuing at the entrance, and fighting off every single mainlander's attempt to jump the queue, we finally got in. The sun was shining and it was extremely hot. My advice is to take an umbrella or parasol with you to shade yourself, because there is very little shade indeed within the park. Queuing for the rides wasn't so bad. They are pretty fast, and you can select a time to return to save yourself some time. This is certainly what you must do for the more popular rides. The rides are generally suitable for children and even those who are afraid of rollercoasters can enjoy them without a fuss. But you must ensure that no one skips in front of you while queuing. Since there are no shades within the park, you are always on the lookout for a shop to relieve yourself with aircon. Although, there are some areas with aircon, there are also many shops that don't have it. I find it pretty cheap that they can't even turn the aircon on after you pay so much to get in.The food courts are jammed pack. You'd be extremely lucky to get a seat. The mainlanders all rush to get their food and the whole place is absolutely chaotic. It's probably the worse experience you will ever have. Fortunately, they serve the food pretty quickly and you don't have to wait long in the queue.By the end of the day, I was so knackered, I just couldn't move anymore. The heat, the exhaustion, the constant need to fight off queue jumping. Chinese mainlanders will not observe any etiquette and it got me completely mad. I cannot recommend this experience to anyone.
Cutely smaller in size but perfect for a day outing with kids (3 years   99 years) there is every thing for everyone. Do stay till the end to watch the parade and lighting crackers show
This is the world's smallest Disneyland but still it manages to give you one of the best experiences of life. It caters to all age groups and hence it is great fun to be in. There is a lot to walk once you are inside so if you are travelling with kids make sure to get a pram. There are different shows as well like the Lion King show, etc. but they take place only at particular time points so make sure you plan accordingly and don't miss the shows. There are two parades which take place inside the park one in the afternoon at around 3 and the second in the evening at around 7, both of them are equally great, so one should try and attend both. The fire works show happens in the night at around 8:30 and that too is worth watching. It is recommended to keep yourself hydrated all day as it is pretty hot in the month of June in Hong Kong. An amazing overall experience.
The month of July is not a very ideal time to visit Hong Kong. It was raining the day we arrived in Hong Kong and on the day that we are supposed to be visiting HK Disneyland, it rained 75% of the time. My little one whose 5 years old still was able to enjoy the Disney park special thanks to other Disney characters who bravely came out to Fantasy Garden to greet us despite of unfortunate rainy condition. The Disney Parade was cancelled and of course the fire works. We were disappointed but not that much, my little princess was still able to enjoy the tour at  It's a small world , which I believe is the second highlights of her very first visit to HK Disneyland. You can't really do anything if Mother nature wants to rain. BUT I can still try to come back next time with my little princess and I am hoping in December it'll be a different experience...a much more enjoyable and worth Disney vacation. I am still giving HK Disneyland a 5 star ratings because if it didn't rained, I know my little princess would have enjoyed the Disney tour.
Very easy to go there by train, even though you need to change it few times. Clean and friendly staff as in all Disneyland parks. Our kids are 12,10 and 5 and they really liked the attractions. Restaurants offer mainly Asian food but pizzas and burgers can be found too. If you visit the park during the rainy season, bring your rain poncho or buy it from the park (kids size 60 HKD). Fireworks in the end are worth of seeing.
We had a good time at DisneyLand. We enjoyed the fireworks the most. Do not miss it, it begins just after the park closes.
We were super exited about going to Disney but we were a bit disappointed with the size of the park. This is the smallest Disney theme park but it's has expensive as the other theme park. They should sell their tickets for a bit less, it's quite expensive for a family. In all we had a great day, the parade and fireworks were magical.
Children and adults will enjoy this place, its called the happiest place on earth for nothing. But it rained really hard when we went there, and wearing the ponchos sold at the park makes you a person with wet pants and sweaty shirt.. its so humid hot wearing that rain ponchos lol. So either sweat or get wet from the rain. We only get to tried two rides and lined up for almost an hour under the rain for a picture with mickey and minnie mouse. The parade and fireworks was cancelled due to bad weather. Wish we had better weather as we could have enjoy the park more.
As expected, high quality rides, shows, standards and expensive food and souvenirs! You don't do Disney every day so suck it up and enjoy. Had a great day!
It is very good for entertainment but small and do not go on weekends is very crowded. The food inside is very expensive and the staff it is not like us but is a good park and you will have fun
The first Disneyland we ever visited. Beautiful, clean and a must see sightseeing in Hong Kong. Wait untill dark to see the lightshow.
We had a lovely time at Disneyland Hong Kong! Not as big as Los Angeles Disneyland, but still get that wonderful Disney vibe! Happily spent 2 days here.
We went with our Kids ages from 10 to 21 the park is small and the rides are also for smaller kids. The show during the day was lots of fun and the evening show was amazing. For the rest not the most exciting park I have visited.
It is one of the famous amusement parks in Asia. Though not being as big as others in Asia owing to limited land in Hong Kong, it still has its peculiar feature, a fusion of Oriental and Western style.  It is worth seeing
We spent the day here despite the on off rain. Light show at the end of the day is fantastic. Love the characters road show. Rides queue can be awfully long. Would suggest to get the express pass.
Disneyland is a fabulous place to visit and without doubt a family orientated place, but highly commercialized to the point of you spending more time shopping that enjoying the park. Be ware very expensive.
I went on a fairly rainy day but it was still fun. Toy Story land is really good. The Small World palace is incredible. It's fairly small compared to the American Disney places but it was still cool.
This is a small Disneyland but there is more than enough to do for a full day there. Lots of good rides and shows. I don't understand why they open the gates at 10am but then make everyone stand in the sun until 10.30 before you can go to the rides.
I would recommend pre purchasing tickets online, showing up early, and going during the week and non school holiday periods to beat the crowds. If you're lucky to get a day where it's quiet, there are barely any lines which makes for a much better experience.It's one of the smaller Disneylands so you can definitely see most of it in one day. There are plenty of rides for all ages. Make sure you read the guide at the beginning of your day and plan your day well to see as many performances as you can.The food is terrible and overprice but that always happens with theme parks. Remember to pack some extra water and snacks to sustain you throughout the day. Make sure to bring lots of money because everything is so cute and you will probably end up buying lots of souvenirs.If you're going to Hong Kong then definitely set aside a day to visit Disneyland. You can't help but be happy when you hear the music they play throughout the place.
It's easy to go by MTR. We arrived at 10.30 am (opening hour) on Monday, but there's a lot of people in lines in front of the entrance. We already had tickets so it helped a lot. The weather was very hot, but our 2 kids, my grandsons, 6 and 2 years old, had a lot of fun. We stayed there until 7.30 pm.
I've never been much of a theme park person. I enjoy them, but prices and long lines often keep me away. When my wife bought me and two of our (older) kids tickets to Disneyland, though, we embraced the chance to go, and it was a wonderful experience for which we are and will remain grateful. Due to some time constraints we got to enjoy five rides, namely the Iron Man Experience, the Runaway Mine Carts, the Mystic Manor, the Toy Story Parachute Drop and the Toy Story RC racer. As long as the lines we had to endure were, it was still time well spent. We particularly enjoyed the Mystic Manor and the Disneyland HK exclusive Iron Man Experience, which we rode before anything else. As virtual 4 D rides go, it was a topnotch experience, though the more traditional rides were also quite enjoyable. The staff were very friendly and very helpful, and the food, while pricey, was nonetheless good, with a good range of variety (East Asian and Southeast Asian cuisine), and generous servings. The layout of the place is very friendly and easy to cover by foot so it shouldn't even be that hard for small children to get around, though given the size of the crowd it's really advisable to keep an eye on smaller kids.I can definitely see myself going back, perhaps when my younger kids are big enough for the rides.
A magical place not only for kids but for all young at hearts. It's every child's dream to visit this amazing park. It's really the happiest place on earth. A fun and enjoyable place for families. Be sure to watch the parade and the fireworks. Definitely, a place to visit again.
This is probably the smallest of the Disney Parks. You can easily complete all the rides in a day. No that crowded during the week and even at weekends it was tolerable. The overall customer service is in par with other Disney Parks. Only if they expand it sooner to make it much more exciting!
Not exactly my type of theme park. Queues were too long. Came on Friday and Saturday. On average i spend about 30 to 45 minutes to every ride or shows. Shows and parades were good. Some shows were in cantonese. Not many rides. My first time here and probably be my last.
It started off as a day for the kids to have fun, but we (adults) enjoyed as well. The parade and the fireworks were excellent.
Hong Kong Disneyland is good. It's a good place for both kids and adults. If you buy the packet tickets you will have the discount for food in Disneyland, and you can have small gift from the shop. Kids love this place.
Initially we thought it is only for kids. But there are lot of activities which Adults also can enjoy. First READ the ACTIVITIES list before proceeding otherwise you may miss couple of things. Must watch the Fireworks @ Night...and Parade.
And the highlight of our trip is going to Hong Kong Disneyland, So we traveled form our hotel to Disneyland via train and when we reach there the nonstop photo taking started. I went back to my childhood, I have seen Mickey and Minnie and every Disney character that I liked. so just enjoy the whole theme park and go to the every ride that you can take. And for the ticket we purchased it in the airport, our ticket had a meal coupon already so that when you get there no need to worry for the food and by the way outside food is not allowed inside the theme park.
Good. This travel destination is large. This entertainment park has a castle of Disney. This park is clean and comfortable, the visitors musn't bring foods and drinks into the park. The ticket isn't too expensive or cheap. There are Disney souvenirs here. I recommend the travelers in Hong Kong visit this park. Very OK.and I have fun here.
Our daughter had never been to a Disneyland so it was a special treat to go there while in Hong Kong. It was a long MTR ride from Wanchai  Kowloon area and we had to stand all the way until we connected with the Disney train at Sunny Bay. That train was cute with Mickey shaped windows and handles to hold.Yes we got to have a photo with Mickey and Minnie which was our main goal! The queue was lng and it poured with rain while we were in the queue but we persisted.The street parade was fun, but our highlight was the Lion King show. It was amazing! Top quality performance.As we live on the Gold Coast, Australia where we have four big theme parks, I would have to say that their rides are better, but overalll it was a fun day and gave a touch of Disney that had been missing in our daughter's life.You can take food and drink into the park, they do bag checks but just to check for weapons dangerous items.
Disneyland Hong Kong (a Thursday in June 2017) from the Royal Plaza Hotel in Mongkok was easy to get to by MTR (purchase an Octopus card). It was about a 35min ride. It was about $75 US dollars for 1day admission (tickets purchased at the park). The one day pass is enough to see most of the park. It was a very hot sticky day. I suggest a lot of sunscreen, dri fit clothes, a cooling towel, water, and an umbrella (especially its typhoon season and you never know when it will rain). It says online that a selfie stick is not allowed but we saw many with them. You can bring your own water, but no canned or glass bottles. There is security check. The staff or cast members as they are called, are not so friendly as SoCal Disney and Disneyworld Florida. They have  Western  bathrooms and they have seat covers and toilet paper (if you have ever been around China, you know why I mentioned this). They also take Visa charge cards. It is about a third of the size of Disneyland SoCal. We got there about 10:30am. The park is sectioned off similar to Disneyland SoCal, Tomorrowland, Fantasyland, Adventureland are a few familiar areas. The Disney Characters do not walk around the park. On Main Street, they have a couple of designated areas that they give guest picture opportunities. I don't blame them, who would want to walk around in that costume in weather such as Hong Kong. The Winnie the Pooh ride had a really long line, which is ironic because the Winnie the Pooh ride in California has the shortest line. We decided to skip this ride. Grizzly Gulch seems to be the most thrilling compared to the other rides. Mystic Manor was my favorite ride, but then again I'm not big on rollercoasters. Ironman was a good ride too. The lines for the other rides are not too long, about 30 minutes wait. The shows are great, especially Lion King (A C was heaven). The park seemed to get a little busier at around 5:30pm. We guess the locals are off work. We stayed right before the park closed (10:30am  8pm). The park hours that day was 10 9pm) we didn't want to wait till after the ending parade then we would be with a large crowd on the MTR (watch out for pickpocketers). We had a good time.
Tip: Ask for a Senior ticket if you qualify as it is a quarter of the price of a child's ticket.  I wanted a photograph with a Storm Trooper but he turned his back on me and ssid that he was on patrol!  Very in Disney
Spent two days there and loved it.  From having breakfast with the characters through to the parade and fireworks at night and the place was wonderful. I would truely recommend visiting especially if you have young kids
It is nice   for half an hour before it becomes overcrowded. Should be covrr for sun.  Unfortunately.
Great day out, so clean and didn't wait more than 30 mins for anything midweek. Exact replica of LA, EURODISNEY etc. such good family fun even the 16yr who wasn't keen as felt too old now actually had fun!
We went to spend the day at disneyland to celebrate our baby boy's 1 year birthday. It was very hot, but fun fun fun! Loved visiting all the different themed areas, Toy storyland, the parade, the lion king show were amongst my favorite. The ending fireworks were the best, i truly recommend it! The perfect touch to finish a magical day. We thank all the staff for making our day so memorable! We will come back for more next time.
Disneyland Hong Kong is an amazing experience for the whole family.The train mrt was so easy from Kowloon and hassle free.The rides were great the street shows and fireworks were amazing.The food was good and prices were reasonable.A memorable experience had by the whole family100% recommend
A general opinion that this place is for kids.But it's fun for all ages.The parades were lovely.You relive your childhood with the characters.Fireworks were awesome.
What an exciting experience. It's perfect for all the family. Kids and Adults alike. Expect long lines for some rides though. Wise to take your own packed lunch and snacks if you can. Avoid the fast food outlets but I highly recommend some caramel popcorn. Fireworks and parade are worth the late night. Enjoy!
I have been to Disney World in Florida once and Disneyland in Californis numerous times. Both are world class entertainment facilities for young and old alike. Hong Kong`s version is a bad joke and a total rip off. Save your money. For this style of entertainment go to Ocean Park on Hong Kong Island. It is light years better.
Disneyland Hong Kong is the best place for family vacation. We can see the superb fireworks at night.
Highly recommended place for families with all ages. Don't miss the shows and parades they are essential part of the Disney experience.Great quality of the available rides.Lots of interesting souvenirs can be found here from clothing, toys, accessories jewelry, sweets  cookies ...etc.The Marvel super heroes summer events in 2017 is another plus.I can't compare it to the other Disney lands, as I haven't been in any of them yet, however, it's a worthy place to visit if you happened to be in Hong Kong.I would suggest to the park management to consider having more halal food items (even though it exists; more variety would be better)
Hong Kong Disney is fabulous ! It's smaller than other parks but less busy and we got on every ride ! The longest we waited was 15 minutes. I met Tinkerbell and Elsa and they were perfect. It was rainy to start so no one else was there but the weather cleared up and we walked the entire park 3 times. The food was delicious I had butter chicken and it was amazing !!
I go to the the Disneyland Resort in Anaheim, CA very often (I am an annual pass holder) so I was very excited to visit Hong Kong Disneyland. I was very happy with what they have at HK Disneyland. Hyperspace Mountain is my favorite ride in Anaheim so I was very happy to find out that the one in HK was very similar and just as entertaining. I also loved the Iron Man ride in HK Disneyland. It is very similar to the Star Tours version that they have in Anaheim. The snacks there are quite pricey but my cousin and my sister were very happy to find snacks that were good. My sister got the Korean squid that you can purchase around the park and that was very good. I got the churro sundae in Toy Story Land and I really liked it. Especially because it was so hot in HK. Another ride that me, my sister and my cousin liked was the Grizzly Bear Mountain Cars ride. It is a great ride and should be one that everyone aims to go on. It was a good trip, don't forget to drink a lot of water. The train ride to the park is very convenient. I look forward to going again!
A Disney experience with a China twist, like every Disney Park, it is crowded, just more so here but the nice thing is the people are much more friendly and very interesting to talk to while on line.
Remember to get fastpass (is free of charge) at certain attractions to cut short your waiting time. AND stay for the amazing fireworks at 9pm! Please be there early to get a good view.
I thought it's only for kids.   But no, it's such a happy place for any age. Enjoy in the fun of love of disney, with all it's parade, attraction and all.
Enjoyed my day from morning till 9 pm. Maximized the visit since it's quite expensive entrance ticket.  Get online promo for ticket and meals if possible (meals are very expensive)
I spent 1 day full for visiting this place because this place offers fun and great times. My favorite ride is toy story land and the mystic manor! This place is suitable for children until adults. I suggest to buy a 1 day full ticket including free meal for each person because it saves a lot of money! For the transportation i suggest you to take a fast train (disneyland train) from your nearby station, it quite far so be ready for transit and stops. But overall isn't hard to follow the map!  Hope you enjoy your trip!!
Hongkong Disneyland is just a must see destination especially for families and parents with kids. I was never a fan of rides and amusement parks, but Hongkong Disneyland somehow captured the kid in me. Lol. We had a great time enjoying the rides and the shops were captivating and irresistible. You just want to buy those souvenirs and take them home. But just a tip though  make sure to check the weather prior to your visit. It rained when we went there so it's best to bring a raincoat, especially for kids. The food are bit pricey but there are lots of choices when it comes to dining. Also, make sure to stay till 8pm to watch the parade and the fireworks! It was truly magical!
This was our first  Disneyland  experience. My 5 year son enjoyed every bit of it but was exhausted by the end of day because of his over excited parents behaving like kids and doing ride hopping without a break. For all of us this was the first visit to Disney and we wanted to cover each and every attraction. By the end of first day we realised that there is just too much to see in just one visit even with a 2 full day park access. However we had a ball of a time and this visit motivated us to visit the disneyland in paris a year later
Visited Hong Kong Disneyland today and had a real good time. Iron Man ride was great along with Hyperspace Mountain. Mystic Manor was my favorite. The Disney staff was great and also friendly cant say the same for some of the rude patrons you will meet but all in all it was a great time. I will say it is brutally hot and humid in HK but while there were lines, there are also lots of shade and fans to add some relief. The indoor rides has ice cold air conditioning to give your body the respite it need to keep on going. Get fast pass. The lines build up quick.
I love Disney land because there is everything you need to have fun! There is yummy food amazing rides. I would recommend this place to tourists.
Absolutely loved it here, great day for adults and kids alike. Lots of places to eat. Queues can be a little long so either get there early or attempt to get some queue jump tickets which are given out. Alot to do in one day so maybe spread over two days. We took the train straight there which was affordable. From the Island it took maybe an hr or so after changing over lines.
Nice....though I feel you have done a few disneylands they loose their appeal...was visiting one after almost a decade so was fun to see my son enjoy...loved the parade (which is much more hi tech than when we were young) and the fireworks
We loved every minute at Disneyland. Everyone was very polite & helpful, the rides were fun, the complex was clean & tidy & well signposted. All rides & shows are included in your admittance, which is very cheap if you are an Elder (over 65).
This was our second time at Hong Kong Disneyland.Our son is older so we went for two full days. Purchased the tickets online from their website. They were easy to pick up and avoided the lines. Saved a bit too. The newer rides are a great addition
Put on your hat and bring your umbrella if you are visiting the park in summer time. Don't miss their parades and fire work.
All the great features and attractions of a Disney park except the park is newer than most so the rides are smooth and better built. Great time for families!
We had visited 2 days for HK disney land, this place is amazing and makes you feel like a kid. the Parade is excellent afternoon and evening, lastly dont ever miss the fireworks amazing.
2nd visit to Disney hk but found it more interesting now. My 4yo kid & 2yo kid enjoy their trip as they played about 10 games. Good !
2 adults went to Disneyland for the first time. Beautiful theme park and very crowded as expected but we really enjoyed our day. Impressive quality of the rides & details of the toys, castle, etc.. everything was very expensive though (souvenirs & food). Feel bad for the staffs in the bakery section, as they looked super exhausted. the one who served us was being unfriendly & mistaken our orders.. other staffs were generally very professional & helpful
In Hong Kong, we eagerly awaited for the most sought after tour of Disneyland, the true fantasy filled wonderland, the Fantasyland! Little far from the city, our tour operator organised our transfer, and after nearly an hour   s drive from North Point, we were at the gates of the Disneyland by 10.30 am. Here again, it started to rain heavily as soon as we arrived, but thankfully rains were always in short spells, which allowed everyone to enjoy the Disneyland to the fullest. Everyone out here are so used to such intermittent rains that they are always ready with Umbrellas and rainwear. Inside Disneyland, the rides, shows, theatre, trains are all spectacular. The beautifully designed Castle, which is the universally famous and most prominent and recognised mark of Disneyland and people identify with, appears like a dream sequence, very warmly welcomes you inside the Disneyland. The fantasyland is vast and expansive and is always brimming with visitors, all through the year. But despite such heavy deluge of visitors   the infrastructure, queue systems, the facilities, the layout, the flow of everything is so well managed   that never once anyone bumps on to or rubs shoulder with any other person! Access to every ride and entertainment shows are super quick, hassle free and easily accessible. Once inside, you are on your own and free to chose your rides and shows of your liking and interest. The most interesting ones, which I checked out myself, were Tomorrow Land, Mystic Manor, Jungle River Cruise, Rail Road, Big Grizzly Mountain, Hyperspace Mountain, Iron Man Experience, RC Racer, Mickey   s Wondrous Book and The Donald Duck 3D Animation Movie Show were simply superb and a must to experience. Among these, the experience of Hyperspace, Mystic Manor and Iron Man deserve applause in particular. All the above rides and events are full of thrills, frills, super exciting and mystical, which will not only challenge your fears and imagination but also give you an out of the world adrenaline rush and adventure moments to cherish, forever. It   s a huge place. Also housing a glittering shopping arcade, selling all kinds of Disneyland memorabilia, chocolates, apparels, decors, toys, and much more! But, all very pricey!And, it   s not over yet! As the clock strikes 8pm, the grand and glittering Disney parade troupe starts to appear, one by one, passing through the winding streets right in front of the open area outside Castle facade, virtually turning into an arena, with all the visitors collecting over and coming together from all parts of the fantasyland, to witness the spectacularly eclectic and glowing mix of dance and music. After almost an hour of this truly an awestruck dazzling show, the announcement is made for the 15 minutes of the firework show, starting at 8.45pm. This firework show in the backdrop of the glorious Castle, bathing in colourful lights, generates the maximum frenzy and interest among all the visitors   the last grandest of the grand show     is the icing on the cake before curtains are down for the day and everyone goes back in happiness beholding the cheerful memories, etched forever! And, finally the ultimate moment wrapped for the last comes alive; there goes the non stop blitzkrieg of exotic fireworks: extreme, impressive, extravagant, spectacular and an amazingly colourful; much like living a dream, joy and ecstasy writ large on everyone   s smiling faces. Finally, the razzmatazz of Disneyland tour of the real fantasyland comes to a fabulous end. I return back: all amazed, dazzled and delighted.(c) Anil Bishtanilbisht@rediffmail.com
It was level 3 Typhoon warning when I went there in the morning. The staff informed us that outdoor rides close and ask we wanted to come back another day. They told us no idea when they will open. But since our itinerary was all planned, we decided to go in. After few hours, warning level escalate to 8 and we were inform Park has to close. It wasn't chaotic at all. People still strolling and looking around. Staff did I not really physically chase customer out. We quickly redeem our meal voucher and make our way out. Along the way we asked the staff and was told to keep the tickets as we can come back within 6 months with the same ticket. And so we did, on the next day afternoon, as the Typhoon came and left within a night. It was a good decision by my wife as the park is almost empty. We get to sit most of the rides without queue. Night parade and fireworks still on. But just a note that you need to go to the booth to exchange for a new ticket before entry.
This was our first Disneyland trip! and we're with our 3yo. We really had a lot of fun, although it was really hot when we went there in June. It was really hot in the morning till afternoon then rained hard right before the fireworks so it was cancelled :( but all in all, the little boy had a blast so we're happy :) tips: they're not really strict with bringin food, just put it inside the bag then cover it with change clothes. They have drinking fountain everywhere too..
We've never done any other Disneyland's so we can't compare there. This park was clean and friendly with no horrible lines, the app worked well for that. Food was expensive. Definitely a fun experience in Hong Kong!
Absolute fun to visit the Disneyland. All rides are fabulous, not to be missed is the evening parade followed with fire works. We booked on klook with meal option so could save on the regular price at the stand. Also buying online saves time by not standing in queues. One can also buy priority pass. Those who are staying in a Disney hotel nearby gets 2 complimentary pass as part of the package. Disneyland Hong Kong is well connected with MTR, with its own station. Those who stay in Disney hotel nearby can board the shuttle every 10 minutes.
This is our second trip to the park and we were very happy with our entire time. The only shame was the 1.5hrs of rain we had but this is July in Hong Kong so expect some rain. The experience entering the park was quick and painless. We decided to go us on rides and shows as it was our son's fourth birthday today. We never waited more than 20 minutes for any rides and that was refreshing not to have to line up for hours and most of the rides feature air conditioned lines. That feature is welcome as it was 29 degrees Celsius when it was not raining. The Ironman experience is a star tours ride along with Jarvis and Ironman himself. It is a good ride and the ride features a lot of Stark tech while you wait in the line. Hyperspace mountain is a great ride and after riding the hyperspace in Anaheim Disneyland this year I have to say this one is a better experience the visuals of the space battle are brighter and more defined. Mystic manor is a great ride too. It really does bring out some Disney magic using robotic cars. The only new show was Storybook theater and that was a good show with great singing dancing, sets and special effects. Food and shopping are usual for Disney parks and we bought the 3 in 1 food pass. Lunch combo and dinner combo meals with a free ice pop or caramel corn and discount on a bottled drink. Works out in your favour. You can book these on the Hong Kong Disney website under dining.We ride Hyperspace and Ironman twice, saw 3 shows and did quite a few other rides, saw the night parade and fireworks by 9:30pm. They say this park is small but honestly I was more than happy with the size and rides experiences available and never felt bored or annoyed with lineups. Oh and my son got his birthday badge from city hall. The cast members really made him feel special all day. We will definitely be visiting again.
We enjoyed our family visit to Disneyland.Pros:  Excellent food court food, service and cleanliness.  Clean and spacious location.  Fast and friendly service.  The lines were not long (we visited on a weekday). Most ride wait times were 15 minutes with the maximum at 45 minutes (the scarier rides).Cons:   The park is a little dated.  The range of rides for older children is limited.I would visit again with younger children (or lovers of Disneyland).
My friend and I recently spent 2 days in Hong Kong Disneyland (HKD) and we loved it! The whole experience started with taking the train to HKD   really loved the whole Disneyland theme throughout the train, with Mickey Mouse shaped windows and cool golden statues of well loved Disney characters throughout the train. Even the train station carried through the magical theme.Loved the rides   my all time favourite was the  It's a small world  ride where you go on a boat ride through these amazing landscapes filled with singing and dancing dolls dressed in costumes from all over the world. Don't miss the parade of singing dolls that come through the clock face right in front of the ride (I think every hour on the hour). The song does stick in your mind after a while though :)There were so many magical rides, including the Dumbo ride which made you feel like you were flying, and the Mystic Manor ride with some pretty cool special effects. Don't miss the jungle boat ride as well. For the more adventurous people, they also had the more hairy rollercoaster ride, which was fun, with everyone screaming together! :) There was a bit of a wait for some of the more popular rides, but they weren't too long. Make sure you do bring along a bottle of water and a hat (or umbrella) though. I also really loved the Storybook Theatre and the Lion King show. These were like Broadway Musicals with all your well loved Disney friends. Superb shows with lots of singing, dancing and special effects which I really enjoyed. Really enjoyed the daily parade down Main Street, the night time parade as well as the fireworks at the end of the evening!When you get hungry, there were plenty of places to eat. We had special desserts in the shape of Olaf from Frozen and there were Mickey Mouse shaped waffles etc. Not cheap, but guess to be expected.We initially thought 2 days might be a bit much, but I think you do need that extra day to fully enjoy all that HKD had to offer (not to mention that you might want to experience your favourite rides more than once). Also, be aware that some of the parades might not be carried out depending on the weather (e.g. the special nighttime parade was cancelled the 2nd night we were there due to rain).HKD was such an awesome experience that until today, just thinking of our jaunt there still brings a happy smile to my face :) Fantastic experience for both adults and kids alike.
The first thing we wanted to do was meet some star wars characters so went there first and only had to wait a few minutes for each of them.As we were also visiting Ocean park on our trip to Hong Kong we decided at the start of the day that we would only do a few rides and I'm glad we made that decision before hand as the queues were long, about 45mins each for the couple we did. We spent the rest of the day meeting Micky and minnie, who are in more than one location at a time which I thought was great. Micky had a dance with my 7 year old which absolutely made her holiday and mine. We also met Tinker bell and rapunzel. We rode the train, went shopping,had a river tour saw a wonderful show and watched 2 parades. The night time one was lovely. I know some people think this is a small park but I thought it was so much better for being small, I personally had a much nicer time than at Florida Disney. I also found the metro really easy to use so getting to and from the park was really simple. if going in the hot season remember your umbrella for a bit of shade.
if i compare with Paris Disneyland , hong kong stands nowhere , comparatively small , however only one thing good about hongkong disneyland is shorter ques comparative to west
i've been here a few times, and enjoyed each of my visits. the parade is really beautiful, the staff is very friendly, the rides are thrilling. the ticket is quite expensive, but it's definitely worth it.
Had to wait on average 30mins for a ride.  Rides were on average 45 secs long.   If you love waiting in the stinking hot humid weather then this is the place for you.   For me, never again.  Kids were not overly impressed either.
They had an ongoing promotion of one day park ticket with a meal combo voucher for the same price. Available online, this was worth it. You have to redeem both the ticket and the meal voucher at their guest relations area. There was a still a lot of people considering it was a weekday but we had a relatively short waiting time for each of the rides except for the ones in Toy Story Land. Those had a waiting time of minimum 40mins. Overall we had a great time.
First day itself, we planned to visit Disneyland, it has lots of rides for all of the age groups, very crowded even on weekdays, we all enjoyed and children   s got an opportunity to meet their heroes and cartoon characters. We were not able to cover all attractions in the same day. All attractions had long queues with an average of 30 to 40 minutes of waiting. Lots of food joints and restaurants in the park. No need to buy water inside the park you can refill your water bottles from water dispensers located inside of the park..
A small fun place to go but not many rides.  A couple were really good but the rest not great.  Really easy to get too, the metro has it's own Disney train.
This is a great Place for Parents with young kids..Visit on a weekday as Weekends can be very crowded. Lots of rides to do with kids plus amazing shows to watch. Best rides to do are the Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars and The Space Mountain. Best Shows to watch are Festival of the Lion King at Adventureland and Mickey and the wondorous Book at Fantasy Land. Kids will surely love these Musical shows. Plus watch out for the Disney Parade which happens at 4pm everyday. Do wait till 9pm at the Park to watch the Disney Fireworks... Out and out a great Place to spend time and enjoy with kids....
Hong Kong Disneyland can be covered in a single day. Do enjoy the parade and fireworks at the end. The rides are good and kids can enjoy a lot
Spent several hours here after the passing of a typhoon.  The park was pretty empty and we were able to get on any ride we wanted with little to no wait.  This is the way to experience Disneyland!
We have some theme parks close to us at home better than this one for teenagers. It is great for smaller children. However the Lion King performance was by far the exception and was worth seeing on its own. Many food choices and easy access by train. For teenagers try Ocean Park.
I have been to 4 6 Disney parks in the world and I honestly had the best time at this one. It is like a miniature sized Magical Kingdom. Even the castle is small. I found it absolutely adorable. Surprisingly it wasn't crowded at all. Every ride was a 5 10 minute wait. We rode everything and most things at least twice in one day. I've never been able to watch a Disney parade or fireworks show and still maintain personal space like I did here. It was so nice to not have to rush to shows or attractions. There aren't as many rides as the American parks. But it does have a Star Wars version of Space Mountain and the Mystic Manor, a creative alternative to the Haunted Mansion. We bought our tickets online and they included a free meal voucher. The biggest drawback is that the park doesn't open until 1030.
HK Disneyland is a must see if you are travelling to HK. It will take a full day so do not be rushed. weekends are to be avoided but mid week is fantastic. Train is the way to get there
I grew up in the U.S. but now live in Hong Kong and was excited to see what this theme park is all about. Granted, it's Disney but for the size and price I don't really think it's worth it. I'd go for Ocean Park over this any day. Best time of year to visit would definitely be in the fall or winter and not the hot summer. I would suggest paying extra to get the fast pass at certain rides. Totally worth it and it tells you when to come back for no lines waiting! Of course it is going to be pricey because everything at Disney is.  Have an umbrella (weather can change immediately) sunscreen, hat, sunglasses stay hydrated wear comfortable shoes check to see what time park is open until (the day we arrived it was closing early for a special event!)
we went there on a very hot day, 32   to be exact. and some of us forgot a hat which was not a good idea! the rides, staff and service were excellent. highly efficient as Chinese tend to be. only reason why I didn't give it 5 stars was the food served at the place, as expected was really quite mediocre. otherwise, for those with young children holidaying in Hong Kong, it is an unmissable stop.
Disneyland Hong kong is probably not for kids but for everybody. It was a really a good experienced yesterday June 29 with friends.   I love the place. Amazing!!!!
Our family had a great day at Hong Kong Disney. We were a little spoiled by having visited Disney World in Orlando quite a few times, but it was still really fun to find Disney spreading joy in Asia! It was hot, but the people of Hong Kong were so nice and gracious, this is the quality was there in the rides, food, and entertainment. Definitely worth your time! Price quite a bit lower than Disney World too.
This place is just magical. Must see by tourists. It is quite compact compared to Ocean park. One can see everything provided one reaches Disneyland at 10:30 and then the parade starts at 8 pm. Fireworks at 9 pm.
Sure it's not as big as in the US but you can still have as much fun. This is a park for the whole family from the very small upto the very old where every one can enjoy the day. Plenty of places to see do eat and relax.
Just loved the whole experience of being in Disneyland. If you are an adventure lover, go for Grizzly Gulch ride, rides in ToyLand and Roller coaster ride in Tomorrow Land. I have small kids, they loved the Iron Man experience (3D stimulator ride) and FantasyLand. The parade and fireworks are not to be missed.
Visit on 25 June 2017 with my family. It is not public holiday in Hongkong, but the place was still crowded. I suppose it filled with overseas tourist, especially from Indonesia, since there was long public holiday in Indonesia. My brother purchased the tickets from Singapore.The location of the park is on Lantau Island. Near the Hongkong International Airport. You need to depart on Sunny Bay station if you ride with MTR and then continue with the special line to Disneyland Hongkong.The first thing that I noticed that the station, the train was decorated with Disney Theme, which is kind of improving the holiday mood. And then when the train arrive at the Disneyland station, the MTR announcer say   Have a magical day Alongside the road to the main entrance, there were lamp with poster of Iron Man and other Marvel character. As you may know, that Marvel already been purchased by Disney, which is obviously a great advantage because now Disney can incorporate the Marvel character to their ride, which it makes the Disneyland cooler and help them to step a little bit from their kid intended ride persona. I arrived early at 8 O'clock After exchanging the booking confirmation with ticket, we queued to get the bag check. There was already queued even when the park has not yet opened. The weather is bad, with all of sudden the rain come. You should bring umbrella or raincoat. So after the bag check we queue at the front entrance. It is opened at 9 O'clock but the queue were already long. It is not really pleasant queue since the weather was really hot. There was ( which I thought a VIP family) who granted to gain early access to the park. And the family were being accompanied by some girl staff, and some Disney character and started to take photo at some landmark spot, while we still waiting before the gate open to the common people. And then the gate opened finally, but we still cannot get inside to the main area ( where are the rides located) It is opened at 9.30. I thought that is the strategy so the guest forced to roaming around first at the shops. Of course we will enter the shop since that's the only place that could prevent you from the dead from the heat. The park itself it is not too big. The rides mostly intended for kid, with no high level thrilled rides. There is no roller coaster with loop for example or with corkscrew. My favourite ride were Hyperloop coaster and Iron Man. The food here were expensive. For one plate of fried rice will cost you around 100 HKD. Despite off the portion was quite big ( enough even for 3 persons). The drink even more expensive. But they provided with free drinking water fountain in the front of every restroom.We did not finish all day in here since the weather is really bad. Hot and suddenly rain come. Even at the parade, there was a moderate raining. Overall this park is good for kid, since most of the ride were designed to accommodate kids. But if you are a thrilled seeker maybe you will be disappointed. But still this place is good for photography.
HK Disneyland is just right to cover in one day... Fantasyland has all the classic fairytale Disney themed characters like dumbo , sleeping beauty castle , Carousel etc. Jungle river cruise , Tarzan's tree house are interesting. Mystic manor , Winnie the pooh , Small World are cute rides for young kids. Adults older teenagers will like fast paced rides like mine cars , RC racer. The hyperspace mountain rollercoaster ride and ironman experience are not to be missed.  food and drink inside the park are expensive no doubt! The facilities are well maintained. And yes , we missed the parade because it was cancelled due to inclement weather!
It was great fun, Rides were absolutely thrilling and the park is divided into 3 different sections. So whichever you want to do it's up to you to choose. One is not enough for the entire park. A Must visit if you are in Hong Kong. It's realist accessible.
We went here while on a short stop over to United States. Indeed the happiest place on earth!!!  ) Quite small compared to other Disney Park but the experience is still the same.
My family went to HK Disneyland with 3 young kids in tow.Pros   lines weren't so long given the heat  we stayed in a Disney hotel & the transport to the park system was very efficient Cons   I was nursing my sleeping baby in an air conditioned attraction while my kids learned to draw Disney characters. My baby fell asleep and I've requested if we could stay for a while after the session since any motion will wake her up & the heat outside was unbearable. The answer from the Disney staff was a flat no. So I had to leave with a tired baby in my arms & walk under the heat of the sun. I expected more compassion from Disney, being a family centered theme park.  Bland Chinese food from Maxim's (plus they charge for continents like soy sauce even if they serve dimsum)  Rude staff. I saw how a staff member was so rude to a certain race who was asking how much a drink cost. The staff got the price tag & slammed it in front of the customer. Appalling.I have been to most Disney resorts (except for the newest one in Shanghai) and I must say that HK Disneyland disappointed me during my recent trip.
A truly magical experience, where you can experience the shows that you loved when you're a child come to life. Be it Tarzan, Lion King and even Star Wars and Marvel. Loved my time here, despite the lack of thrilling roller coasters compared to Ocean Park, because of the atmosphere and the details put into the theme park. A must visit if you grew up with Disney.
Magic, adventure and the world   s favourite cast of characters await. Embark on a journey with magical adventures for all ages! Hong Kong Disneyland offers immersive and unforgettable experiences that cannot be missed.Experience the magic of Disneyland Hong KongEnter seven themed areas based on your favorite Disney moviesMeet Mickey Mouse and all your favorite Disney charactersSee live parades and firework displaysMarvel at Cinderella's CastleWatch Broadway style showsWe bought the ticket online for 1 days pass gave us enough time to visit all the attractions inside the resort! It was amazing. The rides were good as expected but due to the heavy crowd and hot weather, the park should provide more sheltered areas for people waiting for rides. For many rides, waiting in the hot sun was most uncomfortable especially for children.Though I was disappointed that there is no vegetarian shops available at all. So my whole family could not get any food because we are strictly vegan but we managed and prepared some sandwiches before we begin out journey to Disneyland.Hong Kong Disneyland website stated that Food may not be brought into the Park but at the security point, they allowed and said it's ok. Unbelievable!
The rides were good as expected but due to the heavy crowd and hot weather, the park should provide more sheltered areas for people waiting for rides. For many rides, waiting in the hot sun was most uncomfortable especially for children. Food options at the park is pretty good but very expensive which is expected. Service level needs to be improved as most staff don't even carry a smile on their face which is hardly representative of being  one of the happiest place on earth . Both parades and the fireworks are the highlights of the whole experience.
I believe that it is the most smallest park of Disney in the world. The equipment and facilities are still good condition. However, most of the facilities are only suitable for young kids only
Honestly maybe i'm just not a Disney fan. The small world ride low key creeped me out. The food was a tad bit over priced and tasted like microwave food.
Huge huge park, would recommend a whole day here. Highlights: hyperspace mountain, ironman experience, RC racer, mystic manor, parachute, and parades.Tips: 1. Download their app for interactive app. But u need mobile data. Don't rely on in park wifi. 2. Take free fastpass (each pax is only allowed one fast pass to queue for one ride at any point in time) first for the popular rides like iron man and Star Wars before queuing for other rides. You will end up only queuing for 5 mins or less in the fast pass queue.
Never been to a Disney before. Very impressive place. Certainly a full day's entertainment. Kids liked it ... as an adult I enjoyed it for their sake. Air conditioned shops pepper the landscape and draw in hot and sweaty punters. Then the relentless souvenir spending kicks in ! Just go with it. For some reason, I can't get  Holiday Road  out of my head.
All kids love Disneyland. This is smaller compared to other Disney places. The staff at the ticketing is very accommodating as i forgot to print my ticket but she was able to call us Asia Travel and get a copy. If you are bringing a little girl, be sure to dress her us like a princess for her to enjoy the place. The queue is long so you need to plan your trip. Dont go there during summer as the place is too hot, or be sure to bring a hat or umbrella and lots of drinking water. Food is expensive, so you can either bring fruits and sandwiches with you. You can watch the parade at the end and there;s a fireworks at 8:45pm. If you are going back to HK Central, you need to prepare for yourself as there are lots of people who will take the MRT.You can also book a hotel at Disney to enjoy the whole day tour.
Disney is synonymous of magic. I am not particular fond of theme parks or Disneyland, after taken my kids their, now adults, too many times. But I appreciate what the inheritors of Walt Disney vision have been able to achieve. No one can deny the global significance of Disney as a cultural symbol of American talent, creativity and command of the entertainment industry. As expected they have tried to translate that experience into a more local and regional  cultural dialect . That is why we have Disney parks in France, Tokyo, Hong Kong and so on. In the end when you visit those Disney parks in foreign lands you have a kind of split personality experience. You do not really know where you are and what you are watching. If you are from the USA or from a Western country, and traveling with your family, I strongly advise you to avoid Hong Kong Disneyland. Immerse your self in providing them with a real experience of a place that most probably they will not be visiting again soon. Taking them to Disney will just make them yearn for going back home and reduce their interest in experiencing the certainly much more confusing cultural landscape of this strange lands. Going to Disneyland is quick solution to keep the kids happy. But don't be fooled. It will replace the magic of discovery for the conventional and convenient magic they are used to. The problem in the end is that Disneyland is not Disney and its not China.
Amazing in all aspects, was crowded due to new year vacation but you can pay almost 6000 hong kong dollars for a special vip access and guide for 3 hours were you are treated like a king going to rides with No waiting and visiting all attractions!!
We arrived before 10am on a Friday and everything went smooth and fast. The queues for the rides were fast, did not wait long. Recommend to visit the place on cooler months as the scorching heat and at the same time rain somehow affects the whole experience. Decided to leave early as our pre schooler surprisingly wanted to go back to the hotel because of the heat, was not able to see the fireworks. We will definitely come back when the weather is better.
We went there late already 3pm, and we were stuck in Tomorrowland until the rest of the day. We spent entirely our time on the long queue , of course, with the stars of the land, photo op with Mickey and Minnie Mouse. But our son, even us, enjoyed the sites, the rides, the parade and lastly the fireworks. Just prepare your feet for a very long and briskly walk especially going back to the train station going back home, the station is crowded, be sure to get there first.
HK Disney is probably the most conveniently located of all Disneys in the world. A max of 45 min drive from anywhere in Hk. 15 min from the airport. Ideally located to be one of the best   if properly managed.It is also one of the newest   so one wld expect it to be in tip top condition.But frankly   my recent experience is somewhat disappointing.Price wise   it's not bad.We know it's small   comparing to other Disneys   so selection of rides is OK also. In fact for such a compact site, they have done well. The iron man experience was good.Problem is   staff there simply don't smile nor do they have the capability of making eye contact. They are simply not welcoming.It's a sad place. Very rude staff.To be more specific   their attitude to a lot of PRC visitors is simply unacceptable. Rude. Lack of patience. Bordering racist. Only PRC customers get that treatment. Note   I'm 100 pc HKer.Also   very disappointing that they didn't make clear at the time of purchasing ticket that a lot of the rides would be closed at 530 for private events. All in all   just v poor management and if i HK Govt helps out in any way financially, I am gutted as a Hk tax payer.
Went with my kids, 9 and 6 yo. I went with the expectations that it would be crowded and there will long queues. Because of this expectation, the trip to Disney was actually pleasant. Yes there were long queues and you must be prepared to wait in queue. We bought a 2 day pass to spread out the rides. The fast lane pass was given out at specific timings but I never got to queue for it. Average wait was about 10 15 mins. The food places were all generally crowded but with the expectations of crowd n queues, it was alright. Food was quite expensive but ok. I didn't stay at the Disney hotels so we took the MTR. It was convenient and efficient. I felt all the rides catered just nice for my kids at age 9 and 6. The souvenir shops were great but generally quite costly. Overall it was a good experience as both me and my kids loved the time there !
This is a small park that can be done in one day. The service and cleanliness is not on par of Tokyo Disneyland and DisneySea. The souvenirs and snacks are cheaper here and they have rides you wouldn't find at the other Disneys. Just don't expect happy and smiling attendants and you won't be disappointed.
My girlfriend has been pestering me for ages to go to Disneyland in Hong Kong and unfortunately the one day we were able to attend there was a typhoon (Typhoon Merbok) heading up through the South China Sea with a direct path to Hong Kong, so all of the outdoor rides were closed! :(Anyway, the indoor rides were all still operating, although the park was very busy despite the rain, presumably extra pressure was placed on the open facilities because the closed ones were unavailable. Adding to our disappointment is that the ticketing was not discounted and we were not made aware at the time we purchased the tickets that half the rides would not be operating.Regrettably, for fear of the ferries closing down we left early to return to Macau (apparently we were on the second last ferry to leave Hong Kong at 1530hrs that same afternoon) and so we did not get to experience the park in full, however, we shall definitely return next time we are in Hong Kong to experience Disneyland in full :)
I think it's everyone's dream to go to Disneyland regardless of age. We all have a child's heart even if we're too old for candies and what not. I got bored at first, but when we started to go inside the mystic house, winnie the pooh and many others that's when i started to love and can't get over it. Btw, a picture with minnie and mickey is a must
A great attraction for families of all ages. Hong Kong Disneyland is a much smaller attraction than the original one in Anaheim, CA. My only disappointment with this theme park is that it does not have the Splash Mountain, Pirates of the Caribbean and Thunder Mountain Railroad ride's, to name a few. However, you do get the same great feeling you get at the original Disneyland. Kudos to Hong Kong Disneyland for upholding Walt Disney's vision of bringing the  Happiest Place On Earth  to this city.
Love going to Hong Kong Disney and as I am a Magical Access member go regularly and never get bored. The character cast members are terrific and I am always engaged and surprised.Suggest visiting mid week as it is quieter and fewer queues as the weekends can be crowded.The food at the hotels is great. I tend to bring my own to the park as the restaurants there are overpriced and the food is fast and unhealthy. However, that is a small grumble compared to the delight and feel good of every visit to the park.
This was our third visit and we keep coming back. What a fun day, easy to access with MTR as all train lines are colour coded and mickey's ears are on directions in stations and on the train. Rides are fabulous and we found it wasn't too crowded due to the fact we visited midweek.
I can't fault this place, minimal queues, rides all working, lovely surroundings. The staff are friendly, and the patrons are not all trying to barge you out of the way. This Theme Park could be used as an example to EuroDisney especially
Pros: 1. Very short wait time compared to Shanghai Disneyland; 2. Most rides and shows are in English; 3. Staff understand English (even though some of them may not fully understand you so you would need to repeat sometimes)Cons: 1. Failure of using Disney Point: Using full palm is fine but I saw cast members using one finger point when assigning line at Tomorrowland; 2. Had some really old and cold food (the Indonesian seafood fried rice combo) at Tahitian Terrace; 3. The information from the cast member here may not be necessarily correct like that in the states: for example, I asked a cast member from PhilharMagic where does the evening parade start, and he told me it started from Main Street USA which was incorrect and totally the opposite. 4. Didn't see a lot of  Disney Scoop  and saw some trash during non parade fireworks time. 5. Saw several cast members using cell phone on stage.Other thoughts: overall the cast members' energy and smile are better than those from SHDR and more responsive in general, while SHDR focuses more on Disney Point and trash free environment. It's a bummer that there's no Downtown Disney in HK. Must dos if you're a cast member from the states: Iron Man Experience   a Star Tours like ride that is about Iron Man and Hong Kong, really unique and amazingMystic Manor   A slow moving ride that is similar to Haunted Mansion with a different story settingRC Racer   just do itFestival of Lion King   more singing and less dancing compared to the one in Animal Kingdom. The show is really goodAlso: check out the deals and promos of ticket online and download the app before you go(The pic attached was taken in the evening around 8 inside a store in Adventureland where it was not busy and the cast members were around)
Better than i could have imagined... we stayed in the hotel close by which made it easy to walk back to hotel when the kids needed a rest. The breakfasts and dinners at the hotel with all the Disney characters didn't disappoint .. thank you Disney
During our recent tour of Hong Kong, we had limited time and had to choose between different tourist attractions. Finally, we zeroed in on Disney Land and bought tickets for the same. Being senior citizens, we had our apprehensions   whether we would find it enjoyable. But, the experience turned out to be quite amazing and all credit to the organizers for having created such a customer friendly entertainment phenomenon! The area is nicely divided into different themes and we managed to visit all of them and took a few thrilling rides. It was a working day and the crowds were reasonable. The opening and closing parades   processions were most enjoyable and the fireworks at 8.30 in the night was the crowning glory of the tour. Highly recommended to all visitors to Hong Kong!
My family enjoyed a fun filled visit to Kong Kong Disneyland during our stay in this great city. Our four year old grandson especially had the time of his life. He is a very enthusiastic Iron Man fan so he especially enjoyed  flying  with Iron Man. While considerably smaller than the Orlando Disney World, Hong Kong Disneyland is still a great time for children of all ages (including me, and I'm 63!).
Plan a whole day there. It's a lovely place with a number of different activities Rio do throughout the day. Items or say souvenirs are little expensive but all the inside shoes are included in the entry ticket. Amazing experience for children. A must visit for all. Also remember to see the parade and the fire works.
Made a quick plan and visited Hong Kong plus explore Disney Park. Was amazing and kids geared up with excitement. Stay in this theme hotel was a worth as kids had a real fun time with Mickey & team..Experience was amazing..
This is one of the smallest amusement park of Disney but was wonderful. We spent entire day there in the Park and was not sufficient. A two day tour can be a good choice.Food is limited in options and for Veggies it is rare so be prepared.Kids and elders enjoyed the park fully. Multiple rides, roller coasters are too good to enjoy.I would visit again with family for sure.
Having already arrived without any expectation, we were even more disappointed by the quality of their best rides. All of us were over 20 yo so we had targeted rides with height warnings such as Iron Man Experience, Grizzly Gulch, Speed Racer, and Hyperspace Mountain etc. Iron Man was the most disappointing of them all, as the '4DX' movie was too short, had an unimaginative storyline and was by far the worst disney ride. Hyperspace Mountain had been bought by Star Wars and its opening tune as we rode into pitch black was exciting and familiar. The ride was probably the best one and we went on it 3 times, but the lighting wasnt perhaps too bright and we could see some of the roller coaster's structure, which sort of ruined the  space illusion , unlike the one in Paris. Grizzly Gulch, an outdoor coaster, was also graced by our bums 3 times as well. To be fair, there was nothing wrong with the ride (it even had a surprise factor) however we were used to the likes of alton towers and our experienced and wise selves craved a higher thrill factor. Brownie points: great dim sum restaurant (presented by Maxim's) at number 7 on the map. The churros sold at stores dotted around the park were also spot on and brought back childhood memories.
could do with more diaper changing and nursing facilities. there's none in the ladies at various attraction and nursing room is only at main street. food standard can also improve
Took the Grandkids to Disneyland and they loved it. It is smaller than Anaheim (LA) so t was perfect for Mr 3 & Mr 1   . The Disneyland Hotel was very very pretty.
The park was much better than expected. I think it's a great for all ages, everyone has something to do. The live shows were not magical as those of the US Disneylands
Highly recommend visiting Hong Kong Disneyland as it just brings joy and happiness to you around every corner.   The lines to rides flowed well and the employees were super friendly.
The park is kinda small but everything is well maintained. It was a rainy day when we went to the park and the lines were short, never had to queue more than ten minutes for any ride. My 5 year old daughter enjoyed her time there and played everything she wanted. The Wonderous Book show was interesting and the Lion King show was good too. But there was no parade in the evening due to the rain.
I went during the rainy season and it was not busy. The prices were decent for items and it was an easy access from the city. The subway there was cool because it was strictly designed for this park. It was small but had everything a normal amusement park has. It is cheaper than the Disneyland in Japan and Shanghai. It also wasn't as busy as those parks. This was probably due to the rain. It is cheaper to book online and save the ticket in your phone. You can go directly in using the picture of the barcode.
It was the day after Tropical Cyclone Merbok, Storm signal 3. Before entering the theme park, the crew asked if I would want to consider returning another day or to proceed as some of the outdoor rides will be closed due to rain & park may be closed if weather decide to turn for worse. We thank her, went in nonetheless and there were the initial 30 minute queue to meet Mickey & Minnie at Town Square but there were quite a number of crew members helping out, speeding up the process to wait in the rain. Crew inside Main Street Corner Cafe provided impeccable service (fetching me a glass of warm water as I was feeling cold) and food was delicious (Singapore Laksa tasted better than what we have in Katong). The attraction queues for rides were extremely short and we only had to wait a maximum of 10 mins at most for some. We took a total 13 rides   meet & greet. The park was clean and my children had a blast. It was a pity that most of the street entertainment had to be cancelled in the day due to rain but when night falls & rain stopped, the Nighttime Spectacular  Disney Paint the Night  &  Disney In the Stars  Fireworks were absolutely wonderful! The crew's hardwork paid off as they brought smiles to my children.
Disneyland was a trip that we were planning to have for quite some time now. The ride to Disneyland (Disney train from Sunny Bay), itself is exciting. The park staff was polite and very helpful with information and directions. I think if you need to really take your time and enjoy, you perhaps need two days. Luckily, they had an offer for two day entry at a marginally higher price. We were happy we took that offer. On weekdays, the crowds especially in the morning around 1030 hrs or so is not too much. However, if you book in advance, you can go straight to the turnstiles and get your passes. The rides and all the attractions that we visited were wonderful and well organized. We were tired by late afternoon and returned to our hotel in the city. Regret that we could not see the evening parade and fireworks. Perhaps staying in the Disney resort may be a better idea, if one can afford.
We have a toddler and we wernt sure if this would be a park for him... we where pleasantly surprised as he could do most of the rides.. just a fair warning look at the map as some rides seem ok for kids as you enter the ride.. height was our bench mark but one of the rides has an exclamation mark on the map that indicated not for kids... little did we know as we took our toddler on a haunted house ride as at the entrance it wasnt mentioned... Ouch   but we are partly to blame...
It rained the first half of the day but lines were short all day!  The park was clean and the staff was amazing!!  We had 19 kids with us and had a blast. It's much smaller than the states, but you can get around quickly.
This was my second visit. The first one was in Feb 2007. The attractions are old IMHO. USS Singapore is better in my opinion.
Lots of Disney characters and lots of shows for the kids. A bit disappointed as we were caught in the typhoon and the park was closed early. But the kids enjoyed the shows! It was great fun. The pooh ride as well as the Toy story ride was great fun for the kids!
If you have small children then HK Disney is probably worth a visit, but if you have seen the LA and Orlando versions, then perhaps don't bother. HK Disney is just as slick, but it's about 1 4 of the size and the rides   attractions are limited. Cost is quite high. Entry is about $100 Australian Dollars ($75 USD) and food onsite is pricey too. I'm not sorry I went, sure I had fun but as an adult it was all over for me in less than 3 hours.
Visiting Disney Land was the main reason why we decided to visit HK in the first place...and it didnt disappoint!.From Kowloon we traveled to Disney by the MRT. We realised one doesnt need organised tours at all. That way you can spend as much time at any part of Disney you cnhoose. You are not time bound.we decided to travel in June (altho very very HOT) as most of the holiday crowd wud be gone and we were right. We didnt have to wait too long in lines at any of the rides. The 4D theater is an experience by itself. The beautifully done up colorful Disney float parade in the evening brings about a carnival like experience that takes to to another zone in your mind. very enjoyable. we had a wonderful day at Disney....with so much to do there, we left at 5:30 in the evening!!! There are quite a few eateries restaurants. Would have been nicer if they werent so expensive. But i guess those are  disney prices ...Wonderful funfilled day, whether an adult or child, this ones a MUST DO in HK!! Enjoy!
So I'm comparing this park to the one in California and it just doesn't come close. It is so much smaller and just doesn't have many rides. It's pretty and definitely clean but just lacking in attractions. I'm not sure if they plan on adding more, the park is not new. We went to Ocean Park a couple of years ago and that was much more fun.
This is a place which takes you to a magical journey into the world of Disney Characters! Both adults and kids have ample opportunity to enjoy.Few essentials to remember while planning your trip:1. If you are a first time visitor, especially with kids, plan for 2 days and 1 night. This will be comfortable itinerary to exlpore the park at leisure, without rushing through the attractions2. Plan overnight stay at one of the 3 Disney hotels near the Park, since the park is an hour to 90 minutes away from central island or Kowloon and it can be tiring journey back in the night3. Take a 2 day pass at discounted rates4. Not too many vegetarian options in the park. Carry your own supplies if you canFirst and foremost, there are 2 parades in the park , one at 1:30 pm and the other at 7:30 pm followed by night firework display. Both are not to be missed! Try to reach the central parade venue 30 minutes before parade timings to get a vanatge view.The enitre park is divided into 7 zones as follows:a) Toy story Land   rides for adults and kids. Parachute Drop and RC racer are more exciting than the othersb) Mystic Point   Mystic Manor is nice journey in an old Manor on a electro magnetic cartc) Grizzly Gulch   Mine Train is exciting and Geyser Gulch in uniqued) Adventureland   Don't miss the absolutely amazing Lion King Show and kid friendly Jungle River Cruise. Kids will enjoy Tarzan's Treehousee) Fantasyland   Has some wonderful shows which the entire family can enjoy.  It's a small World ,  Mickey Philarmagic ,  Mickey and the Wonderous Book ,  Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh  are simply wonderfulf) Tomorrowland   Futuristic Rides, especially for older kids and adults.  Hyperspace Mountain  is one of the best rides not to be missed. Also try  Orbitron  and  Buzz Year Astroblasters  for fung) Main USA Street   Nothing much to see except an animation theatre and shopsAbove are based on our experience and not a guide.Enjoy your visit
Our stay and time in the park was great. It admittedly had the  Disney Prices  but what can you expect from the Mouse and his friends? The food was very good in the Hotel and the Park. All of the staff was very helpful and everyone we encountered spoke English. The Little Woman and I are thinking of ditching the kids and heading back this summer.
Although the overall area is not as big as some other disney land parks but I would still recommend to take the 2 day ticket specially if you want to cover all the attractions shows and also take pics with the characters. Would recommend to download the disneyland app so that you are updated on the show timings and the availability of characters in different areas at different times. Ofcourse do not miss the light and fire crackers show at the end of the day. Almost all the restaurants offer atleast 1 meal   menu option in vegetarian.
Hong Kong experience will never be complete without visiting Disneyland, especially if it's your first time in HK. The attraction has various rides that caters to all ages although some rides are not for the faint of heart (talk about wasting an hour to sleep due to nausea :( ) Nevertheless, Disneyland evoked a lot of happy memories of my childhood. Be sure not to miss the fireworks before the park closes. It's a must see!!! The fireworks show is enough to make all spectators go  wooooooow  in unison!It would be best to visit in the morning so you will have the entire day to explore the attractions. Just make sure you bring your own ponchos (raincoat) just in case it rains. I tell you, the park sells it at a ridiculous price. About the food, it is also pricey. I recommend you allot at least HKD120 to be on the safe side.
We have an 8 year old who would find a lot of the rides a bit boring. We focused on the rides with  big drops  (see HK DLand website)    Grizzly, Hyperspace, RC Racer, and Iron Man    and they were all fun rides. We rode the Grizzly 5 times, as the wait was less than 5 minutes (lucky considering it was a Sunday afternoon?). We also rode the Toy Soldier Parachute drop, which was fun, but way too short (less than 60 seconds) considering the long wait (25 minutes). There are 2 parades everyday    one at 3pm and one at 7:30pm. They are different, and both are fun to watch.Two things I would recommend everyone do. One, get the HK Disneyland app on your smartphone. It shows the wait time on each ride, so it helps planning on which ride to go to next. Two, eat before or after your visit, and bring a big bottle of water. I did not think the food was that great, and things are pricey inside the park.
I have no doubt it would have been great if we had weather hadnt been so bad. Everything was rained off including the parades. Dont waste your time or money if the weather is bad.Also, the place isnt that big so do not go at 9am because there wont be enough to do until the shows at 8pm. Would recommend going around 2pm.
My first time in Hong Kong, I wasnt able to enter Disney it was in 2011 with my sister. The second time around I was with my husband in 2016, and that time we went inside Disneyland. We were both in awe. Its truly magical. We were like living in our childhood dreams. It was my husband's birthday, and good timing the 10th anniversary of Disneyland Hongkong. I would never forget the fun we had, and the happiness we shared. And most especially the look in my husband's face when he witness the fireworks. His captivated and almost in tears. He said coming to Disneyland was the best birthday he ever had and still is.
As expected, disney has full of excitement but during our visit, it was very hot. I would suggest that if you intend to visit during month of June, bring at least 2 extra shirts, fan, towel and lots of bottled water. The resto inside is very expensive, better eat in their messhall, more choices of food and 20% cheaper than in a specialty resto. After lunch visit till closing is the best time to go there.
We spent our daughters 14th birthday here! The parade at 3.30pm was wonderful! We went on rides and there was plenty to see and do
In Hong Kong the whole park revolves around disney merchandising.You'll find an endless serie of similar shops selling all sort of toys and (mostly useless) gimmicks.The rollercoasters seem to target far younger crowds than else in the world, or better, they are family focused, with exhausted adults wearing disney outfits enduring infinite lines with children on tail. Even if I have nothing against it, I was expecting some more excitement for millennials and grown up kids, like you can find in Tokyo for example.Surely a missed opportunity.
One of the most beautiful experiences of Hong Kong visit, Disneyland is a must visit. It should not be missed as it has something for everyone. A good idea is to take the train ride of the park first as it gives an overall perspective of the park.Comfy shoes are a must. Also do carry water bottles as the ones sold in the park are very expensive. Take five minutes to plan your visit around the park with the help of the map. (You could visit the website and check out the rides and the areas that thrill you the most)It may be the a smaller Disneyland when compared to Florida, but the positive is you can finish it completely in one day.
My 2nd time in Disney HK. The new attraction Iron Man Experience fell short of my expectations. I don't know but the ride not excite me enough. There were not a lot of people when we went so lines are shorter. We watched 2 parades the one around lunch and the one in the afternoon. Both parades are short now. I think I remember the parades before were longer. We did not stay for the fireworks and evening parade. There were not a lot of character sightings also for picture taking. The only character we were able to take pictures with are BB8 and Chewbacca. We did not see the other characters. I still love Disney despite all this. Just wish that they could make the characters come out more for picture taking since there are a lot of Disney characters anyway so they can just rotate. I would have loved to meet the characters again.
Of course we enjoyed Disneyland. You don't have to be a kid! From the themed train ride from the MTR at Sunny Bay ( a must) and the grand entrance of wide streets, gardens fountain etc, to the park itself, it's just a fun day. It is more kid orientated, a much smaller park than most, less adult roller coaster rides, but who doesn't like going to Disneyland. It's a small world ride still a lovely entertaining experience, though it takes hours to get the song out of your head. As usual always spotlessly clean! Only time we saw the real Disney characters were in the main entrance area, think maybe more Mickey Minnie etc appearances could be made. Tip, avoid the weekend if possible. And be aware, u line up for the Disney train in the park, but they only let u go one stop. We expected to be able to do a circuit, after waiting so long. But came away with ears with our name on it..... so we happy!
We've stayed in Disneyland Hong Kong Resort therefore it's very near to this park. The area is smaller from the park in other countries but very convenient and suitable for a day trip which you don't need to spend a lot of time for walking between each theme stations. We've stayed for the whole day until evening.
Truly the happiest place on earth! Best time to arrive during the opening hours to be able to breeze through queues on attractions and rides. The newest Iron Man attraction is one of a kind! The parades are spectacular, and the fireworks just magnificent! Disneyland will awaken the kid in you!
We made a last minute decision to visit HK Disneyland and am very glad we did. It's much smaller than Disneyland and Disney World but absolutely beautiful in its own way. Mystic Manor is their newest attraction along with Iron Man and they are a must do. We enjoyed about 5 1 2 hours here and would recommend it.
The standard by Disneyland never fade. I was there 10 years ago and the quality of service and places still remains as good as new. A must go theme park in hongkong.
One check off my bucket list.  Hong kong Disneyland brings us to a different world.  It is family friendly but be ready to walk long distances.   Best attractions for me is starwars and mystic manor.
Absolutely wonderful experience at Disney Land in Hong Kong. My one piece of advice is drink lots of water and bring a change of clothes for the kids and yourself because it's quite a journey to get to Disney Land and it's humid so you go from sweating and wet to aircon in the taxi, bus or train... Enjoy xx
We are a group of 5, 3 adults and 2 kids. Stayed at Kingdom Club. Wonderful service by staff in most places in its Hotel and Park. Dining with Characters was an organised one as the staff made sure Mickey, Minne, Pluto and Goofy visited every table. Well done for this. Kingdom Club was good for those with high budget, for 3 days 2 nights was about SGD4000. Room wise, except for 30 over bed bites on my legs and my sister's legs in Disneyland hotel bed near to the curtain, overall furnishings were quite old. Facilities were alright since most of the time, we were at the Park. We made two leisure walks from Disneyland back to hotel, time was about 15mins, we liked it and would do that again. Park experience, overall good except a few grumbling young ladies who were selling the ice cream and popcorns etc mobile booth outside TomorrowLand, probably due to hot weather. They shouted at the customers to queue up when there was no queue line in sight unlike other mobile booths. Waits for rides were about 45mins to 80mins. We had fast pass so not too bad for us.
June is HOT HOT HOT so dress for the heat and humidity. Be sure to take lots of sunscreen and a hat. Toy Story has no shade so take the little ones there early otherwise it's just too hot in the summer! The park is well laid out and most of the staff speak English. The light parade and fireworks are great so be sure to stay and enjoy them. We spent 10 hours there and only saw 4 characters which was very disappointing.
According to 2 hour's research, Klook is as cheap as tickets get. Used Klook for meal passes too, which was a bargain (but one meal for 6 was STILL US$80!! And the food at Tomorrowland was the worst we've had anywhere in Southeast Asia). But, we had fun and blowing some US$450 in a day did fulfill the kids' wishes. They really did enjoy it, and so did we. Disney really should keep all attractions open till closing; it's very frustrating (and rip offy) to close some things a couple hours early. Iron Man was the best attraction, though Hyperspace Mountain was a kick. What most surprised me was what I didn't see: no one was going potty in the water fountain, no one was blowing smoke in kids' faces, no one was pushing or shoving, despite the many TripAdvisor reviews describing such atrocities. To the contrary, people were calm and considerate! Maybe it was because we went on a weekday.
Don't let the staff there unhappy;otherwise,he will put your baby stroller to the place with the strong sunlight intendedly when you're enjoying the attraction ,and  make your baby sitting in the hottest strollers which he takes it as a revenge to you!
This is surely an over hyped place. The area is very small if you compare with other places. Rides are very few (especially for those who are  12 years) and place is more of a selling Disney merchandise than a theme park. Strictly for kids who are small and are still fascinated by watching cartoon characters.
It's not so big so one day is more than enough. No scary games, and waiting in queue is long while time of playing on games is so short. Food and drinks are so expensive. The whole park's buildings and events are good and nice. The fireworks everynight is amazing.
This place is vast....the emphasis being on vast. It's divided into various sections. You can easily take the information map near the entrance counter and proceed accordingly. It is very well laid out and the rides and shows a great fun. However, it is extremely expensive and a water bottle costs somewhere between 25   30 HKD .You can easily eat an Indian combo meal at the Explorers club restaurant . Disneyland is well maintained and a must visit for the families. The night time parade is an absolute treat to watch .We got a chance to view the afternoon parade too. This too was great fun. If you are a thrill seeker do not miss hyperspace mountain ride. All in all a great family destination.
We've been to the Cali and Fla locations so heading here you'd find less. It's fun for the kids but for some strange reason the lines beefed up on Tuesday. It was unbearably hot this time of year. The food was so so at the park. The smiles and laughter though we're fantastic.
This is a great disneyland to visit for Asian travelllers. The rides are great and the overall experience is amazing. The kids enjoyed it a lot and some of the rides were great for the adults too.The food and souvenirs are a bit on the expensive side. Pick a weekday to visit to avoid long queues. Do stay till the end for the parade and the fireworks show.
The hotel is nice, although not many activities for children, you simply stay there and enjoy the room. You have to eat in the hotel, which is very expensive. Went swimming with the kids, and get bitten by fleas in the garden (about 50 bites). It took me 2 weeks to heal. I had a week of unbearable suffering of itchiness.
This was our main reason for the trip as it was cheaper to go there than back to America. Disneyland HK is smaller than the usa one but we had a great time there. One day was enough to see everything where in America you need 2 or 3 days. We were there for the Springtime parade which was great. Staff were excellent and it was a fun filled day
Based on other travellers' reviews, there are several things I can affirm. The meal coupons are really cost saving. The wait for the rides in June was short as there weren't very much visitors. BUT the heat can easily cause sun burn. There isn't very much cooling places to escape from, not very much seating for the elderly. You MUST look out for water coolers to refill your bottles. Other than that, it was a great experience.
Kids go crazy here!! Plenty of restaurants & snack stalls. A good place to spend your day with family. Lots of shopping as well.  What I liked   Iron Man 4D shows.
We spent two days at Disney due to the age of our children but one days would probably be enough if you didnt have kids. Disney is just about perfect and they have thought of everything to ensure your visit is memorable and fun. The rides were all great, the staff were friendly and accomodating. Also if you ask the staff, a lot of them carry stickers for the kids and this became a fun game in itself. We ended up with so many different stickers. It is is course not cheap but it was well worth the expense.
We   ve been to Disneyland in Anaheim, Orlando, Shanghai and now Hong Kong. Hong Kong Disney is the smallest Disney but it was still magical and far superior to the Disney in Shanghai. We went during the weekday and I   m not kidding, the wait times were absolutely the shortest in any park. I   m not saying it would be like that on the weekend nor would I even want to try but for our visit the lines were amazingly short; 5 10 minute line for each ride. That allowed us to relax and enjoy the park. The staff was amazing and unfriendly, unlike the grouches over in Shanghai. The shows were excellent and lively. It was truly an amazing experience. If you are in China Hong Kong and had to choose between Disney in Shanghai or Disney my recommendation is obviously Hong Kong where it is indeed magical!
This is a place where parent become child again .. children go into their wonderlands.. grandparents can't be more happier watching their children .. the cameras work extra hours.. and life becomes so good to be true .. and when this dream breaks only when u return to the Morden city of HongKong .. a must go should spend atleast 11 hours starts at 10:30 am to 9:30 pm with parade , fireworks and photographs with yur fav characters and amazing food and jolly good rides
Very enjoyable visit. Daughter had so much fun. Shows were great. Mickey & Minnie photo opportunity limited. Didn't get to catch one due to long queue. Iron Man ride was good (but Transformers @ Universal Studio was way much better). Staffs were friendly. Fireworks at the end is a must see. Not enough feature of Elsa & Anna despite Frozen being one of the more successful animation in recent times. Variety of Disney characters rather limited. Maybe due to the summer heat wave. Plan ahead to tackle certain rides shows (instead of follow the flow of theme attractions) you can always go back to the one you missed towards evening.
A must one time visit for the kids to enjoy.   Crowded on weekends, and wait times for rides can take much time.   Different food options at a higher price.   Overall a must visit with family.
Our visit to HK Disneyland was amazing. The cast members are really friendly and they provide really good service. The quality of the rides are really good compared to Disneyland Paris which we visited 2 years ago. The live show performances are a must watch! :)If you are a Pandora fan like me, you must visit the Pandora store! It's really beautiful! And of course, you can get your HK Disneyland Exclusive Pandora and Disneyland Parks Exclusive Pandora! There are 2 parades; one in the day and the other at night. The night parade is really creative. After the night parade, don't leave so soon as there will be fireworks at the Sleeping Beauty Castle. I would say that we truly had a magical day in HK Disneyland.
This park was recently remodeled and they did an awesome job. The Toy Story land is the absolute cutest! We loved this park so much more than the one in Shanghai. Castle is very small. Park was not packed at all on a Friday, we never waited over 10 minutes for a ride.
Went 12 years ago and loved this trip even more. Everything is so well maintained and well run. We all had a wonderful day with so many varied experiences. An all day outing with the only negative being the unhealthy food.
This was my 2nd time going to HK Disneyland. The first time i came with friends. The 2nd time with family.I just realized that HK Disneyland was made for children! The park has easy access for strollers. The baby changing room was clean and has a lot of breasfeeding room on it.One thing i LOVE about HK Disneyland is the fireworks!
one of the best tourist attraction in Hongkong. There are lot of Disney characters, to take pictures. better to go early in the morning to avoid any queues. after 12 noon it is getting really crowded and long queues. it is about 20 minutes from airport to Disneyland, from taxi. Pretty amazing experience.
This is my fourth Disney and my first out side of the 'west', I was very impressed, the park was spotless, well organised and we had a great timeIt is not the biggest example, about on a par with euro Disney, excluding the MGM studiosOpen from 10:00  20:45 and reasonably priced at   60 for adults and   40 for children (approximately). It is a very good day outThere is direct access from Hong Kong's efficient metro system via a special Disney train straight to the plaza prior to the entrance
It was the first disneyland I visited and what a place... I was so mesmerised with the beauty of the place.... Though it was tiring and the place offers no vegetarian joints.... but the beauty of the place was beyond compare... Would surely love to visit again... :)
It's one of the best attractions of Hong Kong that requires you to spend at least the entire day there. The experience begins as soon as you reach Sunny Bay MTR. The train to Disneyland is fitted with everything iconic about Disney, including the windows!The entire theme park is super clean and it opens as early at 10am as a preview. The rides cater to both adults and children. Spend time and explore. The new ride for Ironman is superb, though the StarWars attraction was a little under developed for such a rich franchise. One thing to note for adults is the lack of coffee throughout the theme park. Lunchtime crowds can be very challenging on your patience. End your day at the souvenir shops and not at the beginning. Else you will have to lug all your gifts on gravity defying rides. Stay for the parade that starts at 8pm and only leave after the nightly fireworks. It's worth it all! Enjoy!
Lived up to expectation. Like your in a fairy tale. Disney characters all around the area but you need to fall in line to grab a picture with them. Lucky to watch 3 parades set that day. the usual parade, spring parade & night parade. There are different rides for all ages. We manage to ride almost everything that day compare when we first came here. We decided to go mid week to avoid congestion of tourist and that was a good decision. The place is huge so make sure to be there from its opening time to cover as much as you can. The food is quite expensive as expected. Also dont miss the much awaited fire works display as finale.
Disneyland is cute and exiting for kids with it's theme which is visible anywhere you look, but the only thing is that their height limits are kinda high compared to Universal studios in Singapore for example. Our 3 year old daughter who loves fast rollercoasters, didn't get to go on a single one, because she was 104 cm when the minimum height was more to some attractions. But she only complained for a minute and enjoyed every second in the other attractions for smaller kids, since they were so good and beautiful made. We saw a 30 minute musical about Lion king which was wonderful, and just a perfect little time for a 3 year old to hang on to. In the evening when Disneyland closed, a firework began behind the Disney castle. I was very impressed myself even if I'm 28 years old. That was definitely everything but a fiasco. The disney stores in the theme park are very crowded before closing so make sure you buy your souvenirs during the day time to avoid long lines. We went to Ocean park too. If you can't deside eather you should go to disneyland or ocean park, we definitely recommend disneyland. It's better, even for adults and I'm not a huge disney fan or anything.
For the Name Disneyland, this place falls short on expectations. Rides like Winnie the Poo was a disappointment. Except for a few ones like the Iron Man, the 3D Show & the Indoor roller coaster, rest of which were pretty much ordinary. Overpriced food and rude agents keeps them going. No sign of disneyland's experience...Felt Sad..
If you are an Indian and a lover of Disney, the easiest and economically best is Hong Kong Disneyland. The Disney theme music playing constantly in the area and the attractions will make your dream come true.The best part were the magnificent Disney theater show.Food was an issue as there were not any options for vegetarian except fries, but you can carry small eatables inside the park.The train journey is an experience in itself. Be there early morning to avoid the crowd and waiting time for rides.
Small place and lots of people, Have to line everywhere and every programme...But people were happy, a magic place worth to go...
Best for kids under tge age of 14. Not for adults or even teens. Not too many restaurant options. It's really not worth it. Just like any other theme park. The only thing worth was this magnificent Disney theatre show.
Disney is magical. It's hard to give anything less than 100 100 because Disney is magical and magic comes with a price. I wish food was cheaper but still, Disney is magical.
if you are a big fan of disney, you have to visit HK disneyland. Although the rides are not very challenging comparing to other disneyland, but it's still is nice. Tip: be sure to go early and pre book your entrance ticket and meal online :) save the hassle. Also, don't waste time lining up to take picture with the disney mascots. Be sure to ride all the rides first
Saw many kids here have their eyes sparkling with everything.Also saw many adult here have the sparkling eyes and laugh easier.Good place to visit as the family and a group of friend, so much fun with all the show they have.Long wait for the line even we do visit on week day though.
I love Disney parks, I have been in 4 already and I have to say this one was really disappointing, it is very small and all the attractions are for kids, I tried all the  fast  roller coasters and I didn't like them. I went on a Friday and it was pretty empty so it was easy to go to the attractions, without the lines. The parade was very good as in every Disney park. And the area of pandora is like being in the princess movie, I really recommend it. I really like the metro station that you can take to get into the park, it is very cheap and comfortable. (Pink line)
As a family we absolutely loved Disney we got the 2 day pass. We where able to take our time first day there where no lines maxim wait was 5 minutes. The park is very clean and well laid out. Shopping was great. The second day we arrived later lines where a little longer but nothing over 20mins . The Lion King show, the fire works & night parade where AMAZING. All the actors always put 110% into their characters. Food was great a little pricey but thats like most at these establishments. The train ride to the park was great the train has lovely mickey windows and handles. GREAT day would recommend a visit
We had the most wonderful time! The staff is awesome the park is clean and the food was great. I would recommend and we will be back!
It's not our first Disneyland visit and it is in fact one of the smaller one we visited but visiting with Kids is an all new ball game together.. Plus: Adequate stroller parking areas, kid friendly restaurants, wide spread of food available, good English speaking staff aroundMinus: character meet and greet schedules are mysteriously hard to find for us. We knew the Springtime Carnival and the fireworks timing (who doesn't?) but character meet and greet is like a hit or miss. Still crowded, wondering if visiting in Winter will help.
I'm trying to visit all of the Disney parks in the world and Hong Kong Disneyland was definitely a go to place on my recent trip to Asia! I had heard from friends that is a small park, which it is but it is definitely worthwhile and has plenty to do for the day! There are many common rides like it's a small world and the Winnie the Pooh ride however, there are some rides such as Mystic Manor and the Iron Man experience that are only in HK!The park is also possibly one of the cheaper ones of the world, the ticket itself is around   60 and you can get meals for about   10. Parking is around   20 for the day.Do stay for the fireworks as they are lovely!
I didn't actually know there was a Disneyland in HK until we got there. I have been to the Disney in Orlando and California, and while there obviously there are way more attractions in Orlando, I would compare this park to the one in California. Prices are comparable to the other Disney parks. I went in May and was surprised to see the lines to get on rides were less than 20 minutes to get on. We did not wait longer than that for every ride, so we were able to go on all the large rides in a morning! (We are in our 30s, so did not go on the kids rides, however would have had time if we wanted to.) Over all fun visit   if you are looking to do something fun in HK!
The entrance and facilities , crowd control , ticket facility, commuting is well planned and appreciable. Inside the park the sections and it's details for all categories of ages are well planned and well maintained.  The parade and fireworks is a world class feature worth going for again n again. Kids will enjoy and thank their parents for the visit.  The food stalls and it's contents should be planned for all types of crowd as people around the world visit this park to enjoy.All types of cusines can be included in menu as far as possible.  Soveniour stalls are appreciable. Overall a classic place . Visit worth remembering for a lifetime.
I was interested to see how Hong Kong Disneyland compared with the parks in Orlando and Paris. I wasn't disappointed. I visited on a Thursday as having read many reviews I wanted to avoid the weekend when more local guests visit. I also opted for a Disney Dining package to cut down on costs. Travelled to the park using MTR from Hong Kong via Sunny Bay. Ordered tickets online and picked up at  Magic  collection booths to avoid queues. First off it's small, compared to WDW in Orlando it's tiny and even compared to Paris it's small. That said everything is really accessible, you can criss cross the park easily and I would say 1 day is more than enough to take in the major attractions and shows. If you do have small ones then maybe 2 days would be needed as it can get hot and the queues tend to be for the Fantasy land rides of which only the Winnie the Pooh ride has FastPass.Whilst I was there many of the food outlets were closed so I was restricted using my food vouchers, however there were 4 5 places I could use them. The food options are varied with both Western and Oriental options. Prices vary from HK$95 for a burger combo to HK$159 for a mixed grill combo. There are side dishes available too for uner HK$50.Main Street was crowded at the 10:30am rope drop as the Main Street is smaller than other parks but guests dispersed quickly and after heading straight to Tomorrowland there were no queues for Hyperspace Mountain   I rode 3 times without having to queue.Some areas open and close at different times   Grizzly Gulch opened at 11 and closed at 19:45   I'm assuming for  crowd  management and maintenance. Throughout the day I was able to re ride a few times on the main roller coasters without queueing   longest wait was 15 minutes on Runaway Mine Cars due to a hardware glitch.Many of the rides are similar to the US and Paris versions but with subtle differences. Space Mountain is tamer than Paris but racier than Orlando   no inversionsRunaway Mine Cars   has cool reverse section like Everest in Animal KingdomMystic Manor   Haunted Mansion 2.0  serious upgrade.Ironman Experience   Star Tours rebrand.Only 3 FastPass rides Hyperspace Mountain, IronMan experience and The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh   nothing over in Grizzly Gulch or Toy Story Land.Lots of rides have indoor sections so you aren't outside in the heat and humidity all day.Park was kept clean and tidy with no obvious signs of litter.All in all a great value day out.
One of the must go place in HONG KONG is DISNEY LAND. A place with lots of children attractions like Fantasy, Adventure, Mystic, Toystory land, 3D shows, and Tomorrow land. Pls go by map of DISNEYLAND. WiFi, Strollers for kids, tickets with food coupon are available. If you got at 10.30am in the morning u can cover everything in a day. Indian restaurant is available only at MYSTIC MANOR RESTAURANT.
just like any other Disneyland, more show type attractions rather then rides  the lion king show is a must  just like the theatre performance travelling around but only for half and hour  loved it  food is OK there and very HOT!  but a must do!
This has to be one of the smallest park in the Disney family. But we enjoyed every minute and got to ride everything. We did not stay in line longer than 20 minutes. Compared to hours in line at Disney World in Florida. Everyone is very friendly. They also give out free stickers so make sure to ask at each ride.
It was a solo trip & the park has some amazing rides. Roller coaster in complete dark where you dont get courage to take your hands out. 7D iron man experience, fighting with enemies & feel the ship falling,heat, storm & water. Rides where everything becomes alive with movie type scene creation. Other rides like Winnie the pooh, toy story are also very nice. River safari was amazing.Benefits of being single that you dont have to wait in lines.For some rides there is a different line for solo peoples.
This Disney is a smaller version of the other Disney parks with a smaller amount of rides. The Jungle cruise is different from the Florida park and Its a Small World is longer. No Tom Sawyer island and no Liberty Square. The parade is very good. There are many Asian dishes on restaurant menus. It is easy to get to on the direct Disneyland MTR line. I thought the entrance price should be $10 $15 lower than it was.
A piece of Americana in Asia. The only compromise to location is the food which is predominantly Asian style, which is not a problem, but if you after a Burger and Fries, you may have to plan ahead to find what you want. Can get very busy when there are a lot of 'pushy' tourists around.
Disneyland will definitely bring out the child in you. It is indeed the happiest place on earth...so many rides to take although most of the attractions are for kids but one will still have a good time in the park. Don't miss out the parade bec it is where all the characters go out and dance. Upon entrance at the park, make sure that you'll get a guide map so you'll know what  world  you want to explore. It is also where you will see the schedule of shows. For those who doesnt understand Chinese, fall in line on the attractions with English guides. The fireworks are to die for, I dont know but it gives us goosebumps...maybe bec it brings out childhood memories in us. When you get to the train going to Disneyland, make sure that your cameras are ready bec it's just going to be a short ride. Everything inside the train is all about Disneyland.
Long queues in the sun and got shouted at by a member of staff when I complained my youngest my feeling unwell,
Easy to get to by MRT. Little bit of a walk to ticket gate but filled with the excitement of Disney on the way. Entrances a little slow, they check all bags. Not so much for safely but to make sure no food or drink brought in. Lines on a thur. Not bad. Some attractions where closed though, kind a disappointment. Not sure the cost of the pass to save on waiting in line but might be worth it! Lines even slower due to these people getting to go first.
Kids would just love it, the place is so amazing, to mention here the MTR which bring people to this station is special, with Disney characters made in side of the train.Just beautiful....the street parade 4 5 times during the day of the Disney characters, kids just love it...and the Special one in the night at around 7:45pm, followed by fire works at 8:45pm just mind blowing.
Overall very surprised and happy how nice it was. Been to all parks except Tokyo and this was as nice as the rest.  Lines weren't too long and prices very reasonable.
Disneyland is every kids dream destination. We had a lot of fun! But didn't had a chance to ride all the rides. Still, it's really good specially the parade. I will definitely go back!!
My girlfriend and I really enjoyed our visit here. This place still gives the best and wonderful experience for anyone who loves Disney. If you have visited this place before, I will still recommend to make a visit again since they have added some new rides in the park.
This was our second time and came back for Iron Man.  As usual, this place brought out the kid in us.  Hongkong tour is never complete without Disneyland.  We enjoyed most the Night glow parade aside ftom the fireworks!
This was my first visit to Hong Kong and to Disneyland. It was raining still we enjoyed all the shows and rides. Kids will enjoy the most. Ticket charges are a bit costly still worth. Booking can be done online with a lunch offer.
Sadly, compared to other Disneylands the Hong Kong version is not quite up to other versions. Whilst a two or sometimes three day visit to L.A or other parks, a day would complete Hong Kong D.L.The rides are average , but o.k and still scary for the newcomer. Though in truth all Disneylands have all the youngsters happily contentented, so dont let these words put you off. Still well worth a day's visit.
Take your package through some good agent in India. transportaion is very expensive hence if you take it through agent your travel is taken care of by them. Inside disneyland you get map for various parts..do plan your trip. There is a live show in their theatre ..do not miss it. It's a 30 minutes live show. There is fasty pass access concept..which you can avail on each ticket at a gap of 2 hours. Wherever on a ride you have this access available...scan your ticket on fast pass access and come back on the designated ride. at 8:30 in the evening there is a huge fireworks show...do not miss it at any cost. It's a lifetime experience. Wear comfortable shoes to Disneyland..you will be walking a lot. Make sure you carry some extra water bottles with you..since each 750 ml bottle inside the park costs 28 hong kong dollars. Enjoy the fantasy land rides..and bring out the child in you. Tarzans tree house is an amazing place. Do take pictures at the view points, they come out well. Wear comfortable clothes and enjoy your day
If you have kids then you would definately enjoy .. but youngsters or couples won't enjoy at all . Except 2 3 rides all other rides are for kids .. not worth spending so much on kids rides when you don't have them.
Although the Disneyland is not very big, you can probably spend a day or two. We visited the theme park on weekday so we had no need to spend so much time to queue up. The roller coaster is not so scary but it's exciting. We also had lunch in the park. It's not cheap but relatively reasonable. It costs you HK$120 150 for a lunch with soft drinks. The food's not bad and we enjoyed sitting outdoor where we found very comfortable.Recommend to spend two days on weekdays. After that, you can go to nearby Tung Chung MTR station for shopping and dining. If time allowed, go to take the cable car in Tung Chung as well. The view is fantastic and there's a small interesting town in the terminus where it's worth to pay a visit.
We absolutely loved this place. There were four of us, all in our mid 50's. We felt like young children again, going on rides, eating delicious food and having fun. The park was beautifully clean. Only issue was not such good weather. A must visit when visiting Hong Kong.
Th good thing about the park is that it's a Disney not full of people! The magic is there as in all of Disney parks and there are some unique attractions as for example Toy story land. For the Disney fans, it's definitely worthy.
Possibly one of the smallest Disneyland which you can complete all rides and shows in a day but what keeps the thrill and customers to return is the efforts to keeping afresh of new rides and experience, ie Ironman Expo, themes and decorations ie spring & Easter. Kudos to the efforts. Unfortunately littering problems seem to creep into the park which will need lots of efforts to remind and staff to maintain
From the moment we heard the music, we felt the magic. Even though this is more compact Disneyland, it didn't take away from the special way it can make you feel. Very colourful, staff were into their roles, the shows were colourful and professional, loved the rides. Would recommend as easy to get around and small enough to do in one day
Do not miss the chance to go to Disney HK.  We went in July and also in December.  December was less busy and easier to navigate as it was colder.  Make sure you go on space moutain!!
Well myself and my Daughter took a seven day whirlwind holiday leaving Melbourne on Boxing day to see the New year in in Hong Kong it was a great experience eye opener for sure, but this review is to tell you that the Hong Kong oeople jnow how too do Disneyland in such a impressive way, not as big as the LA one but still fantastic we manage to kill 10 hours there , plus love the Disney train that takes you right in front maybe a ten minute walk to be in the heart of it but really great too see the big castle as you walk towards it, and the fireworks were great and even made it look like it was snowing as it night was closing after thelight parade and street parade recommend Disneyland Hong Kong Five stars.
My friend and I reached here in the afternoon and it's already slightly crowded. It is recommended to go early preferably morning where the sun is not too hot yet. Too bad I chose the wrong timing which is early May whereby many people would take a long leave due to Labour Day. So far, I would say that my experience in Disneyland is superb with not much issue. I spent the whole day in the Disneyland. We download a disneyland apps to check all the schedule of shows and waiting time for shows & amusement park and also disney character photo session. It's really convenient. We missed out many photo session due to shows and the amusement park which is a little disappointing.Always check out the time for afternoon parade and night parade in order to secure a good spot to watch, otherwise you may end up nowhere and unable to view the most iconic scenery, shows and parade.
my first time to HK Disneyland and it was not bad at all. Compared to Tokyo, it is much smaller size. And i find that the size of the park is just right. You will not be overly tired out just to walk from one ride to another. Park was clean and less crowd, the long wait was the ironman ride ...that merely 30mins or so.. My first time to ride so many rides in this park compare to Tokyo with waiting time like 1.5 hours for popular ones.. Our day ended with the Parade. It was a very good one indeed.. Despite the small castle, small park, it is the magical touch that counts it all in DisneyPark ! A day trip is worth to visit.
This is always a good place both for kids and adults. Personally this is also the place where all staffs are friendly and genuinely tried to help you.I'm impress with the cleanliness of the toilet.It is pricey, but hey, it's worth it.Bring your own bottled water to save money. They have halal meal and praying room.
No matter how old or young you are, Disneyland is a place to be. Hongkong Disneyland is far from the city, but transportation is not a problem. They have their own Disney train, complete with Mickey Mouse windows, that you can ride from Sunny Bay station going to Disneyland. If you are staying in HongKong central or Tsim Sha Tsui, it is a one hour ride and you have transfer trains. Before you enter the main gate to Disneyland Theme Park, there is a luggage storage area at the side so you could leave your things though I'm not sure if it's free. You can also but food for a much cheaper price outside, and of course, eat it there before going in. We availed our ticket from the host of our hostel and got it for a cheaper price and we were able to skip the long ticketing lines.Once you got in, you may get the map and attraction schedules on the side. This will help you decide where to go first and what time are the shows and parades. We went there on a Friday so the line wasn't long. Toy Story attractions are more about rides and I suggest you visit that place first. There are restaurants inside Disneyland and they are expensive. About HK$130 for a full meal. But we got a discount coupon from the airport (Go to the tourism board booth) and we got 20% off on the meal we bought. The servings were big and good enough for 2 so you can share. The best place to watch the parade is on Main Street USA, beside the cafe. Check the schedule of the parade. When we went there last April, we watched the production of Lion King and it was really great. Don't miss out on watching these shows. Staff inside Disneyland give out stickers for free. If they don't give you one, you can ask them. The stickers are good souvenir and it's free! You can also ask them to take your pictures. Walking around Disneyland is tiring so don't forget to bring water and wear comfy shoes. For those who are wondering, it's HK$50 for a mickey mouse or ironman waffle. The ice cream is for HK$30.Don't forget to watch the fireworks display!
Disneyland where all the magic happens! It was great to be able to go back there. Easy to find a MTR station. Easy to get in and all the new rides make so much different since last time I was there. It was magical even it was rain!
I'm a lifelong Disney fan and I loved this park. There were cool differences from California and Florida   both in the smaller size and in some of the Asian sensibilities: a really cool Mystic Manor replaced the Haunted Mansion (loved it), a Toy Story land is a heaven of huge toys (and a deceptively fun Hot Wheels roller coaster), and the Star Wars upgrade to Space Mountain ROCKED. Otherwise, you may see more gardens, eat some squid, miss Pirates of the Caribbean, and see more precision in the Asian section of Small World. And don't forget to take the subway here   the last train with its Mickey windows will get you in the mood.
The Hong Kong Disneyland is smaller than the Florida or California versions, but it is still nice to visit. The surrounding hotels and their grounds and nearby shopping is also quite nice   you do not seem to be in Hong Kong at all there, which is what Disney always tried to convey to guests. It has some interesting new attractions like the Iron Man ride.
It's really a fun and enjoyable place to be. But the queue for photo taking with characters was too long. Average waiting time for photo taking is at least 1hr, and it was during weekdays. Queue for rides took very long as well. We had to choose what we wanted to do and skipped the rest. Unless you for 2 days. Gotta get to the performance and fireworks area before it starts to get crowded. It a performance not to be missed.
My first visit to a Disney themed park, ever, and I loved the experience.  Will definitely visit again to ride Grizzly Bear, Mystic Mansion, and the river cruise ride
The smallest Disney Park in the world, but has the main key attractions that highlight the recent acquisition of the Star Wars franchise. It was busy, as it was a statutory holiday, but felt less crowded as waits didn't need Fast Pass. An easy day visit via the MTR Subway. The International Food Court has an Asian bias, but looked better in the pictures than it tasted. I wouldn't plan more than one day there.
Very small park, only the magic kingdom. Iron man experience was really good. Not a very good choice of disney merchandise. Enjoyed all the rides but unfortunately the weather was awful rained all day,
While I prefer ocean park as an amusement park, Disneyland is a unique place to visit. The rides we took were fun and the place is really beautiful. However two main issues you should be aware of: lines to attractions are loooong (often 30min ). You can see their length in the app however which helps planning. Even bigger issue was that when we were there half the restaurants were closed and lines to the open restaurants were wayyyyy long and choices limited.
I have been a Platinum Member of Hong Kong Disneyland for 5 years. I regularly check the webpage for shows and information about what is going on. I arrive today to learn that there is a new show for 2 days and, aparently, no places left. I informed them they missed to inform me by the usual channel and, despite my Platinum (and other 5 members of my family's platinum status), they are unable to even give me an stand by status to get into the show. I spoke to the manager. Totally useless.
MTR in Hong Kong is very sufficient, we finally arrived to Disneyland resort station within 20 mins from Wanchai station.We have been to Disney world in Orlando, this is a small version of that. We started with space mountain ride, that was awesome, but little kid can get scared. Our most favorite one was Big Grizzly mountain, we had to get on this twice. The best part of this ride was the train stopped and went backward for about 200 meters, then fired toward with high speed and turned sideways. That was absolutely awesome. The only one thing I wish for this ride is fast pass.
Many had suggested I skip HK disneyland and go to the one in Tokyo.Although the HK park is small and not too exciting, for 4 5 year olds, it's plenty for a few days.Not overly crowded in March and weather is good. I wasn't too disappointed but go in with low expectations.
Visited the place in weekdays and enjoyed the rides with less queue time. My son so enjoyed this place that he wants to visit again. He likes most the adventure land.
This was the only place where staff were really patient, friendly, smiling, and helpful. Parades in the afternoon and early evening were colorful and beautiful. Had fun with the rides, too. We had great dinner at a certain restaurant that gave large servings. I only wish there more trees because it was really hot during the day.
Sharing some tips for a family visit 1) If you are visiting Disneyland for the first time, better is to buy two days tickets as weather can change anytime. So if you have two days tickets you can use the second day ticket in case it rains   you face long queue. 2) Try buying tickets from deals site, do a google search 3) For senior citizen tickets buy directly from Disneyland site. 4)No food is allowed inside, and whatever is available inside is expensive  may not be to your test. But you can make sure to reach early around 9.30. Carry some dry food , have it in nice sitting area before micky water fountain. 5) They have meal deal which needs to be purchased before entry. Buy this only if you are ready to order the most expensive meal option ( mostly with beaf) to get true discount. If you are a veg person you are better buying an individual items than meal coupon.
The place is really small and cozy. I think its great for toddlers that have just started to learn how to run. The place is small enough to catch them quick. Going on a weekday like we did also lessens the chance of losing your little one. Rides are almost all toddler friendly. My son had a blast! Although he only went on a few rides because he's an impatient little boy, he still had loads of fun running around the place. Food is quite expensive, since, my wife, son and I were really hungry we probably spent over HKD600 for lunch and snacks. But still we got to take home a really nice Mickey Mouse shaped lunchbox. All in all, we had a great time there. Everything is convenient. We brought our on stroller, but the place has strollers and wheelchairs for rent. Walking is a breeze. It's pretty much flat with little elevated areas making walking less tiring. Great place to bring the little ones. I feel like it's a prerequisite for the bigger theme parks as my son grows up.
Not a true disney exoerience; it's like a classic franchise concept... doesn't have the same charm or depth as the US or Japanese Disney's and having done them all, definitely the lowest from a thrilling day out standpoint. Expensive day out and can get very busy.
We stayed at Disneyland Hollywood Hotel and quickly got a shuttle to Disneyland. We had pre purchased 2 day tickets which I recommend and got in quickly at opening time. We stayed till the parade, went back to the resort and rested for a few hours before returning to see the light parade which is a must!! It was also a lot quitter at night and we had several goes on many of the rides that had long queues during the day. Having a 2 day pass allowed us to take our time and enjoy the sights at Disney and not spend all our time waiting in lines. It's a great size and almost identical to Disneyland in California. We loved it.
It was a little smaller than expected.It was a raining day which highlighted the lack of cover from the rain. We managed to get to enjoy most of the attractions we wanted to.The lines were short and that was probably weather related.One day is probably enough.Overall an enjoyable day out.
We brought along two seniors who required wheelchair assistance.  The park was well aware of the situation and had offered their full assistance.  The seniors were treated with priority care and top notch services. Thank you Disney Hong Kong.
At first I thought the ticket price was high, but later realized it was well worth it. There is so much to do there and the attention to detail is impressive. Something for all ages. Would go again. I would recommend mid week. Accessible from MTR from HK Central one way ticket is 28 HKD
We left around noon on a Wednesday, and we were happy to see that the place was fairly empty with most people working. With still around 7 hours to go, we did the park at ease and did the more  adult  rides. I'd say you could do this park in about 4 5 hours. We stayed till the fireworks, which is something you just have to see when you're at Disneyland. I'd recommend to look at the fireworks from the shopping street as you can leave immediately afterwards and you're not caught in the mass of people.I think it's nice the trains are personalised to Disney figures. Good connection as there's a special Disneyland stop. I enjoy they really try to suck you in the magical atmosphere they have. As expected the food is quite expensive here, so we didn't eat here. Overall, nice experience but it's nothing compared to the real thing: Disneyland Paris.
This was my first visit to any Disneyland. Did not know what to expect for but overall the visit was fun and refreshing. Attractions maybe the same as any Disneyland in other cities. But if you have some time, just stay until sunset, where they start the fireworks. And be sure you are there with someone you love to watch it. It was a romantic experience.
Good rides, good service although food prices are quite high but over all its still an excellent experience to have if you haven't been to any Disneyland.
I loved this Disneyland. After being to Paris and Disney World, this was a breath of fresh air (sometimes a little bit hot air) This park is set in the most beautiful back drop. It is like they have taken a chuck of a mountain out and placed a Beautiful Disney park. The castle from a distance with the green Valleys in the back ground and it not being the busiest of parks is is picture perfect. It Has a very cool chilled vibe to this park, never a rush to get everywhere just a nice little walk through green plants, trees and water mist spots.My two girls (6 &4 Years old) were able to get most of the rides apart from two but while my 6year old and her dad went on the Grizzle bear , me and the youngest played next to the blowholes that got you wet (good way to cool down if it's hot) the food in the park was delicious I don't think we had a bad meal. I didn't feel that it was so expensive for the food or the merchandise. We didn't get to meet the princesses due to the face we kept missing them but we get get a little wave from Tinkerbell, which made the girls happy. The shows are wonderful and a must.. the best rides for us was the Grizzle bear mine train and the Mystic manor.
What a magical place, our 2 year old daughter had the best time and five days post still asks us to go to Disney land.We went a total of five times during our 7 day trip ! It's really perfect for children, lots to see and do, we never got bored. One bad point is the food defiantly not good, most is junk food very oily and not catered to children. Everything is over priced as expected.
A great day out and a really cute mini version of a Disney park, no where near the size of Florida but a very nice park all the same.  Check what is open during their off season
We spent whole day at Disney until fireworks still we only watch the show, a day tour is not enough, shows are all spectacular and amazing to watch, the day and night parade are superb, i'm 51 yrs old but at that time my fairy dreams comes true as if i was child, i recommend you take Iron Man experience wow, enjoy much the 12 minutes grandious fireworks, you will be amazed, will come back again to have pictures with my favorite disney characters
A very nice Disneyland, the rides and place are very well maintained, and well managed.  The performances are world class.  We spent the entire day there from 1030h to 2100h (after fireworks).  Very nice. Magical.
My boyfriend and I are two 23 y o Canadians and we had an amazing time at Hong Kong Disney. There was almost no line at all the rides which made it a lot more fun than other Disney parks. We paid about $100 CAD per ticket which is also cheaper than the other parks. (Look online for discounted tickets, at the park they are more) transport is very easy from just about anywhere in the city.
You can absolutely spend a full day or even multiple days if you   re a Disney enthusiast. However, a half day in either the morning or afternoon is worthwhile, like we are happy proud annual pass holders, we go there every week for three years and we still enjoy everytime there. And whenever we have friends coming with their kids we always love to meet there and we love our Instagram meetUp with HK followers or even overseas one, it's Truly magical. They do a good job of outlining where and at what time the characters will be out greeting. Characters commonly sign autograph books, which you can buy in the Emporium on Main Street. It is a nice souvenir for your kids to have. They can put the stickers staff around the park will give them in this book, too.
I find many new attractions inside the park. The bus service from  the New Territories is easy for access to the park. Waiting time for many games is not too long.
My wife and I had a great day here, riding rides and taking in the sites. It was our first time at any Disneyland, and we were very impressed overall. Our only complaint was the food quality. For the price we paid (yes, I know, Disneyland) we should have gotten better quality.
Disneyland is awesome and must go if you are in Hong Kong! Had a totally fun filled day even though there were no kids with us!
We had a great time in Disneyland HK and the day we picked was a good one because the lines were not long. We were able to do ironman and star wars rides too. The small world boat ride is very cute and enjoyable. The place isn't too big so we were able to see all the sections. The food is just expensive but all in all we had fun. Some staff are rude too but we just ignored them because we didn't want to ruin our day. The parades and fireworks are the highlights of our day!
Had fun with family of 9.  Lines were not that long!  Have so many places where you can seat to rest.  Food and drinks a bit expensive
Went to HK Disneyland for my birthday and of course, I had to get a badge from the office before starting. Throughout our visit, NOT A SINGLE cast member wished me a Happy Birthday (I was quite hurt). The cast members all looked like they've been owed their wages and did not look like they were working at the most magical place on earth. It wasn't even a particularly busy day because it had rained in the morning, so we could only go in at almost noon ish. The only up side was the queues were relatively short, but that's about it. Don't think it's worth spending close to a $100 (SGD) here. Will probably be my last visit. I'd rather save more money and go to Tokyo Disneyland.
We cant get over the excitement and joy from all the rides and wonderful view of the different attractions. We enjoyed the parade and most of all the fireworks display.
From my childhood days, I have been a great fan of Disney cartoons and do watch them even today. This was my first time Disneyland Visit but surely won't be the last one. The Hong Kong Disneyland might be a little smaller than the other Disneyland around the world, but I bet it
Hk Disneyland nothing can compare to the rest of Disneyland around the world ! I wouldn't take my kids there again ! Just too small boring !
Try to avoid weekends when visiting the disneyland. Visited on weekdays, the crowds are managable and the maximum queue time was 30mins. Try to go earlier to buy tickets before it gets crowded.
I think this is the smallest Disneyland but makes no difference to the amazing Disney experience you will get from visiting! I went on a Sunday and the queues actually weren't as bad as I had expected. Very enjoyable and fun no matter how old you are!
We like to bring our son to HK Disneyland.. He likes it a lot. There are rides that are suitable for my 2 year old. We once saw the afternoon parade it was great!
We live near the California Disney and went to visit Hong Kong and Shanghai. We loved them BOTH! Hong Kong... is a little small, but well worth the trip! We booked in advance the themed Dim Sum at the Crystal Lotus and LOVED that experience. You need to book several days in advance and make sure you confirm your order via email. Hong Kong Disney   be sure to ride Mystic Manor! It is amazing. And Toy Story Land   must see. The MTR Disney themed train is Amazing!
Maybe due to the opening of Shanghai Disneyland, the queue wasn't as long as before. Formerly we have to wait for 45 min for a kiddish ride, like Pooh Bear. Now, even for the latest ride   like Iron Man, the wait at the queue is about 15 min. The cut in the waiting time and good weather definitely contribute to the enjoyable experience in Disneyland. Do stay back for the Disney parade at night   very spectacular! Nice!
Hk Disney is smaller then others in been too but it isn't a Disneyland u expect . For some reason the castle look very bad , the attractions is similar to dineland Paris but less , it have iron man that was cool , but the lines killed me .Didn't enjoy it much but Disney is Disney and in some places the magic was there and some other .... not
Always great to go back to childhood, attractions were great but in the half day we had done most of them. It is more for kids but worth the visit!
Went there on a public holiday but the crowds weren't too big.  Longest wait for a ride was probably 15 mins and we didn't get fast passes. Smaller than the LA one but still good.  Plenty of shops for gifts and food and good rides.
One of the item from child hood bucket list is done. Yes we did it. Now my experience here, You need two days to go around the park. If you have young kid or kid by hear I am sure you are otherwise you won't be visiting Disney. I recommend to take priority pass and one night stay at one of hotels inside the park. By this way you will avoid travel time and queue, normal ticket queue time can go anywhere from 30 to 60 minutes. If its weekend it's double time. Park don't allow any food or drinks from outside. Food chart inside park only accept cash you need to carry sufficient cash to buy water bottle, Micky ice cream, soft drinks and waffle. Food court, restaurant and souvenir shops accepts Cards.  If you plan to check out your hotel and visit; no problem you have lock room available.  Have fun
Sometimes simple is better and Hong Kong Disneyland offers that on a smaller scale with less hassle. The staff were friendly, we finished all the rides and we just completely let go and had fun
Im from California so this was a real treat.  Disneyland with short lines!!!!! to much fun.  We had a free day in Hong Kong and we really enjoyed our day.  Smaller but still the happiest place on earth...
If it is the 1st play of your child, it'll be stunning and adventurous for young kids. If you have been to many places like this, it will be small place for the teenagers. The hot days may make your child feel not well, you may prefer bring kids during winter and autumn.
Have visited Disney parks in California and Florida, and recently had the opportunity to visit their park in Hong Kong. Getting here was very easy. The MTR provides Disney park with its own line. You can get to the park from pretty much anywhere the MTR services Hong Kong. We made our visit on a Tuesday ( May 2nd). Arrived there just minutes before the park opened (10:30am). Pleasantly surprised with the small crowd. The park entrance is very wide and clean. Landscaping is traditional Disney. As you pass the entrance (the main train station ) and walk into  Main Street, USA  you will understand why I chose the title   it's a small world after all . Had I done some research prior to coming I would have not been surprised by how small this park really is. It's nearly one fifth the size of Magic Kingdom in Florida. Aside from the small scale , the park is very much  Disney . Tarzan's tree house was closed for maintenance. This has a big impact considering the few attractions in the park. For the roller coaster enthusiasts , I recommend the Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars. I won't give it away just suffice it to say there are surprising maneuvers. Over all a fun park despite its small size ( you can easily cover the entire park at a leisurely walk in less than 5 hrs, just my opinion). Expect hefty prices for any and all goods you purchase in the park. Most park employees speak English enough to communicate with you. We were pleased to find most employees had left the Honk Kong attitude at the gate. Get a bench early (6 6:30pm) in front of the castle for a good view of the fireworks. Park closes promptly after the pyrotechnics (8:00pm). There are plenty of trains to take you back to your destination so no need to worry. Overall a pleasant experience , but the size of the park was disappointing.
Smaller than Anaheim park and is like a minipark compared to Orlando. Easy to navigate and shorter distance between attractions. They have multiple languages to suit the needs of the customers. There are rides that are different than the US parks. Expensive because the entrance fee is just slightly lower than the US park. However, you go on more rides as the line ups are shorter. Very easy to get there as the MTR goes to the front entrance.
Disney is wonderful. You can have fun with the kids and be a kid. Thats the beauty of Disney. The rides are good and the queues weren't too bad.
It is a dream come true for every kiddo to visit Disneyland  The place is like a dream world and very very pretty.Multiple ride options for all age groups
It is a nice attraction for family and children but if you stay in Hong Kong it is not a priority. More or less is the same of the other Disneyland around the world. A little bit difference for food arranged for Asian taste,
This place is just unreal. It exceeds all expectations and they were quite high to start off with. Everything is really well done and the technology in there makes the place enchanted. It honestly makes you feel like you're in a fairytale. It's a big day tho if you want to see everything, so either get plenty of sleep before you get there or get the 2 day pass. I would imagine family would need even more time. The place is very well designed for crows and pumps it through. Absolute must do in Hong Kong
Our kids had a great time at Hong Kong Disneyland   it was a smaller park, but we actually liked it because the lines were smaller and the price was cheaper than normal Disneyland. Our kids really enjoyed the Ironman ride w found several new favorites   Mystic Manor, Toy Story Land, Iron Man and the Lion King musical show was really a highlight. Not too crowded and less walking, and half the price!
This park is definitely smaller than the parks in the United States, but still lots of fun. Loved the Mystic Manor ride and Buzz Lightyear shooting ride. For the Jungle Cruise, they have three lines for three different languages, one of them being English. Plenty of food options through out the park.
Our family were given tickets for Disneyland and weren't sure how long to spend there. We ended up being the first ones through the gate and the last ones out. But not because the queues were long   there was just that much to do. Download the app and see the waiting times. We averaged about 15 minutes waiting time per ride. The parades are spectacular. They have all the old favourites plus a few new cool rides. Hyper space mountain was our family favourite. And don't miss the Lion King show   it is basically a mini version of the stage show. The only small complaint is that not many of the food outlets were open and those that were open had poor quality options.
Ita clean, tidy and you can have it all with only 1 day pass (because its not too big)  Come around april may..the weather is very nice to walk around..
I will never forget my Disney adventure in my entire life. Although it was just over a half day's visit and my group wasn't able to explore every nook and cranny, still the experience was terrific!I am very much enchanted by the grand parade and the magnificent fireworks that capped the day's events...so mesmerizing! I also particularly enjoyed the jungle cruise where the sights of animals seemed real. And of course the different rides that we had...brought on memories of my happy childhood (sentimental feelings).The destination is really a must see when you're in Hong Kong.
Amazing Disneyland fairly new only around 10 years old also very nice gardens immaculate.Kids had an amazing time Worth arriving around lunch time so you can stay for parade and fireworks the kids loved this all so so much Super hot weather very humid and hot fans at various locations Amazing day for young and old Food was very expensive !!
Well, what should I say a happiest place on earth its our 3rd time in hongkong disneyland and planning to go back this coming november
Very glad we purchased two day tickets as it was crazy busy (due to being holidays in China and lots of people visiting HK). Heat was incredible on Wednesday   saw two different people require medical attention due to queuing in the sun. Waited to see Mickey for nearly an hour and gave up as there were still at least 50 people in front of us (even though we were told it would take one hour when we joined the queue, that was also in full sun). The queues for photos with the characters were full of adults and no consideration was given at all to families with kids. I know everyone pays to get in, but does every adult really need a professional photo with Mickey and Minnie and then take another 10  posed photos with their own camera?!?!?! Time limits need to be set, ie each  group  (and not each individual) has xx time with the characters so the queue actually moves.Got the MTR to Disneyland from Kowloon   easy but busy.Food choices available and prices ok (paid about AU$60 for four people at the Tomorrowland dinner   burgers etc). Still can't believe I paid HK$32 for an iceblock but it was so incredibly hot there was really no choice.Kids had a ball, which was the main reason we attended.
We had an amazing time with my family . So much to do. I think I would recommend that you buy the tickets via the hotel you're staying it seem to be a little cheaper and also we when we booked on Line the transaction couldn't be completed when we clicked on confirm the page popped up saying  oops your page got eaten up.  we didn't get any tickets but money was deducted from our account. We had to buy new tickets again in Disneyland but the bank reimbursed the money about 2 weeks later. So just to save yourself from this headache just buy the tickets at the hotel you're staying. Ah Shan hostel was selling for cheaper price than what we paid on Line . It's a great place for parents too. Not just for kids. Lol.
All the moment was very enjoy and happy.   Especially the iron man zone !!!  Highly recommend to be here.
Fantastic 1st trip to Disneyland. It was pouring down but that didn't dampen our spirits. They sold Ponchos etc. The queues were quiet but unfortunately the outside rides were closed. The whole place was magical (even if I am in my late 20's). I've never been a huge Disney fan but I would highly recommend it.
Me and my partner and our friend from Shanghai had the best time ever at Disneyland Hong Kong. We was there from the opening to the closing of the park its such a great place. I have been to Anaheim Disney and all the parks in Florida but this park has something special about it. it has all the Disney magic you need. The park has some great rides like Hyperspace Mountain to the amazing Grizzly Gulch Ride. We loved watching all the parades especially the flights of fantasy parade to the amazing paint the night parade now that is something you really have to see! Its one of the most amazing night time Disney parades i have seen. There was a bit of a queue to meet the characters but its like that in every park. I have to say that the food here is incredible! All the cast members were so friendly too! We all loved every second of our day at Disneyland Hong Kong and i cant wait to go back! Its also very easy to get to from the City of Hong Kong by the MTR.
Spent a full day at Hong Kong Disney and the whole themed park is well designed with lot of rides for children and adults.Customers can use their tickets for the fast lane at selected rides like the iron man and Winnie the Pooh ride. My favourite rides would be the star wars and the hot wheel rides which are fun.You can easily find food and drink stalls within the themed park, including bathroom.They also have luggage storage facility for tourists (located before the Disney entrance) and stroller rental in the premise.Do stay till the evening to watch the fireworks. Overall, it was a fun experience especially for guests who grew up watching Disney cartoons.Tips: drink lots of water, wear a hat and apply sunblock.
I remember first going to HK Disney and thinking it was quite small, now they have two new areas open (and a third coming soon) which has improved it no end, but it still feels small compared to the other Disney Parks around the world. Regardless of that, it is a lovely afternoon to spend with the family and if you go on the right day then you are not going to be queuing any more than 15 minutes for the rides. The parade and fireworks in the evening are also great.
The park is clean. Upgrade to magic access if you are planning to visit the park more than 2 days. Lots of discounts to offer! The Spring Parade & Paint the Night Parade was gorgeous. We'll definitely come back.
We visited HK Disneyland during the week of Easter and Good Friday. It was not as busy as most locals had travelled outside of HK. The wait for the rides was not long at all. Our average wait was 20 minutes. The staff there was nice. I have to say that the food at the park is very expensive. Overall, it was better than the first time I had been there since my 7 year old son came with me this time around.
I'm a Disney kid who grew up into an adult who still loves escaping into fantasy and have visited most disney parks around the world. Disney HK is worth the trip. Mystic Manor is Imagineering in top form. The park layout makes it easy to enjoy in less than a day but I'm sure you could spend longer. Shuttle service to the Disney hotels made everything really convenient. Unfortunately I had a bad experience on opening day of the new Explorers Lodge but I trust Disney will fix issues  I just felt harrased and as if the magic of a Disneyland was stolen from me. Either way, Disneyland HK was super fun  I recommend checking out some of the products you can only get in the gift shops  I picked up an awesome Star Wars limited edition collectible and was just really caught up in the Disney magic until I left and went back to the lodge. Definitely go to Disney HK. My friends had just gone and also recommended downloading the app to help navigate and get useful tips.
Will not be going back. Very expensive and you queue for an hour for a 2 minute ride. The rides are great once you get on but the queues are just too long.
This was our first Disneyland experience & it was magical!It was raining but this did not matter. We took out the rain jackets, bought an umbrella & went on. Most of the rides are indoors so this did not have much of an impact. But there are a few outside which seem to keep going in the rain. I decided to brave the rain for a few of them and ended up a bit wet, but went to watch Lion King afterwards & dried out a little. The show was fantastic & has us singing Hakuna Matata. Unfortunately the rain did not stop in time for the night time parade & sadly it was cancelled. It did stop for the fireworks & this made our day. The park is a bit on a the expensive side and some of the attractions were closed due to maintenance. Other than that there was little to complain about.
My wife and I visited Disney World Hong Kong for a day. We were unsure of what to expect since we got mixed reviews from Trip Advisor and people who have visited before.We have not been to any other Disney World before and understand that the Hong Kong park is the smallest one.On arrival, you can feel the excitement of parents who are trying to fulfil their little ones dreams. The kids are in absolute over drive mode from the time they get there.Disney does very well in creating a fun and vibrant atmosphere. This is how all customers are should be treated and proves to be a great customer service lesson for all companies. All the facilities are well kept, neat and clean including the rest rooms. When going on tides the waiting areas are designed to cool guests off mostly in shaded areas through either air conditioning and fans.The queues can be long for some of the popular shows and rides but are all worth the wait. Like I said even for adults the shows, showmanship, costumes, special effects are completely amazing.The not to miss shows include the Iron Man experience (more for adults and teens), Mickey's story book and the Lion King (especially for kids). There are other shows catering more the younger kids (ages 5   11) like mystic manor, pooh bear, etc. We went on all of these nonetheless as it gives you great reprieve from the humidity during the hottest parts of the day.There are a few small scale roller coasters and thrilling rides which we did not do as my wife does not have the stomach for it. For thrill seekers these appear to be good.Food and drinks in the park is quite expensive (HK $ 32 for a 500 ml coke) and there are many restaurants, hot dog stands and ice cream stands for snacks and bites and refreshing drinks.You are allowed to bring small snacks and cold drinks into the park and suggest you do so if you planning a full day there.The night parade at about 19h30 is worth the wait especially for the little ones and teens. We skipped the fireworks display which is on at 20h30 after having spent the whole day there from 11h00 but we have heard that it is quite spectacular.Also suggest that you do the train ride first when you enter the park as it provides perspective on what there is in the park and allows you to plan what to first if you not planning on staying the whole day.You could do the entire park in a full day depending on how may kids you have. If you just adults one day is enough.Enjoy!!!
This was a slightly disappointing visit. I expected there to be more rides. As an adult I was after more roller coaster and thrill rides. It catered for mainly you d children. Grounds very tidy and clean. The food was also very good. I probably wouldn't return or see the need for a 2 day pass. Everything is able to be achieved in one day.
As lovers of all things Disney, the park was accessed via the very efficient rail system  culminating in a Disney train complete with Micky shaped windows etc. the crowds seemed smaller and younger with most little girls attired in a princess dress   very cute. The rides are provided to suit the whole family participating which is really nice. Some rides albeit a bit extreme were enjoyed by young and old alike with no tears or tantrums. Some of the rides  amusements were better than Anaheim and these included the mystic mansion, Disney garden and Toy Story rides. Front of the line passes were available for some rides with the younger rides such as Pooh Bear requiring the longest wait. The food and facilities were excellent and grounds pristine. The new Marvel ride and the Disney Musical experience was great with large groups of people accommodated at each session reducing the wait time. Great gift shops and Pandora now provided exclusive Disney options. Western options available in a cute cafe in Main Street with amazing children's meals. A magical day   however mid week attendance highly recommended   avoid weekends at all costs.
We visited for the day and had an excellent time. Staff good but not like the happy cheerful American staff. Not too busy   never waited more than 20 minutes for a ride. Parades good. Food on site adequate.  Lots of good rides.
I knew this place wasn't going to be up to much as we've already done Florida.I was pleasantly surprised by the transport to the park, the train was fun.Main Street is lovely, sleeping beauty castle is small & underwhelming.Everything looks a little tired & run down but I've read it's on the verge of huge investment.The staff are not like Disney staff and really look like they'd rather be somewhere else.The parade was great and a lot less busy than Florida so you get to sit right on the pavement at Main Street.Merchandise much cheaper than America.Fireworks were not worth waiting for.I've done it once, I wouldn't go back.
Magic is what you expect from Disneylans. Magic you will find in this place. Even though not that big, awesome and beautiful scenarios and attractions. Lots of stores, places to eat, Iron Mans, minnie, mickey and all the other stuff you could expect. Prices are a little bit high, which is normal when it comes to Disneyland. Staff is awesome, you can purchase fastpass for the main attractions. Free wifi inside, works in almost allover the park. Awesome visit!!
Quite a small Disney by all accounts and when we went it was extremely busy with most rides having a 45 min wait, some as much as 1.5 hrs! Easy to get to by MTR, but make sure you have enough credit on your Octopus for the return journey! If you stay to the end of the fireworks expect the MTR to be very bust indeed, but they didn't let it get too overcrowded.Some of the attractions were being renovated, but the major hit with our 4 year old was the Ironman Experience which was worth the wait.
This is a great Disney park. It's smaller than Disney World and Tokyo Disney, but it is very nice. Christmas was amazing. Everything is decorated as it would be in an early 20th century American small town. The lit the tree with LEDs that changed colors, couples in Victorian costume sang carols (the Christian ones too), and snow fell all along Main Street. The light and fireworks show was outstanding and every bit as good as Orlando. If you're in Hong Kong, you must spend a day and evening at HK Disney.
Unfortunately, HK Disney due to a fault in their website are still holding approx. $700AUD of my cash (debit card)   3 weeks after I attempted to purchase 2 tickets and the website kept advising me my card could not be authorised. Extremely poor & unhelpful service from HK Disney staff during my attempts to rectify this situation. No 'Disney Magic' in this experience !!!
We stayed at one of the hotels at Disneyland and the rooms were very spacious and well appointed. The crowds were very manageable being there in March. Our only complaints were the bar in the hotel was closed and the parachute ride was out of service. The other rides were great and the kids had lots of fun. Our granddaughter and her grandmother(on her 75th birthday) rode the roller coaster.
this disney is aimed at the younger audience as theres not dead loads there & they start closing down the rides very early. evening parade cancelled when we were there due to weather , there was only 2 spots of rain
If you love disney, you should come here!  It's not huge like my expectation, but still good. You need a whole day to enjoy all of attractions and should watch the closing ceremony.
We reached with our 2 yr old daughter at 11am and spent the whole day here until the night parade which is NOT TO BE MISSED! The property has amazing rides and extremely good facilities. I would recommend to head out to the rides that you definetly want to go on and scan your pass to get a 'fast pass' at a certain time. Once you do this for all rides you can plan your day around the place and reach the rides at that time to directly walk in rather than waiting in an hour long queue for a 5min ride. There is a storybook kingdom right at the end of the property which is the best ride for children aged 2 6. Don't miss the Iron Man experience.. it'll blow your mind!
Get family days with our 7 and 9 year olds, My 7 year old was tall enough to go on all the rides and my 9 year old was still young enough to still want photos with Mickey and Minnie. Only complaints I have is Mickey and Minnie need to be out way more for photos everyone wants photo with them and there hardly out. Another is common curtesy a certain type of guest have not idea on queuing and covering mouths when they cough and does no selfie sticks mean no selfie sticks, this should be enforced more. Got so feed up people standing in busy walkways to pull out the selfie stick and pose for photos of themselves
We went on a regular Friday around 11am under the cloudy sky. Not many people & we needed max 10 min for a ride if there was a line. Some ride we went 2, 3 times in a row without waiting at all, unbelievable!!!I went to Disney Tokyo & Paris, it's smaller. Good if you have smaller kids. Main languages are Cantonese, English & Mandarin.Now it's not allowed to use the selfie stick in the park & I don't see clear indication at the door. The staff sometime screamed at the microphone for some people who didn't understand & the people were really crazy, ignored them too...Toilets are everywhere & it's very clean with staff often cleaning. Souvenir shops are at all the corners waiting for you to spend money.Baby facilities available. Can leave the pushchair just outside the attraction in a special area, sometimes there is someone keep an eye of the area.Last year I went into Space mountain with my 6 year son then, without knowing how it was exactly, however I've asked if he's allowed to go on & he was tall enough, & we would be sitting next to each other. Anyway, it was so scary that I thought he would fly out of the car anytime. This time the Ironman area was built. We visited the Ironman experience. We took our time to ask questions & got detailed answer. If I'm not wrong, there are 4 (cinema liked) rooms, this means less waiting time. It was a tour visit of HK but with Ironman & monster in between, 3D, air, chair moving experience. Nice atmosphere with everyone was laughing & screaming.The ride is fairly short, a min or 2. Sometime the staff spent so much time to check all the doors were closed & secure than the ride.Moneywise, I found it's quite expensive for the daily extrance fee (1 Adult HKD 589) , as well the food, a simple meal easily cost HKD 100. There is a 2 days' pass which you can use 2 times within 7 days period, that's much more interesting (1 Adult HKD 759)Overall, if you're well prepared, it would be a pretty good experience with your kids.
If you are in Hong Kong with young kids this is the place to go for them to have some fun. Obviously this is a piece of America in Asia but is well organised and plenty to keep the kids interested. You really need two days to experience the whole place. Make sure you catch the Paint the Night Parade and the Fireworks
second time to Hong Kong DisneyLand as always its good and fun. better tips : always book your ticket in advance online from their website to get promotions.come earlier to explore the full Island and stay till the firework at 8 p.myou can get express pass inside disneyland. make sure to check it out on the information area if you're not sure how to get an express pass for free. this time we experience iron man and star wars. good experience. and as always crowded due to Easter public holiday
Disneyland Hong Kong is the smallest of all the Disneyland parks but it has been expanding with new rides such as the Mystic Manor and Ironman Experience.Went during the May Day long weekend Sat and it was packed as usual but manage to take a record of 10 rides due to the longer operating hours. Yes 10 rides is nothing to most people but for us who will que for an hour just to have a few minutes of photo taking with Mickey and Minnie, this is an achievement in itself. If it was winter period where sunset is earlier, will not be able to meet it to 10 rides since a fraction of the riders were done in evening.Noticed considerably lesser China tourists than before.Take the meal and ride combo package which offers good value for lunch but food was nothing to shout about however the portion huge.
An impromptu visit with my son (12 years) and although we knew there weren't many of the bigger rides there was enough to keep us entertained for the day. There were hardly any queues this day despite being Easter Sunday so we delightfully did double rounds on our favourite rides. The price is quite reasonable and worth paying just to see the Lion King show, incredible. Blew us away and a pleasant treat too.More for younger children and easy to get around, worth it if you want an easy get away day with kids
Its is modeled exactly like the one in USA. its is spread over a large area and has all possible rides. the rides are very nicely designed and the age range for enjoying this place is from 7 to 70 years. Infact i enjoyed this place as much as my 12 year old daughter. there are theme parks based on various themes and all have spectacular rides and shows.best part is that they are all pre paid and is managed very well. there is a display of expected waiting time at all rides which makes you decide whether u want to wait of not. there are plenty of eating joint all round the place however if you a hardcore indian eater who eats only indian food then the choice is limited and the food is nothing great. cleanliness is superb all around. the show finishes with a parade modeled on the samba theme and is finished by spectacular fire works. OVERALL A SUPERB EXPERIENCE, MUST VISIT
My first visit to HK Disney which I enjoyed very much as it is only small and wasn   t too busy. I have only been to the parks in America but I would recommend HK if visiting Disney with small children as by comparisons it   s a manageable size.
There are 3 ways to go to Disneyland from Hong Kong International Airport: (1) Disney train direct to Disneyland (2) Airport train ride and a bus ride (3) taxi. We ended up taking a taxi as it worked out cheaper and it took less than 15 minutes to get there. It was fairly early in the morning, around 7am, and Disneyland itself didn   t open until 10:00am, so we went straight to the hotel and had buffet breakfast at the restaurant where some of the Disney characters will come out and interact with the guests and take pictures with you. We also ended up keeping our luggage at their storage for free! They also have free shuttles going to from Disneyland from the two hotels in the area that runs every half hour. If you are going direct to Disneyland, they have lockers for your things onsite too, and it will be cheaper than renting a locker at the airport.It   s not a big one compared to the ones in US and Europe but it   s a fair size that you could spend a whole day there and still have something left to do. Most people take 2 days or so on average to enjoy it to the fullest. There various stores, 2 3 parades in a day, tons of rides, and shows. Since it is in Hong Kong, everything is both in English and Cantonese (I think).Grab the schedule of events shows and the map, which is in a shed on the right side before the entrance. You will need it to plan your day to make sure you catch the different shows and parade times. Also, I cannot rave enough about the Ironman Experience (ride). I wasn   t even really planning to go, but that was a fun surprise! Make sure to try it!This place will make you feel like a kid     it really is a happy place!
Just like any other Disneyland in the world, this small theme park will make any adult feel like children again. Though it been 11 years since it opened, you won't feel like that. I could see that they keep upgrading it anytime new Disney's character coming. I went there first time in 2013 and there was no fairy tale garden at that time. This is my third times visiting HK Disneyland and I always feel enchanted with their magical atmosphere. Though this park a way much smaller than any other Disneyland, but they keep it compact and attractive. And since a new Disneyland opened in Shanghai last year, so there was less tourists from Mainland China (which is good for me). I recognize that all staffs can understand at least 3 languages; cantonese, mandarin, and english in quite good. Keep performance well!
Fantastic theme park. Fun for all ages.   Lose 1 star for the lack of vegetarian & vegan food options.
Small but perfectly formed, we've visited Eurodisney and compared to there it's smaller. However it also makes it more manageable time wise and for a day visit. Longest queue time was an hour but most rides were 30mins or so during our visit. Rides for young and big kids at heart! Lots of food stations and restaurants dotted around, toilets were clean and plentiful. There wasn't a parade at the end of the day due to the fact it had rained and health & safety because of this. However we stayed for the fireworks and this made up for it, worth staying for. MTR links were quick and direct and not too bad when exiting after the fireworks despite the big crowds.
Admittedly I have never been to other Disneylands, so I don't have a point of comparison, however I thought that HK Disney was pretty good. It is not a large park, but large enough when time was limited. I visited on a Saturday and most rides had long lines. It is worth downloading the App as it updates the wait time for rides and was handy in providing general information about the park. Gift shop was extensive in its range. We purchased some mouse ears and they threw in embroidery of the child's name, which was great. Food wasn't bad and they also had gluten free items on the menu which was unexpected. The site including railway station and grounds were well maintained and the Disney train was super cute with the Mouse shaped windows. Good value for the price and greatly enjoyed by the family.
1st time visit to Disneyland and it was Magical. Although it rained all day and made things difficult to explore, it didn't dampen our mood. Staff were welcoming and there were so much to see and do. We will definitely come back again and I would advise that you'll probably need a 2 day ticket to fully enjoy everything that Disneyland has to offer.
Very ordinary experience with most of the rides, experiences and shows rather outdated and in need of serious revitalizing.
We came here with a group of my son's school friends and parents.  What a marvellous day out!  Friendly and knowledgeable staff, too!
I went there with my family last week. It's a nice place but does not have the feel of Disneyland. Mostly because most of the themes are from newly acquired studios. For example there is quite a big Toy Story area. There is no Pirates of the Caribbean nor Haunted Mansion. The old steam train only has one stop. No Dinosaurs etc. It's a diet version of Disneyland. Can you enjoy yourselves? Sure. Check it out. You're already here.
Indeed the Hongkong Disneyland is a good experience specially the parade and the fireworks. Most of the rides were really made for kids. Some of it I got bored. Three times we fell in line and after waiting for sometime they told us there is a technical problem.Can be access by MTR.Regarding food, yes, it is expensive. But, there is a fast food inside near the Marvel area that sells 2pc chicken, 1 rice, 1 drink, and fries for 99hkd. The chicken are relatively big so you can just buy another rice and drink and make the meal for two.They will search your belongings if there are food.Recommended time to use here is opening till fireworks.
It's the smallest Disneyland. Really nice for younger kids though. Gift shop and their signature fireworks, princesses and figures, any essentials from Disney they have it all, just to a smaller scale and size. The restaurant is particularly good with food allergies. We were really impressed by their consciousness. They took extra mile to ensure the food is safe for our kid with allergy. Highly recommended if you are visiting Hong Kong.
This is our second trip here. It's great with young children especially due to its smaller size and more kid friendly rides. They don't have to walk as far. It was a little disappointing that the Lion King show was not on as it is a definite highlight of the park. The ground crew are not as  smiley  when compared to the Tokyo parks. Most people flock to Fantasy park but don't forget about the Toy Story section especially if you have young children.
This theme park is small by Disneyland standards but contains a number of themed areas with rides that can be enjoyed by everyone. We were lucky to go on a day that was after the Easter public holidays so the queues weren't very long at all (max. 20 min wait), and the queues also moved very fast. Staff can all speak English which is a huge bonus for western tourists. A number of food options available including a traditional Chinese restaurant which I found to be an interesting cultural experience not expected of a Disneyland. Overall I really enjoyed my visit to Disneyland Hong Kong, however, would stress that visiting on a non peak day would be essential.
As previous reviewers have mentioned, this is a large park but still quite small compared to other Disneylands. My wife has done the American ones and both me and the wife have done both Disneyland parks in Tokyo and also Paris. This is the smallest of the parks but don't let that put you off.We visited on a Tuesday in April and were there upon opening to purchase tickets. What surprised us about this park is the reasonably short queuing times. Within 15 minutes of opening, we had done Buzz Lightyear's Blaster TWICE   no queues whatsoever. When you compare this to what remains my favourite Disney park, Tokyo, the queue for this ride in Japan will often be over 90 minutes.We managed to most of the rides with our boys (8 and 3) given small waiting times. My sons enjoyed all the rides; the eight year old especially enjoyed the Star Wars ride. Price wise, entry isn't cheap nor is food, but you come to expect this in these theme parks.I would recommend a visit here, especially if you have young ones.
You just have to go! One day was OK, Two would have been a little better. I'd say 1.5 days are more than enough. We skipped the parade just to enjoy the rides at Tomorrowland. It was a blessing in disguise as there was hardly any queue. I would love to have seen the parade but we only had tickets for 1 day and sitting waiting for the parade would have been too boring for kids so rides it was. The castle is tiny (imagine font size 6) but the fireworks were 10x of what you can imagine. Kids on shoulders, not much of a view for us but amazing fireworks. It was a long show, not sure how many minutes but worth the weight of kids in our shoulders. Rides, go for all that you can. Shows, you're gonna miss some. Make sure you don't miss the Lion King. It's a MUST!!! Food, we are at the Royal Banquet Hall. Prices between HKD135 160. Fantasy land gardens I believe thats what it's called. Superb landscape. Take lots of photos. Oh Grizzly Bear Rollercoaster. Don't miss that. When it stops midway, you're not gonna expect what happens next... wink!
Seniors (65 ) can buy a two day ticket to Disneyland for HK$170   incredible value. Two days is plenty of time. Make sure you see the night parade   amazing. Access via the MTR is easy, and costs the standard fare   no gouging here.
It was amazing experience and fun. Although the rides for me most of them is not for adults but I still enjoyed them. The awesome part was we met disney characters such as Buzz lighter, Mickey mouse and Goofy. If you are planning to go there please make sure don't miss the fireworks at 2000hrs and the parade. I really enjoyed the fireworks for me my childhood dream everything came true that day. Thanks disneyland HK!
It is a place which our family always go. Well, nice staff and nice attractions. We did enjoy the park because it has a number of kids friendly facilities and equipment. You cannot compare this with the other Disneyland in other countries regarding the size but it is enough for you to spend one day.Recommended:1) Install the Apps then you know the waiting duration for each attractions and the timeslot for entertainment.2) reserve the restaurant once enter the park if you want to get a good position to watch night parade and firework.3) Try the new ironman attraction, it is quite interesting.
Hong Kong Disneyland is smallest when comparing with those in other cities. Most spots and games are similar, but some are lacking. One can finish in walking and playing around in shorter time. If you have been to Disneyland in USA and Japan, there is no surprise, and it is not really worth a visit. But if you have not been to any Disneyland before, perhaps you may like to have a try.
First time in Disneyland HK, and it far exceeded all our expectations. The theme park was very clean and very well kept, especially for being out of season. We were only there for one day, and there is too much to cover in just one day (especially with a 3 year old and a 10 Month old). The older child had a fab time on the rides she could go on (most of them were age appropriate).Didn't see enough of the characters, but I think downloading the app would have helped locating them.Remember to pack sun cream! And so see the parade!
HK Disneyland is small but that is more of a positive, we purchased two day pass and the Easter Sunday was quiet with q was no more than 30mins be prepared when it does get crowded it can take longer and it can be overwhelming. My family have gone to Disneyland Orlando, CA and that was our bench mark, however KL Disneyland had their charms and still we had a magical experience. As always use fast pass when you can and keep hydrated in the warmer months. Technically we could of done the whole park in one day but wanted to take it easy and our time, the new Iron Man experience was new as was some of the other rides. Toy Works was a hoot and the kids loved it. They have a dedicated train to DL via the MTR whiich is super efficient. Highly recommend to people who are first time visitors.
we really came for this attraction. i suggest to go for 2 days ticket because one day is not enough to fully visit all attraction inside disneyland. you will never regret this one, it is really magical and full of happiness place
We visited there at Easter Sunday. It was not so crowded and 30 mins Q time in average. My personal opinion is half day is good enough to explore. But make sure you got to stay till the end to experience the night light parade and fireworks.
Our visit was cut short by heavy rain, but the parade before this was great to see. Did not get a chance to go on many rides. Overall smaller than Tokyo Disney. But still a magical experience.
We are big Disney fans but we can say Hong Kong Disney doesn't compare to DisneyWorld in Florida It is on a much smaller scale
From what I've previously heard it's not a small park, like many have said. It's a clean place and well organised. Services are ok but the restaurants have expensive prices for the varieties of foods they have to offer. The rides were high quality. Don't go on a rainy day.
DON'T. expect a trip to be comparable to Florida or California. This park is much smaller. But that does have benefits. Queues tend to be much quicker,especially midweek and the park is very easy to navigate.Some rides have different queues for mandarin,cantonese or english commentaries..Very clean.Good selection of both Asian and western food outlets.Best way to travel there is on the mtr   cheap, fast and reliable
Went mid week with the family. Been to Disneyland in Japan, US and France previously. Never seen such short queues as we did in HK.It was literally a 5 minute queue for most rides. Sure, it is smaller than other Disney theme parks   but if the kids can go on rides multiple times over with little queueing   surely that is preferable? And it's not especially small, still takes a full day to see it all. Easy to access on the MTR. Took us about 50 minutes and two transfers from Kowloon. Use Google Maps to plot your route.Other reviews mention high expense of food   sure it is pricier than usual, but was not over the top in my opinion. I'm sure the queues are larger on weekends and peak times, but mid week   we had no issues. Well worth it if you have a weekday to kill in Hong Kong. Added tips: the kids can participate in the live action Star Wars show, register as Spacetraders   first in, best dressed. The discounted meal ticket (3 in 1 Supreme meal) may be worth exploring (check HK Disneyland website). Had no issues bringing in some snacks water. Bags are inspected for sinister items, but staff cared little re: external food.
There are plenty of attractions that we're not able to visit because of the queue. Our queue to take a separate photo with minnie and mickey mouse have consumed our two hours already.For this reason, we are coming back again to see all attractions. Disneyland was celebrating it's 10th anniversary when we visited.
I have been to the parks in the USA. This park is like a small version of those. It has a couple of the standards like It's a Small World and the Jungle Cruise (in Chinese or broken English   your choice). It has one great ride in Mystic Manor, which is really cool. Otherwise it is small Disney. Easy to do in one day. Buzz Lightyear is very fun.
My family of 2 adults and 3 kids really loved our day in Hk disneyland. We all love the iron man experience and mickeys philharmonic. Although the lines in the shows where a little chaotic it could not dampen our enjoyment..well its not call the happiest place on earth for nothing!
I guess it's pretty obvious that there can't be much that isn't fun about going to any Disneyland right. It's very easy to get there using the subway and also very affordable and safe. This was a really good month to go as the lines weren't long at all which made it even more pleasant. Some of the rides etc were close but it didn't matter. Food and cool drinks (and even water) are very pricey, you can pay up to 40 HKD for a water. There's quite a few restaurants, mostly traditional Asian food with a few  American  food stalls here and there. Overall, an amazing experience. And staying for the firework show over the castle at 8pm is definitely worth it.
This place is awsome and reminds us to our childhood experience. You wil need a full day to stroll down the park and enjoy every ride. Don't miss the firework in the evening right before the closing time. It was such a great place to go.
If you've never been to Disneyland or Disney World, this might be OK. If you have, you still might like the fireworks display that happens every night.
Very nice place for my kids even me and my wife we enjoy there and you should go Early and wait till evening to see the fire work , advice don't go on hong kong holiday it will be tooooo many people it's hard to try most of the game
Booked through Klook and took the Mtr to Disneyland. Went just after lunch and spent hours walking aound the sections and stayed for the Parade & Light show. The 6yr old in me (now 62yrs) just loved Disneyland. The lines were good for the rides and you must go on the Carousel and go the see Its A small World section. Loved Loved Loved it.
Well, according to my daughter. This is the happiest place on earth.What ever happens. Don't forget to download the hong kong disneyland app. In the app. You can open the map. You can see (needs internet connection) where your at in the park realtime. And also, you can also see what attractions have long lines etc. The park is devided into 4 sections. Main street, tomorrow land, fantasy land and adventure land. The parade takes place at the main street. The other 3 have rides.
Our company gave us an out of the country trip to HongKong DIsneyland. Hongkong Disneyland is awesome. Everyone, no age limit, can enjoy the place. There are different kinds of attractions for different kinds of people. One day is not enough to tour and maximize your visit. Overall, it was an awesome experience for everyone. (November 2015)
Visiting Disneyland park is always a dream for every child. It is like a dreamland and is very well managed. This is altogether is not similar to other amusement parks. It is actually Disneyland :) ...Jokes apart... Visited for the Full day and we enjoyed a lot. If you have kids than it is a must visit place. The icing to the cake was the evening parade and fire crackers which should not be missed as part of the Disneyland Trip. Overall it is one of the best experiences to have.
Going to Disneyland with the kids is always a great time. They had several rides that were unique and well worth the trip. The kids loved the live shows and the fireworks. It is a tad small and two days was more than enough. The western food was of poor quality but the Chinese food was great.
We go to Disneyland very regularly & we love it. But here's what I've learned.It is always WAY hotter than on HK island. Think 10 degrees hotter. Take Sunscreen, hats or an umbrella for shade. A taxi from HK island with no traffic (not realistic some days) takes only 30 minutes. Way less hassle than 2 trains with small kids.Don't queue to meet the characters. Book well in advance for the enchanted restaurant buffet for dinner at the Disneyland resort hotel. They run shuttles. The characters go to every table. You can get tons of photos, a reasonable feed, & the kids will be beside themselves with excitement.Work out the parade time. And then stake out somewhere shady to watch it from. Best to be away from the park entrance as you just end up waiting way longer there. Take the road past tomorrowland for the most efficient viewing. When the kids need to cool down go to buzz light year or mickeys philharmonic.
It's very fun and enjoy play in the Disney theme park. But very crowded and long Q for all the games.
While it is the smallest of the parks we have visited, it feels like Hong Kong Disney opted for quality vs quantity. We found it refreshing to be able to see the park without rushing from ride to ride to see everything. As hotel guests, we were fortunate enough to be able to experience Iron Man, which was in its soft opening phase, and space mountain still had the Star Wars overlay. But it was the unique takes they had on rides that resulted in my two thumbs up. Mystic Manor was amazing, Grizzly Gulch was a good thrill and Jungle Cruise has it's own unique twist. Even more impressive was the in park dining. It was brilliant to walk away from a quick service meal having had something equally tasty and healthy. I admired the multilingual approach that rides took, often catering for Cantonese, Mandarin and English languages in clever ways. The best example of this was Mickey and the Wonderous Book. The only downside we found was the photopass, which operates and the same system as Shanghai, and there are simply not enough photopass photo opportunities!As we wanted to visit for three days and the tickets offered were a maximum of two days, we were recommended to look at upgrading to an annual pass, which we did and as a result have tacked Hong Kong onto our Tokyo trip.
I loved it. I'm an absolute Disney fiend though. The park was very clean (similar to other parks), and the cast were all very friendly. Didn't have very long wait lines for almost everything except in Fantasyland. Good dining food, but not great snacks like at some of the other parks. Would've liked to buy a hot dog or something more than popcorn but not ice cream. A bit small, would only need 1 day there. Easy to get to using the MTR.
True to its promise, Disneyland is one of the best places to visit even for the young at heart. By the way, do you know that senior citizens (65 years old and above) get big discounts in their ticket. Also, the Mickey show was really good.
HK Disney was able to capture the magic of Disney.  It is large enough to cover the essential happy thoughts and small enough to make it a convenient walk adventure espcially for the little ones and the elderly.
We buy two day tickets and no need to rush. The park is not much big and could be visit all activities within a day. The HK DISNEY app is good to located to place and waiting time.
We just returned from our latest trip to Hong Kong and a visit to Hong Kong Disney. It did not disappoint. It is an English speaking Disney with wide tree lined sidewalks. Crowding is not an issue as it is in the United States as there is plenty of room to walk around. The park doesn't open until about 10am with some rides opening at 11am, like Small World. I recommend starting at the back of the park, then working your way to the front, since we have seen everyone else doing the opposite. Had no trouble riding everything multiple times, never needed a fast pass. The most beautiful Small World (and largest) is located here. It has a bridge and is just breath taking if you are a Small World fan. You may need a respirator when you see the size of it. Overwhelming for sure. Mystic Manor is an outstanding ride that rivals anything I have seen (technologically) at Disney World in Orlando. To get to this park, it is very easy to take the train in and out. You'll arrive at a very pretty Disney train station. There is lots of pin trading here, and Hong Kong pins are easy to get. What great souvenirs! Because this location is so close to the Big Buddha, you could do both on the same day. Go to Buddha in the morning (early) and beat the heat, then train over to Disney since they do not open until 10am. You can do this park in a day. Great for all ages.
If you have never visited any other Disney Park in the world, then this is a nice beginner's experience. The park is small and on a non peak day, you can ride all the rides in about three hours. I went to the park on a holiday peak day, but the longest line I had to wait on was marked 35 minute wait time but it was only 20 minutes. The Iron Man experience is the only exclusive ride there. Everything else can be found in other Disney Parks. (It's A Small World. Hyper Space Mountain, Buzz Lightyear's Astro Blasters, Winnie The Pooh, etc.). It is missing a lot of iconic Disney Rides   Splash Mountain, Cinderella Carousel, etc.If you don't go to this park, you won't really miss much. I would not call this a must do attraction. The Tian Tun Buddha on Lantau Island is a MUST DO instead.
This place is so magical you will be at your happiest in Asia! I say 1 whole day to cover the area, 2 days to enjoy parades and rides and 3 whole days to enjoy all attractions and shows! We stayed in the Disney Hotel, thus the great access and we were able to rest a few then return to the park energized!
It is always lovely to visit Disneyland. With my 9 year old boy a day was enough time since we did not chase characters for pics. We had a lot of fun spotting all the Easter eggs and going on rides! It is our third visit just in HK and we still enjoyed it very much!
Went to Disneyland yesterday and had the time of our lives. It was way beyond my expectations and my 7 year old Daughter loved every minute of it. We got there early and got into the rides straight away and waited no longer than 15 minutes. The rides are fantastic such as the small world, mystic manor plus many more. I was totally surprised at the quality of the place, the way it's run and the amount of activities to do. 10 10.
We visited on a weekday   and headed straight to the most popular rides at 10am. This was a good strategy   queue was 5 minutes. The Grizzly Mountain ride was also a lot of fun. We did this twice and was worth the longer queues. We ate at the ethnic food section (Japanese, Korean, Indian) at 12pm. Lots of seating. Food was good value and yummy (for Disneyland). Included a drink. They took credit cards.
I loved Disney! It is a small park compared to Florida so probably one day or two is enough. I enjoyed the parades and the rides. We used the fast pass for iron Man ride and definitely was a time saver.
The only downfall was the unfortunate rainy weather whoch meant the parade had to be cancelled but the fireworks still went off with a bang!Plenty to do and see, not the largest of parks but theyve maximised the space.Food and drink avalible throughout the park and personally didnt think pricing was too bad, same as souvenirs. I purchased a tshirt for HK $200.Wasn't on my list of places to see in Hong Kong but glad we went. Trains run frequently to the park as well
I'm writing this review so that other travellers can get an idea of how busy it is at Hong Kong Disneyland during the Ching Ming festival. I could not find any information about how busy it would be on this particular public holiday so hopefully this information will be helpful for someone else.As we came in on a cruise we couldn't pick our day of arrival (or the time unfortunately) As a result we arrived late in the afternoon. Yes it was a little crowded but we didn't have to queue more than half an hour for our desired rides. We didn't get to check out all the classic rides at Fantasyland because we ran out of time. This was because we were forced to arrive so late in the day, not because we spent ages queueing elsewhere in the park.The only rides that we saw queues that went for more than an hour were in the Toy Story area. Luckily we weren't too fussed about going on them.This is definitely a park for younger children. We had children aged from 5 to 11 and they all loved it. None of the roller coasters have loops and the rides don't go too high on the thrill factor. The only characters we lined up for were at Tomorrowland. The line to see both BB8 and Chewbacca were really short. No one in our party were particularly interested in seeing Mickey and Co. so I couldn't tell you how long the wait was. Ask every staff cast member that you see if they have stickers. We became obsessed with collecting them.We bought the play and dine offer available on the website which meant that we got a free meal. The staff at the restaurant in Tomorrowland were really helpful to explain what we could order. The food was of a theme park standard. Plenty of western options available if your young one isn't open to trying the Asian options.Our highlights were the fairy garden, mystic manor, hyperspace mountain and the awesome fireworks show at the end of the day.I also had trouble trying to find out how much the Minnie Mouse ear headbands cost before coming to the park so here's the prices as at 4th April 2017: The headband with sequins was HKD138 and the plain polka dot ones were HKD118. My boys weren't really interested in the options available for them so I can't tell you how much the goofy hats cost.If there's a good deal going on cheap flights to Hong Kong i'm tempted to try and visit with the kids again (if only to get all the stickers, mwah hahahahaha!)
Kids always happy to go to Disneyland. They can meet their favourite character and play in the park. Parade also nice. When we went there, there are day parade and night parade as well. My kids also join the jedi training and really enjoy to be part of the show.
This was an adventure,,we thought that our boy (11years) would like it most,but we parents maybe like it better, he is in a age that it maybe is embarissing to like theese things!It is very expensive like all other amusemnt parks, but worth it!Would recommend this to everyone.
We visited for my husbands birthday and had a great time. We stayed overnight at the Disneyland Hotel and were in the park at 10am when it opened, there were very short queues on all the rides which was an amazing experience having just been in Florida the month before where we regularly waited 1 2 hours for all the big ticket rides.There aren't many big rides for adults and only two adult rides that you can use fast passes on.
Took my daughter, son in law and grandsons. Wow! Amazing. We had a 2 day pass and it was great. Watching the boys faces light up will stay with me forever. Very well done. Set out perfectly. Loved Disneyland   my third one now. Do it all again tomorrow if I could.
At 35, i felt like a little boy again as I enter the park. It is that magical Disney experience! I am glad I enjoyed it as much as my little daughter, together with my wife. This is Disneyland Hong Kong, a must go for everyone!
Hk Disneyland has grown over the years and there is now so much more to see and do.  Shame that only every second toilet was available for use ...made queues quite long in some areas.  Waste of valuable time !
They have expanded the park over the years and it wasn't crazy busy even though it was a Sunday. The new iron man experience is pretty cool and buzz light year is always fun. Enough to do for a full day now that the park has expanded over the years.
Recommend to go during off peak times if you can! We didn't have wait so long for rides we could go on it again after getting off! It was great! I enjoyed the rides there apart from some which were closed due to refurbishment and also the lion king show was closed too. Overall, was a fun day with friends and was so happy to take pictures with Mickey and Minnie finally after my 3rd time visiting there! Highly recommend for family and friends fun place to visit.
Has all the spirit and fun of the other Disneyland's but with less extreme rides and less queuing. Ironman was great. Definitely worth a visit if you like the magic of Disney.
Do not miss Disney when you go to HK. What an amazing couple of days, even with small children (5 and 2.5 years). Busy but not over crowded and wait times for rides were quite good. Hotels close by with regular clean, friendly shuttles. Definitely put this on your list!
In order to differentiate this review from others, my opinion might be relevant to other Europeans visiting Disney Hong Kong whilst on holiday. We visited for one day right at the end of our 2 week trip around China and initially thought that all the logistics about what to do with our luggage would make the visit overly difficult. We solved this by checking in our 3 large hold suitcases at 9am at Kowloon Station for our later 11pm flight (a great idea from HKG airport) and then leaving our 3 hand luggage items in a large locker on Main St once inside the attraction (100 hkd for the day). At the fund of the day we then took the MTR from Disney to Tsing Yi MTR and the hopped onto the airport express line using our previously bought return tickets.Travel aside, we ( dad, mum and 8 y.o.) really enjoyed our single day here and felt that we had seen all we had wanted to see in a day. Others mention always spending 2 days in he park and I guess this would allow for a more leisurely experience but for us 10am to 6pm worked. In contrast when we visited Paris about 3 yrs ago there was no way to cover most things in a day   overall we felt as if Disney HKG was smaller than Paris, but this was no ad thing for us. Lastly, our personal highlights were the Lion King show, the Iron Man 3D simulator and meeting Chewbacca...
Visited the Hong Kong Disney park during our stopover.As others have said, the park is not huge but has some good rides for all ages. we were able to fill pretty much a full day (despite awful weather) and the park is easily accessible on the MRT (with Disney themed trains)
My first ever visit to any Disneyland and had a great day. They have a priority time arrangements for the key rides whereby you book in and get priority access during your allotted time   allows you to see other things rides and come back and let inTry and position yourself for the 3 parades across the day and stay for the fireworks. Plenty of food options across the park.Transport is best using the MTR network, the trains returning are regular and you didn't have to line up, due to frequency. If I have one recommn cation, save the time and try purchase your entry tickets at your hotel, saves waiting in the long line to get in !!
This place was on our bucket list. So visited with our children. Overall a nice place. Typical Disneyland. We booked tickets through Klook, which got us Auto magic access without any need to wait in ticket lines. Automagic is nothing but getting your printed tickets from a machine by using QR code on your Klook tickets. So we just walked in within no time. All attractions are very nice. But the highlight is Disney Character parade during the day and in the evening with fireworks. The only difference is that the parade songs are in Mandarin language. A must do attraction is R Racer in Toy Story land something very thrilling. Make sure that you occupy the benches in front of Castle at around 615 630pm. That's the place with the best view of evening parade and fireworks.
Disneyland is beautiful and awesome but not better then Singapore universal studio,out not food not allowed one water bottle and baby food allowed,Disney land tour is full day experience,7 pm lighting show 8 pm fire work show don't miss.
Been to the park 6 times as we always buy a 2 days pass. Disney magic is simply because they make each rides better than other theme parks. It is little things, could be like adding interactive feature or making the ride longer where you feel it was worth trying for every ride. You have to go though on a weekday or buy an express pass. You should also go when it opens. The rides in tomorrow land and fantasy land are usually long since it is close to entrance. The farther sections would have less. The shows are also great, the lines are long even on a weekday and I recommend falling in line early like as soon as they let people in so you seat at the front. Then there's the parade and fireworks. So one day is never enough.
We came here the day after a holiday. Coming from Southern California I always expect Disneyland to be busy with long lines. But we must have been lucky. The park was empty. We never waited more then 15 minutes for any ride or show. The layout and rides of the park are similar then the California Disneyland. They are just themed differently.Compared to California Disneyland, park tickets were fairly cheap. Check with your hotel if they offer any discounts on tickets. We were able to save about 50 HKD per ticket by ordering tickets through our hotel.Overall, we had a great time here. It was really neat too see a differently Disneyland then we are use too. Our favorite ride was the Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars ride. Definitely a great twist to the Thunder Mountain ride back at home.
I visited HK Disneyland for the very first time with my wife , my brother and my wife kids , 4 and 11 years old.I just have to say that this was a lifetime experience. The park is not as big as the one on Orlando but it has fantastic attractions to enjoy with the family. One day of course is not enough to visit all the attractions . I suggest to buy the 2 day pass in order to have plenty time to visit all the wonderful themed worlds around the park.My favorite , the mine roller coaster!! Before the park closes its door at around 8:30 pm , there is an amazing fireworks show which is the perfect way to close this unforgivable experience! Thank you Disney!
As far as Disney goes this is a clean and friendly park. Everything stocked and open. Can do this in 2 full days with children. The lines aren't long. Except if you want a photo with characters Mickey and Mini  get there as soon as they open or half an hour before and go to the main circle and start lining up first. The first day we caught the train from central HK city  terrible idea   took too long to get there. Caught an uber home. Very quick, luxury and not too much more than the train (family of 5). Next day uber there and back. The only downside I would say is lack of food options and availability. If you're travelling with young children take food and drinks. It takes too long to go and find a food stall and then when you do they only serve the same thing   nothing healthy.
It is great to spend your day here,, especially with your bestfriend.. dont forget to buy miny mouse hat, cotton candy, and rainbow balloon,,, so instagramable...
Its like any other Disney theme park with multiple zones. We liked the Tomorrow Land, Toy Story Land and the Grizzly Gulch. Unfortunately on the day of our visit, a lot of rides and restaurants at Adventure Land were closed. We enjoyed every bit of our stay but the queue lines were a bit long for comfort. If there are not enough people, park staff should open up gates so that visitors do not have to traverse the longer routes.
Smaller than other Disney Parks but a welcome and fun place to visit for everyone. Good ticket prices, discounts for seniors, less expensive than other Disney Parks; great offers for family visits to the park and resort. THE DISNEY TRAIN IS A MUST   has Mickey shaped windows, character statues in niches on train and just wait until you see the Train station at the resort
A bargain compared to the other Disney parks, but well worth it. Lines are not bad at all for a Disney park and with fast passes you can manage your day well. We did the two day pass and did not run out of things to do. We will definitely return again.
Compared to Los Angeles and Tokyo Disneyland, HK Disneyland is jut average but if you are a first timer, that's OK
For those who have been to the original Disneyland in California you know that special feeling it has. This park is modelled very closely to that park and you almost get that feel. It has some great attractions and an amazing location surrounded by lush green mountains.
I recently visited HK Disneyland for the second time in March 2017. A large percentage of the venues were  under maintenance . We were disappointed there were so few rides to go on and most importantly, they no longer have curry popcorn! I was shocked they had discontinued this, the curry popcorn was out of this world! We aren't so much into the characters anymore, but I can't recall seeing any characters walking around either. It hardly felt like Disneyland. Next trip to Hong Kong, we'll stick with Ocean Park.
Expensive tickets and expensive food inside premises.  Few choices of rides. Long queues (each lasted more than an hour). Too crowded!
Disney is a magical experience by itself always! It was my third time but it was as exciting as the first time! Disney, has this 'feel great' sense that overcomes you almost as soon as you see Mickey welcoming you at the gates! The experience just gets more wonderful from there on... Disney, has the best places to eat and the parades get better each time. This time was the spring parade and the welcoming band, it's such a pleasurable experience. My fav ride is Space Mountain, thrilling pitch dark roller coaster zooming on the rails whilst Star Wars tells you a story in the background! My tip is: do your shopping as you're going through the park and have the cashier desks deliver your parcels to the main counter at the exit. They will give you your bill and a pink slip. All you have to do is cut short the fireworks time by 5 minutes to collect your parcel from the exit gate's main counter before the park shuts. This way you can walk light as you explore the park, still do your shopping since waiting to visit Main Street till the night parade leaves you in a mad rush and crazy billing lines.
It's nice to be in Disneyland. It's makes me relax and happy. Going back to be a child again. No problem, no worries, very happy.
Rules for parents going to Disney HongKong. Buy the tickets to disneyland line. Book in advance.Plan your rides and shows ahead , as soon as you get in. Get in early and spend about 15 To 20 mind for this. We started with tomorrow land and the Star wars and iron man experience and worked our way around. Get the fast pass to the rides early so you don't waste time. And don't miss Grizzly gulch and the mystic manor.
In essence with everything you could be in America, just a few variations but mainly it hasn't the scale of its Florida La counterpart, still worth a visit but found it suffered from a lack of choice of rides
Many say HK Disney is smaller that some of its overseas cousins.....so what !everything is there and the only suggestion I would make is to do your research and get there early in the day as the crowds increase as the day goes on.We were there this month ( April) so the weather was near perfect.If you lan to have a sit down lunch hit that early and enjoy more attractions while others are in the lunch queue !
I'd never been to a Disney park before, so I have nothing to measure it against the others around the world, but compared to other amusement parks I have visited, this was very slick, very clean and very well run   as you'd expect. I don't think I saw a queue of more than 40 minutes, however, nearly all of the lines for the rides I went on were no more than 20 minutes in duration. All of the staff (or cast as they're called) were on the ball and helpful   you can see how well they're trained. The parades were choreographed to perfection and wowed the youngsters. My only gripe... in all of the shops I visited (and there are many), I couldn't find a single book for my kids   surely people want more than t shirts, cuddly toys and action figures still... don't they?
One day wouldnt be enough to enjoy everything that the place offers but you gotta pick the best ones that caters to your desires.
My first Disneyland. The land was fantastic, the worlds were awesome to see. The characters were all dressed in their Christmas outfits. Very expensive to eat and buy souvenirs. Lots of food choices and plentiful seating. The rides were all slow and short, like they were built only for children. Lots of toilets and wonderful atmosphere. When your in hong kong you should catch the Mickey mouse train and spend the day explorong just for the fun.
This a quite a small Disneyland in comparison the California but is still good fun. I did think the staff wore very dull clothes as did Mickey and Minnie. I have been to other disneyland and the staff wear brightly coloured clothing so they are distinctive. A few more eating places would have been helpful.
Fun rides which are not too thrilling. Suitable for all ages. One day trip is just nice to cover all attractions.
I actually don't feel that I was in a Disneyland. That was a weekday but there were so many people. I don't even meet any characters there! Nevertheless it did not take long to queue and we managed to see the new iron man show which is fantastic. There were not a lot of eateries around except popcorns! The fireworks and parade were great though. Overall I don't get that fantasy feeling at all but we still enjoyed ourselves with our family. By the way the castle is really small...
been here twice.....second time was last march with my family.....even i rode the rides so many times...i still feel like i am young....hahahaha.....food still expensive but quite okay for such a place you just have to be ready....bring water and nnot so obvious snack.....they wont bother...like cookies.....hidden cheesburger hahahaha...and water..they will allow 1.5 litter water we brought in outtside.....water inside the oar iis so damn expeNSive.....UPDATE: SELFIE STICKS are no longer allowed to be used inside the park for safety reasons..........
This park is much smaller than the one in Anaheim, but our family of four still enjoyed it. It wasn't too crowded so we were able to get on our favorite rides multiple times. There are some rides here that aren't in Anaheim, most notably the Iron Man Experience which I thought was really awesome! I went on it three times and loved it. The rest of my family really liked Grizzly Gulch, especially at night time when it was lit up.All in all, it's not a must for first time visitors to Hong Kong, but if you've already done all the other tourist sites, then make sure you give this Disneyland a try.
People say disney parcs are the happiest places on earth. It's true. The parc is not that big but perfect for a day trip. You can do everythin in one day, if you don't have to cue too long. Make sure to avoid weekends or public holidays. Since last time we went the added the irin man and star wars attractions. Both were fun. The parc is, together with hong kong off course, a must do in Asia (with kids).
We were a group of 9 people together. Tnkfully one of the family carried some food. the park opens at 10 but there are 2 sections. The shops and cafeterias section and the rides section. the rides area only open at 10.30 but the characters click pics with you and keep you busy and hydrated. Make sure you visit any amusement pask on a Monday. The rush is less. There are many rides but mostly creative. Slow. There are no roller coasters in this. Except in the TOYS section one Horse shoe shaped ride.There are 2 parades worth watching and missing everything else in the world. Everything ends with a sound and fireworks show. Worth a visit one.
It is an amazing place with so many fun colorful rides, characters and foods. There are amazing Disney themed foods that are just adorable and delicious! Souvenirs are so cute and fun   definitely good for a present. You can make so many memories with snapshots of you and any Disney character imaginable. There are rides for all ages! The amount of fun is equal for all ages! All in all Hong Kong Disneyland is a must visit place and will definitely fulfill your childhood.
I did enjoy my first visit to Disneyland and I'm sure your children will do as well. Easy to go there, tourist friendly. with all the information you need.
This is a magical place where your childhood dreams come to life! Prepare for loads of picture taking with the characters and shopping! Who doesn't want a souvenir from this place?   Look out for the parade that the characters are in as well.
Second visit to a Disneyland after a family trip to California 12 years ago. 15 of us ranging from 15 to 76 years of age and the park did not disappoint. Much smaller than the original but enough to keep all excited and engaged for a full day.
Been there back in 2009 , and the park has not changed that much . The train ride around the park was so bad . After one stop they made you get off and get back in line for the next one . My wife complained as I am disabled but they did not care .Still a fun pace to go
Everything perfect. We visited early April so not too many people and almost no queues.  We enjoyed our day and will definitely visit again when coming back to Hongkong. If you have time, then take 2 days pass. Just a little more expensive but worth
Cost us around   60 each for a ticket, which we didn't think was bad value to get into a Disney park. First off I have to say we have been lucky enough to visit Orlando Disney on many occasions so we found it difficult to not compare the two parks. We found staff to be lovely whenever we encountered them, no issues at all. The park was clean. We went to the Iron Man experience and have to be honest we all found it a little disappointing, it was a nice ride but think we expected more from it. We rode the Toy. Story space rangers ride which was the same a Orlando but it kept stopping   not sure if it was a technical issue but did detract from the ride a little. Witnessed some inconsiderate behaviour in the queues   people coming out the queues then literally shoving past people to get back in. We queued for a while to ride the Jungle River Rapids, we weren't overly impressed with this ride (although the staff worked hard to make it fun). We then went to Toy Story Land and rode the Racing Car ride   waited for 1 2 hour but it was well worth it   great ride. It was a nice day out, the castle was very underwhelming compared to Orlando, the park in general was much smaller but it is a nice park and worth a visit. We went on the MTR which was very easy to find our way to Disney,
Get there for it opening   we went in April and waited no more than 10 minutes for a ride   most 5 mins or straight on. Plenty of eating options and big range of souvenirs to buy. MTR very easy and cheap to get there.
Notes on my review; my wife and I went as a couple to HK (didn't bring the kids along) and were on a tight budget. We haven't been to any other Disneyland theme parks. But we definitely made this as a  cannot miss  itinerary during our first visit to HK. 1). Be prepared for a lot of walking   It is a large theme park, so make sure you wear comfortable shoes (or slippers sandals), bring sufficient drinking water (depending on how much hydration you need), and wear comfortable clothing (depending on weather forecast or season). Moving from one theme area to another involves quite a lot of walking if you sum it all up. I had my pedometer on and clocked over 13k steps for the whole day we spent there. 2). Buy your ticket online   Decided to buy our tickets online to save a bit and avoid the queue at the ticket booths there. So when we got to Disneyland we were able to skip the line for tickets and went straight to the entrance. (We went on a weekday so I noticed the line wasn't so bad. But it does add to the time you waste waiting in line) 3). Allocate a whole day for this visit   With the size of the park, plus the different attractions, rides or activities. You definitely will need to plan this as a whole day visit. We were there from 11am to 8pm (to watch the fireworks) and we were just a couple visiting. If your bringing children along, being earlier (be there by 10am) will definitely give you a more relaxed pace to go around and enjoy a lot of the attractions. 4). Weekend or Weekday?   Important note, we went on a weekday so I don't have first hand experience on weekend volume of people (its just a hunch). If milling around in a park with a LOT of people trying to get in line to the different attractions is NOT your thing then I suggest going on a weekday. Fewer people   shorter lines   more attractions to visit or ride. Granted there are some attractions that might be closed, but its just a handful so it was not a big deal for me. Longest wait time we had for an attraction was at the carousel and it took us approx 10mins to get seated. I can just imagine the weekday crowd pushing the wait time to at least twice that duration (just a hunch). 5). Bring your own water and food   being on a budget, we brought our own food and water. At first I was thinking these might not be allowed but we got them through and saved some money. For portability we brought a few sandwiches and 3L of water (for the both of us). 6) Notes on gadgets   make sure your phones cameras are fully charged and bring extra powerbanks and maybe memory (if you tend to take a ton of pictures and videos) if your phone camera has limited capacity. Having pictures and videos of your visit is a mortal sin (okay, not a sin but helps build nice memories) when visiting Disneyland. There are also certain areas with free wifi in the park so that helps you in updating your twitter, instragram or facebook accounts as you are experiencing the wonder of Disneyland. 7). Check the schedule of activities on their website or app   To make sure you don't miss on any major shows   activities. Make sure to check their website or app for whatever is happening on the day you plan to visit. This will help you decide what to watch or visit as some shows or activities overlap one another. 8). Check the HK forum for advice, suggestions and tips on Disneyland   I'm an organized   planning person, so doing research on where I'm visiting is a must. Check the HK forums here at Tripadvisor and you'll get tons of advice or answer to questions.
GET THERE EARLY! Being the first time at this park I thought it was ok. I would love to bring the grandkids here as they would love it. I enjoyed all the attractions. Two were closed for refurbishment so if you are keen on a particular area, I would contact ahead to avoid any disappointment. Reasonably priced as far as parks go. Overall, great for kids. One thing to mention, the boat ride can scare the really little ones as I observed one poor little fella upset with the noise.
Good place for kids to have fun. We booked for 2 days as we were sure we could not all things in one day. The rides were good especially the grizzly gulch and space mountain. Since I have a daughter she was more interested in the princess and the shows
What can say   I wish we could come back again. One thing I would advise the Park's administration to think about is some quiet air conditioned places for people to have some rest. At the moment we can see grannies who sleep under the bridge or mothers with small kids who feed them on a windowsills in Disney stores and staff members who chase them. That would be really customer friendly.
This was my second Disney visit the first one was Tokyo. Well, what can I say? I didn't really enjoy this as much as the Tokyo one. This was smaller. And the manners of the locals were so appalling that I would never come back again. Some kids were peeing in the middle of the square.. It's like the culture of the land is that you're allowed to be rude, disgusting and the road is your personal toilet. Would not come again..
Great day out .... especially with a 5 year old.... we got there early and enjoyed the park without massive crowds
Convenience, Staffs are friendly ,, there are not many rude mainland ppl,, didnt need to line up for long time for rides,   There are several restaurants provide nice food.
Do not expect Hong Kong Disney to be anything like FLORIDA or even LA.But the park is to the usual high standard you can expect from Disney with many of the all time favorite attractions and a few new ones as well.Stay for the parade and the fireworks to make it a full day
I've been to HK Disneyland several times. It just never fails to make me feel like a child again! There are shows like the Lion King Festival that brings me to tears. Now that Star Wars is part of the park, Disneyland is really a fantasy come true for me. There a good restaurants in the park and don't miss all the parades and fireworks! Maximize your visit by being there before the park opens and leave after the park closes.
A truly magical holiday   the park experience was great. Though it wasn't a big park, but there were enough things to do and meet our favourite characters. One of the best things was the shows   not to be missed as well as the night parade which was really fascinating.Staying at the resort really gave it an overall excellent experience and this was an unforgettable holiday.
I've been here last Christmas. The weather is nice, the atmosphere is great! Disney's always Disney's, the place with no age, no time. Everything is fun. You can meet all the characters alive! If you come to Hong Kong for any kinds of trip, don't forget to have some fun here.
As 3 adults looking for a fun escape from reality for a few hours... Disneyland fit the bill! The staff are all smiling, the rides provided moderate thrills... Runaway Mine Cars was the most thrilling and the parade left you with that warm, fuzzy feeling that I have come to associate with the joy of Disney! A small Disney bundle of fun!
My friends all told me to visit on a weekday and i sure am glad i listened to them, i didn't have to wait long for most of the rides, so yes,,, try and come on a week day.This is my first visit to a Disney Land and its pretty cool, the food is definitely pricey, but you expect that for an attraction, plan to spend the whole day here to get your moneys worth, say till the end for fireworks etc.It seemed large to me at first, but a few days later i visited the Tokyo Disney land and USJ in Osaka and this is definitely smaller. Overall great for kids and adults but just be careful as some of the rides are not explained properly and young children while they might be taller enough still might not like the twists and turns...
Was pricey to get in as Disneyland across the world is. Food not great, however the entertainment and the parade were both good. The night parade was brilliant, so were the fireworks. Might be worth bringing own food and drinks as it is very expensive. But then again it is most likely a once in a lifetime trip, so not a big issue! Shopes were packed full of great toys. The star wars and iron man ride were very good!
We had a great couple of days at Hong Kong Disneyland with our three small children. It was small enough to get round in two days and all the children were able to go on enough rides together that it made it worthwhile. We have visited three other Disney lands worlds across the world and this is definitely the smallest, but perfect for young children. The major issue at the park is the staff   they are definitely lacking the Disney magic that you come to expect, especially in the American parks. They are often rude and very unhelpful, although you do come across the odd gem! We went on a Sunday and a Wednesday and the weekday experience was definitely way more enjoyable than the weekend which was VERY busy! Get there early, go and fast pass Winnie the Pooh first and you will have a fab day.
We purchased our tickets at the airport and it is much cheaper than online or direct. Don't forget to buy meal tickets as well because the food inside Disneyland is a bit pricey. Aside from the rides we got a bit gaga over original items that you can find in their stores and mind you there are plenty of stores scattered around the park! You should try the Grizzly ride and it's not for the faint at heart. Same with the mountain space ride. The new Toy story attraction is worth the longline and will definitely go back. Make sure to witness both the afternoon and evening parade of the charcters and the finale which is the fireworks display. It was exhausting and one day is not enough! You can plan a two day stay to really get to know the place.
Reached Disneyland station by around 10in the morning the park opens by 1030 so be there early! Book ticket online to avoid the rush there !!   Usual rush of 20mins per ride but choose your area first I would prefer going to the jungle river...More
Been four times and it is going down hill.Lion King is great but.  The staff are not what you expect of DISNEY
very nice spread. all the activities, Thrills, rides and attraction are amazing. We fully enjoyed. One is definitely not enough. You need alteast 2 days to enjoy all attractions. You should be ready to walk lot. but having good facilities. the Disney attractions, parade is very nice. children enjoyed most.
The very worst thing about thisDisney land is the smoking!!!  They smoke anywere,even in the little park for toddlers,I made a complaint,but they didn't want to know.  The place is very clean,and I did enjoy the live shows
After massive cues rides and restaurant were really good.  Small and manageable to navigate This Disney was perfect for a day.
The place is a replica of the ones in LA and Florida though much smaller in size. The security gong in is rather tight to prevent anyone bringing in food of their own. Restaurants inside are lousy!
very good.prepare to walk on and on.kids will love it,so will u.accessibility is not an issue.station just across the road.
Very crowded place even we were there on a Monday , the waiting line was always with 75 minutes waiting time which is crazy . The kids enjoyed the parade and we had also some food . I can't review the rides because we could not try because of the waiting time . We paid 2000hkd to walk in the park and another 800 hkd to eat some snacks way expensive and we did not try the rides because of the crowd . We did try only one ride which is taking pictures with a robot I waited also 20 minutes for it. Never again
Been there with a friend of mine in November 2016. We really enjoyed the rides and had a super great time there. Amazing night parade and fire works show. Felt like a child all over again!!
Hong Kong Disney was okay. Unlike in Florida where you are greated with smiles and they're are more charter visits. Hong Kong Disney was definitely lacking in this area. Tinkerbell also failed to show up at the fireworks which is the best part at Disney. The Lion King show was fabulous. Pooh ride was closed unfortunately:( polution level were also high when we went to Hong Kong not my favorite city for that reason.
Pretty disappointed. There isn't much to do here other than walk around the park. The 4d movie was good. There was a main stage play that everyone waited hours in line for but we found out after we waited for hours that it wasn't in English (unlike everything else). There was one ride, it was like a western gold rush ride and it was pretty good! We only saw one Disney princess very late in the day as we were leaving. It was always a dream to go to Disneyland but I was sadly so disappointed.
It was in May when I went to HK with my family. One of the places we had to see was of course, Disneyland. It was sure magical especially for children but there were also rides that are thrilling enough for adults. The only I hated was the weather. It was scorching hot when the parade was on so I kind of did not enjoyed that part. It was still amazing seeing Disney characters  com to life  though.I would definitely like to visit again but probably during winter.
It was our first time at a Disneyland hotel and it was truly a memorable experience. We stayed in the kingdom club room and the services they offer were truly luxurious. The resort is very nice and paradise for children. Definitely recommended for family holidays. Good service and food. Their charges are a bit premium but totally worth the money.
The park is great for day out with children. The size is not that big, so can cover in one day, however the queue times can be long, as it is popular.
We purchased the tickets to Hong Kong Disney Viatour. It is easier than buying them through the Disney website.We took the MTR and transferred to the Disney Line. The Disney experience starts with Disney Line. This train is pretty cool with Mickey shaped windows and hand holds. We can see the excitement in the kids riding this train! There is a little bit of walking from the training station to the park entrance. There were two food trucks on the way to the park entrance so you can stop to eat before or after visiting the park. The park itself is smaller than Disneyland or Disney World. That is a plus because we didn't get as tired going through the park. The Star War tour has been converted to an Iron Man Experience which we dubbed the  Stark Tour.  We always enjoy this ride. There is no Haunted Mansion here, instead they have the Mystic Manor ride. We loved it. The character creation, back stories, and animation is exceptional. This has become my daughter's favorite ride. There are many more of the fun disney rides. They have churros! We watched the parade in the afternoon and later the electric lights parade at night.Disneyland have buses to go to the resort hotels; but it is back where the train stop is; so it is quite a walk to get there. So be sure to plan ahead on the rides and getting to the resorts if you are having lunch there. Overall, a very enjoyable experience! We really liked the new rides.
Conveniently located; easy access to MTR. I went on a Monday and luckily it was not crowded. the maximum wait time i had for a ride was 20 mins. i went to all the rides. Lot of Children friendly rides. My 9 year old son enjoyed every moment of it, the Iron Man ride and Star Wars ride in tomorrow land were worth mentioning. Icing on the cake were the Parade of Mickey and gang and the Fire works display. A must visit in HK
Having seen Disney LA and Florida, the Disney setup in HongKong might slight not match up to the standards. You had the IronMan meet and greet which my son enjoyed. The only plus was since the setup was not as big, we could easily cover the entire attraction in a single day. Overall,my kids enjoyed and had a blast.
Games here more for children, nevertheless this very pleasant place to be visited by all ages.  It's just the price of food is quite expensive.
Enjoy, live , laugh, click lot of picture with you fav. Character.   Enjoy rides of characters.   Take a look at Klook app may you can fine some good offers for the Disneyland tickets.   Must visit if you want to go back in your childhood.
Before we hopped over to the park, we did a session for our two girls at Bibbidi Bobbidi Boutique. It is the make over studio for girls to become the princess of their dreams. My pre schoolers had great fun. One chose to be Rapunzel and one chose to be Anna. The staff were friendly and cheerful and put our girls at ease very quickly. After the make over, the photographer came to take photos of the girls. During the photo session, parents are welcome to take photos using their own cameras. Only 1 photo in a nice folder is included in the package. You can purchase more at additional costs (HKD 160 each or HKD 1600 for a hard coffee table book consisting of 10 photos). The staff were not pushy at all when it came to the photos. No pressure to purchase any additional photos at all. They also took home all the costumes, hairpiece, boxes of rings (Disney Princesses themed, of course), earring stickers and a little bottle of nail polish. Just a reminder, you have to make an appointment prior to the session. We made the appointment months before when we booked our room at the resort. I tried to change the appointment time closer to the day and was told the timing of our choice was full. I think they are quite busy. While we were in there, there was a steady stream of little princesses (to be) coming in and little princesses going out. And it was considered very low peak season when we were there as the park was not crowded at all. For 1 little princess, do be prepared to spend a little over an hour in the boutique as there is the choosing the costume to be done (depending on whether your little one is a fast decision maker or not), the actual make over, the photo taking (assuming no queue) then the choosing of the photos on the iPad and finally waiting a few minutes to receive the photo.The girls enjoyed themselves, we enjoyed seeing the girls dolled up and they have loads of fun with the costume at home nowadays so I would say it was worth the (hefty) price(tag). But I think the next time they get this dolled up (complete with photographer) would be either their prom night or wedding day. ;)
We made a special visit to HK Disneyland just for Iron Man, the first Marvel ride launched at Hong Kong Disneyland!!  Fly with Stark in Hong Kong. Fabulous!!  Worth a try.
More for the kids than adults, although there's plenty to see and do. Disneyland offers a variety of rides, sights, and character spotting is lots of fun! Take the Disneyland train MTR to the Disneyland station. The restaurants inside are relatively expensive. There are plenty of opportunities to purchase souvenirs, although they too are a little on the more expensive side. Loads of rides experiences   the kids will love it.
A good point is not as crowded as another Disney resort. Although it was not a holiday, it was not very crowded. Most of the attractions could ride within 15 minutes. Even Iron man which is also the latest attraction. It was wonderful for us. We were able to catch many attractions in half a day.On the other hand, many restaurants were closed. Several shops were open, but I felt a little lonely. Is not this a dreamland?
Well I don't want to exaggerate things but this place is indeed the happiest place on earth. It is best to avail their 2 day pass since a day is not enough to enjoy all the rides, beautiful stage plays and photo op with the Disney princesses and other Disney characters.
We were surprised that we didn't have to wait long to the rides and attractions. Even the restaurants were not full. Flowers and Easter eggs abound the place. It was sunny but the weather was cool. We were so tired but the kids had a lot of fun.
Was surprised how small this park was compared to others.  Was able to get around with ease and hardly any lines.  Food is not of high quality.  Park well maintained.
We booked Disneyland for my son's 4th birthday; he was looking forward to seeing Mickey and having his picture taken with him. Unfortunately it appears Mickey runs on an extremely tight schedule. Every time we queued up to catch a glimpse, we were told in an extremely curt manner that Mickey was on a break or that the queue was now closed. In a park as big as this, could they risk two Mickey characters wandering around, so as not to disappoint the many children who have come to see him? If you adore shopping for Disney themed souvenirs, then this is the place for you. The whole park has been set up, almost exclusively, to do this alone. Some staff were not overly friendly to say we were in the magical kingdom. I would save your money and if your kids love Disney, treat them to the dvds and lots of treats from the Disney store.
Amazing place and truly got lost in the magical paradise. It was a whole day trip and the kids (us included) enjoyed every minute of our time spent at the park. The weather on the day of our visit was surprisingly comfortable so we didn't feel the tiredness of walking around the whole day. Top rated attractions are the The new Iron Man ride, Mystic Manor, Star Wars, Grizzly mountain and yesss we loved The Lion King show. Overall, a not to be missed attraction when you are in Hong Kong. Staff are very helpful and friendly. The parades and the fireworks are Wow.
go there early and just direct to the attraction that you are going to play. I recommend you to go to the Jungle River Cruise first and explore Toy Storyland afterwards. Astroblaster and Iron Man Experience has fast pass option, so you can go there later once the line already built up. (the fast pass machine was right beside the Astroblaster gate)after the Fireworks show, do go home directly as the line to get the MTR was really bad. just spent some times at the shops and wait until the park completely closed.
Disneyland HKG   been here several times over the years and we were back again today   the rides are still good and especially the updated ones BUT the cast look miserable and it has a huge impact on the whole experience. The staff need to know 'smiling' is the most important part of their job!!
Great amusement park. Lots of rides, shows and photo spots. Rides   from merry go rounds to roller coasters. ( there is a ride even for the disabled wheelchair bound )Shows   wide range   from street shows to live performances to 3 4d animations.Don't miss the lion king show it's Awesome!Photo spots   with ur favourite characters, nature spots, castles and more.Wide range of restaurants, shops for Souvenires.Do not miss the Disney in the stars show at 8:15pm   a spectacular fireworks and projection at display. Tip: Catch a place near the castle at USA street early.If you are visiting the park on Sundays or holidays better to opt for the fast VIP pass as the queues are long and waiting times may be as long as 30 45min. Tip: better to book a weekday  non holiday.There is a MTR to Disneyland   use it to get there faster and more conveniently.Travel light with kids for maximum fun.
Great day out with small children. Long waiting for rides even on working day. Good shopping . Expensive food
something really different. The park was decorated with Halloween theme. When night comes, they are staffs in Halloween themed outfit. Thats the only time you get to snap pictures of pumpkins in disneyland.
We had a pleasant day at Hong Kong Disney, it is small compared to USA Disneyland and Disney World however worth a visit.  We are a couple in our early sixties but still enjoyed the rides and had a great time on them.
This is my third visit and it never fail to impress me and my kids. There is few changes whereby new park and event was added. We saw 2 parade. One in the afternoon and one at night. My kids so happy and we have a wonderful day there.
This was our first visit to Disneyland with our three year old daughter and my parents and we all had a wonderful time. Very easy to get there from central Hong Hong by train and the whole journey and the park itself incredibly buggy friendly. The park wasn't too big yet felt spacious once inside. Lots of rides and attractions for toddlers and the queues were better than we expected, perhaps Markham is still low season. The park so clean and easy to navigate. Would definitely recommend.
After growing up in the USA and traveling to both Disneyland and Disney World, you have to go if you are in Asia!  Much smaller those in the US, but still all the charm and fun!
Having been to Disneyworld in Orlando wanted to compare it with Disneyland Hong Kong. Pleasently surprised if on a smaller scale. Lots of rides and shows on offer. Well laid out park. Reasonable eating places. Great parades and the firework display is worth staying to the end for. Easily reached by MRT as got it's own MRT station.
Pretty small Disneyland compare to other parks around the world. Could be completed in just half day. Easy access via train service. Rides are okay. Food and drink are similar to other parks.
My first ever Disneyland experience, and it was beautiful. The rides were more for kids than adults, but it was great to relive your childhood again for a day. Caught both the day and night  Flights of Fantasy  parade, as well as the fireworks. Beautiful!Cons: Crowded attractions, and a little pricey
You can't miss visiting Disneyland when you're in Hong Kong. Especially when travelling with family. Great for kids especially below 12.
If your prior experience is with us parks, then prepare for a much smaller size!  The park is clean and well kept great rides and parades!  Thankfully no lines on the day we went but it was truly fun!
I've been to Disneyland in Anaheim, California and Disney World in Orlando, Florida in the United States, and this is definitely the most compact Disney park I've been to. But there is an advantage to its small size: You walk less. This is especially advantageous if you have very young children. In Disneyland or Disney World, you must do so much walking that even the adults poop out after half a day. The HK Disney Park is so compact and if you go on a weekday, you could finish visiting the Park in half a day! I was there today, arriving by MTR in the morning at about 10:45 (It opened at 10:30). There were no long lines awaiting to go in. I went straight to the entrance turnstile and show the attendant my ticket code (I ordered the ticket online early in the morning), and he processed my ticket immediately. I walked down Main Street (by passing all the photo opportunities with Disney characters) and went straight to Tomorrowland. There I immediately went to the Iron Man ride which I expected to be the most crowded since it's Disney's newest ride. I was surprised that I was in my seat within 10 minutes. I followed it with Hyperspace Mountain, Starwars Command Post, Buzz Lightyear Astro Blaster and Orbitron (since all were in Tomorrowland), and all waited no more than 10 minutes. I then went to the next theme section, Fantasyland, and tried their most popular ride, Winnie the Pooh, and once again the wait was no more than 10 minutes. I followed that ride with one of Disneyland's best known, It's A Small World, was able to walk right in. Then went to see the shows Mickey and the Wondrous Book and Mickey's PhilharMagic, and once again walked right in without waiting. I wanted to watch Festival of the Lion King in Adventureland but it was closed until April. So I went to Grizzley Gulch but decided I did not care to ride the Mine Cars Rollercoaster so I proceeded to the Mystic Manor which is similar to the old Haunted Mansion and once again was in within 10 minutes. I entered the park at 10:45 a.m. was actually ready to leave at 3:00 p.m. If it were not for the afternoon parade which started at 3:45 p.m. I would have departed at 3:00 p.m. I did not have to use the Fast Pass feature of my ticket at all and was able to repeat a couple of rides with very little waiting. So from this, I conclude that you can do this park in one day if you go on a weekday and arrive by opening time. But like all Disneylands, I recommend you have a plan of routing before going to save yourself time and unnecessary steps. Here are some of my suggestions after being there today: 1. Order your tickets online to save waiting in line to purchase tickets. 2. Bring water and small snacks (cookies, chocolate bars, trail mix packs) but leave your lunch size sandwiches behind as park security will not allow bringing food items into the park.3. The MTR ride from the Hong Kong Station to the Disney Station takes at least half and hour, so allow yourself adequate time for transportation in order to get there by opening time.4. Once you enter the park, by pass photos with all the Disney characters on Main Street and go to the Information Board to the right of the Circle before reaching the Castle and check ride closures and show parade times. 5. Then head straight for the first ride on your planned route. Most people in Hong Kong don't seem to be early birds so you should not have to wait long for these first few rides.6. Be sure to work in the shows into your schedule: Mickey & the Wondrous Book, Mickey's PhilharMagic and Festival of the Lion King. 7. Lastly, also work in the afternoon and the evening parade (if you're staying til closing) as well as the fireworks show to complete your Hong Kong Disney adventure.
we have been to almost all Disneyland in the world many times except shanghai.we love Disney and visit almost every year.we just spent two days in HK Disneyland in March. Go during this period as crowd is thin and weather is not so hot. But bring umbrella in case it rains.HK Disneyland has the best food so far as being in HK (have yet to find out about shanghai). Buy the daily meal plan.If there is good offer, do stay in Disneyland Hotel club room. Very convenient by free shuttle bus and can go back for coffee tea break.
so easy to get to here, thanks to Disneyland Line. I reached there at mid noon and manage to catch all the parade and theater show which was great. Plan your meal as earlier as possible so you can avoid the crowd. Stay until the fireworks and you won't be disappointed about it.
We took our family here when they came to visit us which included my 2 year old nephew and 4 year old niece. The parades are fun to watch and it was nice to see the excitement on the kids faces but I otherwise would not come if i didn't have children with me.
If you never been to Disneyland or you are a big fan of Disneyland, there is no harm to go. If not, not a must see hot spot in Hong Kong indeed. However, the park outside the Disneyland is nice and free of charge which local people like to go in the weekend with their kids.
We just loved this place!  Even though we didn't have any children with us, we enjoyed the whole experience.  Plenty of interesting things to keep us there all day!
Discounted tickets available at local travel agents in Hong Kong.Parades are most exciting experiences.Don't miss out the fireworks after night parade.The balloon lady was racist and kept us waiting until she served all the local Chinese guests. The ride operators are grumpy and many times forget to repeat the instructions in English.The overall rides are in good. We spent most of the time in Tomorrow Land , Toy Story Land and Adventure Land.Jungle River Cruise around 6.45pm (just before it closes at 7pm) was amazing. The Disneyland hotel guests get 3 passes per room. We had 6 passes for two rooms and did not use all passes. Not long queues for rides average would have been 5minutes, except for new Iron Man ride.
We went with not the greatest expectations as we knew it was a tiny Disneyland and didn't expect anything like a Florida so were being realistic but we were so pleasantly surprised! It's a wonderful little park, full of Disney magic, friendly, happy cast members and a gorgeous setting!The rides were something different and a good selection, theming was great and themed foods were brilliant!We really loved it here, it was a wonderful Disney park!
Nice ride options; fireworks and both the parades are must watch. Be ready to expect long queues to snap a pic with Disney characters. When we visited, most of the restaurants were closed for renovation which is surprising as how can they close all of those simultaneously.
Had went to Disney World and Disneyland in Anaheim. Although Disneyland Hong Kong is alot smaller, but its just as magical like the others. I was there with my 4yo and 8yo kids during the weekdays and it was not very crowded. Probably also because it was drizzling, and we're glad that the heavy rainpour happened in the early morning before the park opens. I'm lucky that I did not encounter any bad behaviors from the mainlanders which I read in some of the posts. I would think that 1 day is enough to cover the whole place. But if you are like us who likes to take pictures and autographs from the characters, 2 days will be a comfortable pace so as to cover the rides, shows and parades. The shows are good, make sure to catch them when you are there. We enjoyed ourselves on the ride. The parades were entertaining and the firework was fantastic. Do be mindful that you are not allowed to bring food to Disneyland, but sandwiches are OK. We bought the burger bun at the bus food kiosk outside Disneyland and I simply love it. It was nice and tasty!In all, we enjoyed our visit at Disneyland Hong Kong.
It truly is one of the happiest places on earth! My husband and I had the time of our lives exploring Disney and its attractions. We loved, in particular, the Iron Man attraction, and the live shows (Lion King and Mickey's Wonder Book). The food stalls, as well, were great. We enjoyed gorging on turkey legs, popcorn, and hotdogs. We will definitely go back in our next HK trip.
The park was not too busy and we were able to ride without too much queuing. Only down side was that we seemed to arrive at character meetings just as they closed. never managed to get the photo with Mickey. Overall what you expect from Disney.
Disney land is part of our planned itinerary. My friend bought the e ticket from other agent which inclusive of meals and the price is cheaper than its original website. I am very impressed with all the 3D animation, sound system of all the performances there. Different theme parks have different attraction. Some suitable for kids below 8 years old like Fantasyland. Some suitable for teenages and above like Grizzly gulch. I never expected the roller coaster would run backwards with high speed! I also thought the fireworks was those normal fireworks show at night. But, alot of audience started fill up the place in front of the Sleeping Beauty castle 1 hour before the performance and the whole place was even full after the night parade. I also noticed that this theme park not only full of kids and parents but, old people and old couples were enjoying themselves too. I am a bit disappointed on the souvenirs shop as I was looking for some Disney land famous cartoon CDs, sound track or storybooks for my niece and nephews. But, there is no where can be found.
Was visiting Lantau to see the Big Buddha, and then planned to visit Hong Kong Disney in the late afternoon. Having done Hong Kong Disney before I was well aware that it didn't require a whole day. Disneyland here has really improved since my first visit. I was actually quite impressed with the new additions to the park. It appears that there is plenty of space for expansion so think there will be more to do in time. The only downside to this theme park is that it is rather pricey   especially considering its size and if you were to Ocean Park it's poor value for money.Will more then likely go again and for any Disney fan it's a must.
Worst Disneyland i have ever been to, Full of pushy mainlanders, rides were closed and all a disappointment. Do the real thing in the USA avoid this scaled down shambles of a  Disneyland  took my younger sister who is 13 and she was greatly disappointed and said that Ocean park was  a million times better  i take her word for it!
Well yeah if you love Disneyland, then this is for you!To be honest, my expectation was little in this but it was my 4th Disneyland and I can say this one is competing with others well. The theme park was laid out in typical Disney's style with 5 6 separate zone. The rides were good both for kids and adult like, mixed Chinese and English languages inside though. Really like the Grizzly ride here, did it twice and would do more next time.
The kids have plenty of rides to tried, even for my 4 years son. The parade was entertaining. The staff was friendly. There is also halal food stall available.
Easy to get there by train. Much smaller than Anaheim but just as much fun. Parade was fantastic. Very clean, designated smoking ares, Baby pushchair & wheelchair available to hire. Go during the week not so many people. Great fun day.
it is really beautiful and fantastic if u are a Disney fan like me. LOVE every part of it. its clean and not too crowded. Halal restaurant available inside Disneyland which is a plus point.
We visited on a rainy day, the ticket is over prized and not much to do for adults.Most of the park was closed due to rain,Tomorrow land was good though.
enjoyed a family holiday and its fun for both adults and young. lots of good rides. weather was perfect
Ok so was not sure how we would feel about Hong Kong Disneyland. We have been to Walt Disneyworld, Disneyland (California) and Euro Disney. However that was with children. Yes this is a lot smaller however we really enjoyed our day as we did not have massive expectations. We went on a Sunday and crowds were light. We managed to go on every ride we wanted to without big queues (longest was 20 minutes) only downside was that we could not find any dole whips. (We were told that there was some sort of sponsorship problem.
I watched Disneyland at 6.30 every Sunday night as a child.  I was so super excited to finally fulfill a childhood dream.    It was wonderful!    The rides incredible.  The shows were awesome!  Definitely made this girls dreams come true!
I have been to Disneyland in California and Orlando. We were in HK and so decided to bring our kids to the one there. We were pleasantly surprised, becos' on trip advisor there were so many negative comments about the place.Even though it is no where in size compared to the ones in the STATES, it was very nice and compact to walk through especially for kids. My kids are not walkers and hate the heat. So this place was great! We felt that there were sufficient things for them and us to do without being overwhelming like Orlando disney and it 's multiple lands. The productions there were top notched. We watched the Lion King (great puppetry), Mickey and the wondrous book (really amazing stage! must see) and Mickey's Philhar. The most surprising and fun attraction for us was Mystic Manor   another must see. It wasn't what we expected   it was better! We visited Disney Hk in Spring so the day was cool and becos' it was a weekday, there were no line ups! It was a great trip.
Earlier I thought of giving 5 stars, but I am reducing it to 4 stars after visiting OceanPark. The latter is having more number of thrilling rides than this Disneyland. Overall, you can enjoy and feel better in Disneyland if you are accompanied with your child. The afternoon and evening parade are must to watch.Make sure that you check the park map online and make a rough plan as per your interest of rides so that you can cover them up early in the morning without any rush. Shows     (check latest shows and timings in the website)The Festival of Lion King   must watch show. Timings   12:00 PM, 2:00 PM, 4:30 PM, 6:00 PM     Adventureland     30mins show.Mickey and the Wondrous Book   12:00 PM, 1:15 PM, 3:45 PM, 5:15 PM, 6:30 PM     Fantasyland     28mins showOnly light snacks     such as crackers and cookies, and water, juice are allowed in Disneyland.Ticket booking options: 1. Direct on the spot but depends on the availability. 2. Get online ticket from direct website 3. Get online voucher ticket from Klook (Singapore based website), KKday (Taiwan based website), Yatra (India based website) Timings: 10.30am to 8.45pm
This was my first Disney Park park experience outside of the USA. While numerous reviews on the park are mediocre, I will admit that I loved this park from park opening to park close. Must sees: Hong Kong Disneyland has a number of exclusive attractions you won't find anywhere else in the world!  Mystic Manor was INCREDIBLE! Mind blowing and fun! Everything you want from Disney! Grizzly Gulch was classic Disney. Amazing! A great new interpretation of Big Thunder Mountain. So much fun, and just AWESOME!  Iron Man Experience! This surprised me how much I liked it! A great motion simulator designed after StarTours, this ride really takes you to the streets of Hong Kong with Iron man as you battle evil! Incredibly well done!   Festival of the Lion King   this version is a bit different from the Orlando version, but it is amazing!!!! inspiring, fun and a must see  All 3 Parades   there were 3 parades when we visited and they were all must see! Just pure disney magic!   Hyperspace Mountain   this redo of space mountain featuring StarWars, was INCREDIBLE. I was surprised how much I liked it. Simply brilliant and fun!  Fireworks. Everyday has to end with fireworks at Disneyland... and Hong Kong is the same. The fireworks were amazing, romantic and a perfect way to end the day.
Easily accessible by train from Hong Kong Station Very toddlers friendly We downloaded the mobile app which indicate the waiting time for popular ride Rides like Dumbo , Cinderella, Winnie the Pooh , the small world , train are all toddlers friendly Waiting time average 20 minutes The parade starts at 1915 and last for 25 minutes Followed by fireworks at 2015 There are many F&B outlets too Good dim sum at Plaza Inn on the USA Main Street Priority is given to old man with wheel chair   my father at 92 years of age even rode on Dumbo and Winnie the Pooh This is the most child friendly Disneyland we have been Very enjoyable
There are not many things surprised. It's just a normal place for childen.I'm sure that many people expect a lot before going in, but would be failed or disappointed, since it's so normal except the forest zone.As well, there are not many useful or valueable stuffs to buy in the souvenir shops, but very expensive. The food inside the disneyland was so expensive, you should not eat anything inside, even a cone of icecream.
Take the train from where ever you are, you may need to swap trains until you get to the Disney line, this is where the magic begins, young or young at heart, the Disney themed train gets you ready for the Disneyland experience.We arrived as the gates opened and stayed until closing. Our day at Disneyland was overcast with a light drizzle all day, great, we only queued for the lion king show, all other rides we went straight on. The drizzle didn't dampen our experience at all. We didn't need to try out the express pass system which took the pressure off although looking at the queue areas there is obviously a lot of people on a fine day.Surprisingly we all enjoyed the Mystic Manor with its journey through each area with the story unfolding as you go great. Take the train ride around the park and make the most of the photo moments.Food was pricey but nothing more than you would expect from a captive audience, Waffle at $50 was Ok for the experience but $45 for a hotdog which was a bit dry and the bun a little crispy was stretching the friendship.The fireworks at the end of the night last for ages (over 11 minutes), a must do part of the Disneyland experience.We had no problems getting a taxi back to our hotel, once again I would suggest this would be a lot different on a fine day.
We arrived when the gates opened and left after the fireworks. It's easy to spend a whole day here   we only repeated two things: we saw the Lion King show twice (it's that good) and rode Space Mountain two times. We did pretty much every ride available and had a great day. The only downside, several restaurants were closed during our visit limiting our options and the food we did get was pretty gross. The parade and firworks show was amazing, be sure to stick around for it!
We bought 2 toddlers  1 and 2 year olds to Hong Kong Disneyland and am quite surprised there were plenty for them to do  as in rides. Mainly at fantasyland. I counted there were at least 12 rides that does not have height or age restrictions which is plenty for a toddler. Most of them are also wheelchair friendly. Which by the way, wheelchair people have priority when it comes to queuing up.We went on a Friday and it was literally a pram city. It was quite busy but not packed. Some rides you had to wait for nearly an hour.There are plenty to eat. If you are worried if there is any Chinese food to eat.. there is a restaurant serving Yum cha  plaza inn (on the Main Street on your left before you enter fantasyland).Their app is great and easy to use. And save you a lot of trouble walking back and forth. It also tells you the wait times for the popular rides. Free wifi is available at the park. You will have to sign in every 15mins because that is the max limit their allowed for each time you log in. The park is very clean. The toilets by the end of the day was disgusting unlike a typically clean Hong Kong toilet, most likely due to the mass number of tourist who don't know how to use the toilet properly. The easiest and fastest way to get to HK Disneyland is by train from central.
Amazing experience for us and my twin 8 year olds. They were quite skeptical on some rides, but it is very children friendly rides. Probably just 2 of the rides were on the bizarre side, but 2 days park tickets is definitely worth paying for.
As an avid Disneyland fan, despite of this Disneyland is smaller than the others it is still a very fun place to go. The only lacking point is the rides are just too kiddy. I spend the whole day in this place making sure I visit every spot and watched every parade. Lovely times!
Went with our 4 year old.  He loved it and it was worth the trip.  Spend the whole day and saw maybe half of the park.
Had an average time caused quite a few of the attractions were closed for maintenance. Food was good but way too expensive. Staff are very helpful.
Although it's not as good as other disneylands , still there's a lot to enjoy! You can feel happiness everywhere! Using disneyland app helps a lot regarding show times,etc. Firework was worth to wait until 8:30 pm. I didn't like disney characters that much (especially their dresses). MTR is the most convenient way to get there.Food court needs to improve.Don't miss mystic manor , it's a small world , jungle cruise , big grizzly mountain!
Somewhat different from several years ago there are new attractions and they do keep on developing.I just love their fireworks show it's the most impressive part of the whole day. Their carnival parades are impressive, there's one during the afternoon and another just before the late night fireworks show. Recommend seeing both.The music definitely gets stuck in your head, great place for all Disney fans and generally for families with children.
Loved Disney land   i have never been to a Disney land so it was like nothing i had seen before   so exciting it was hard to decide which way to go first   we sent 6 hours hours there so make sure you leave plenty of time to have a look around and see the shows and go on rides    fantastic   when the grand kids get older would love to bring them here
Went to Disneyland with our 3 year old and had a lovely time,while this is not on the scale of Disneyworld Florida its a great way of spending 2 days in Hong kong. This disney is more geared to the younger kids i think our daughter couldn't go on 1 ride, the longest queue was for dumbo and that was about 20 mins most of the other rides were about 5 mins.
Great rides! Not too bad of line ups on weekdays!!! Lots to see and do. The parades were fun and the shows were great
I felt like a child again when I entered this park. A cool place surrounded by mountains and lush greens. This is the smallest Disneyland park compared to its sister parks abroad but it will take a whole day to explore.
My family went Disneyland for 2 days. The rides were enjoyable and my kids love them all. I also bought a lot of toys for my kids though they were more costly. The best part is the fireworks at 8:30pm before park closed and fireworks is fantastic. Please do not miss the fireworks every night, try to get a good spot near the Main Street early. Thanks.
4 hours is enough for this overrated park. my son said he is bored by the first hour.  if one has never been to any disney. my suggestion is to go to another one before you lost interest in future disney's trip.
this place will take back your inner kid's heart. every corner is worth a selfie. the rides and shower are amazing, awesome, and enjoyable. To enjoy more, you better stay here after lunch till the closing time. foods and soveniers here are much higher here than outside so better bring your water or eat outside before you go here. My favorite rides are the big grizzly mountain, mystic manor and space mountain and my favorite part of our visit were during the lanter parade and fire works showcase. Its an ought to stay till the closing time to catch these shows, kids to adults will really love and enjoy it.
Great day at HK Disneyland. It's a much smaller park than Anaheim but with intense sun and heat, we were grateful to get around most of the park in a day. There's plenty to do and we were there from the minute it opened until close and we missed out on plenty. The parades were awesome, Springtime procession, paint the night and fireworks were all must sees! Be aware, we used a global wallet card and all our credit card transactions were duplicated across multiple currencies and have not been returned two days later still waiting for help on this. Overall park was great and hard to criticize when I love Minnie so much. Be organized though we waited 90 minutes at the start for photos with Minnie and Mickey and got sunburnt in the process. Those of us who have been to other Disney Parks may be disappointed with the more limited merchandise selection.
Lots of fun activities and parade going on . Doesn't need to wait long for each ride and shows . Best of the experience is the fireworks show with theme .
My partner and I (who hasn't been to a Disney park before) went for the day. This was plenty of time (we arrived early) and got to see all the attractions. We queued for 15 minutes at max for any of the rides. Only disappointment was the lack of choice of food and also that a few rides were closed for maintenance. Otherwise, a fun day and lots of different attractions.
We travelled here in February, which I think is the peak of low season, as such, quite a few attractions were closed for maintenance. The park itself is not huge, but enjoyable for my 5 year old daughter. The bonus was that there were hardly any queues and we managed to return multiple times to her favourite rides. The food offering was limited and really bad ... A number of dining joints were closed ... Worth taking your little ones.
Just like Disneyland in the states this is truly the happiest place on earth. This is a must do for anyone visiting Hong Kong with or without kids. The best part is it's much cheaper than both Disneyland and Disney world!
This park is very different from Disneyworld in Orlando. It is much smaller. We were only there for half a day and we felt like we saw most of it. I think 1 to 2 days would be the maximum. It was easy to navigate and the attractions were inventive. We loved the Toy Story park! The only downside we noticed was that there wasn't a  fine dining  option for dinner there (unlike Orlando) as we wanted to have dinner for my cousin's birthday.
it was a very pleasent visit and we intend to repeat it. warning: one day is tight. really have to experience sleep over.
A great day out with plenty to do. Although not as big as Anaheims Disneyland there is still plenty to keep you occupied with plenty of the old favourites like it's a small world, tea cups and Dumbo ride.
Went in March, which it was warm but not hot and humid, so it was comfortable in terms of weather. Also, went on Monday to avoid weekenders. There were basically no lines for rides and it wasn't crowded at all. So, perhaps weekdays could be ideal. We've been to Orlando, CA and Tokyo Disney and I would say Hong Kong is the smallest (not a bad thing!). The hours are shorter as well (ends at 8:30pm or so). So, it's a good one day event and don't really need to spend more than a day unless it's too crowded and you can't get on all the rides. We got there little after opening time (opened at 10:30am) and it was plenty of time to go through it all. When walking up from the subway station (not sure on bus or taxi but subway was super easy and recommended with the Octopus card, the public subway transfers directly to Disney train tram), we noticed luggage valet area where you can drop off your luggage and pick it up later. I thought this was a nice service if you need to check out of hotel and you got a late flight out. I think it was only $100HK. The rides are mostly similar and or same vs other Disney parks but there's some new unique to Hong Kong. I would say it's more tailored to younger family as the rides are not as scary or hard. Our kids are 6 and 9 and they had a blast. Even Toy Story RC ride was good enough for adults while kids thought it was fun. It's a small world ride is also updated with Disney characters and they did a great job with a classic ride. In all, just keep your expectations in check and you will have fun.
Spent two days there and had a good experience......but we visited paris disney last year so in comparison to that the staff didnt seem to be very up to the standard....though there were some who were really helpful.Like disney paris has the concept of the character autographs which my kids really enjoyed but everytime we asked the staff at HK disney they seemed a lil annoyed. The afternoon and evening parade were both amazing. Overall fun days spent...Disney is magical as always
Best place for family with young children. The best part of our trip was Disneyland. Stayed at Disney hotel and was perfect.... kids loved it and so are we. Well we are Disney babies too back then so probably that's why. We grew up with the classical Disney characters.
Greetings ,To be frank it's not worth as what sayThe charger near 80 usd per personThere is only show that looks ok To Hongkong Disney you go metro as well It's not far from airport Overall it's so so but it's Seems they and developing more so hope would be better Regards Vk
Good park in Lantau Island. Pretty easy to access by metro. Not so cheap ticket to go inside. If you are looking for only amusement park ride, there is a few good, but not so special place. Parade was great.
Having been to the original in Florida a few years ago, I must say that I was impressed with this one too. Am sure we were the first ones in at 10:00 and the last ones out after the fireworks at 20:00. Don't know how the time just flew past. The rides. The shows. The parades (at 15:00 and again at 19:00). The costumes. The food. Fantabulous!!! Next on my bucket list ........ Euro Disney in France. Can't wait to be amazed! But I wouldn't mind another peek at HKDL, with my family.
I have been here three times in the past 5 years and I observe that the crowd in HK is less than Disneyland Tokyo or even Paris (esp now that Shanghai Disneyland is open, most China tourists go there instead of HK one). The new attractions   Iron Man Experience and Hyperspace Mountain are super cool. Thrill seekers will also love Big Grizzly Mountain. Go for those rides! The queue is not too long (manageable). Food wise  i think Royal Banquet Hall in Fantasyland has the best range of food (international, Jap and grill). Price is around $120 140 per set. If you are planning this as your last day activity before flying off (like we did. Our flight is at 9pm), take a taxi from Disneyland to the airport. Cheaper and faster. Only around HKD120 (including luggages fees) and you need not transfer trains.
I visited this place together with my sister's family and this was the second Disneyland I have visited. The other one was the original Disneyland in Anaheim, California.The positive aspects: We enjoyed the Ironman ride, the Star Wars hyperspace mountain ride, the Mystic manor ride, the Grizzly Gulch runaway mine cart ride, the Lion King show, Mickey's Magical book show and Mickey's Philharmagic show. You need to plan your schedule in the theme park carefully in order to get to see the shows at the designated times. Long queues for the rides is a normal sight, you have to be patient and be prepared to queue up between 45 minutes and 1 hour for each ride.The negative aspects: Not surprisingly, 85% of the visitors to this Disneyland comprise of mainland Chinese tourists. The worst thing about this is, these people are really rude, rowdy, impatient and down right ill mannered. They let their young children pee all over the place in public instead of taking them to the washrooms, which are conveniently located all over the theme park! Here is an example; while we were queueing for the Disney train ride within the park(the train which takes visitors from Fantasyland to the main street station), there was a mainland Chinese family who had a toddler of around 3 years old behind us in the queue. The toddler told his father that he needed to answer a call of nature and the father told him to do it right there and then, on the pavement!!! We watched in horror as the father unzipped the boy's trousers and let him pee right on the pavement, 2 feet away from us!!!!!! Totally disgusting!!!!!! That wasn't the only such incident we witnessed!!! All day long, as we walked around the park, we saw countless such incidents where mainland Chinese families let their children pee in the planter boxes, flower shrubs, next to the lamp posts and on the pavements in public!!!If you and your family want to have a great, enjoyable experience in a Disney theme park, do not come here! Please visit the Disneyland in Anaheim, California. People there are more civilized, civic conscious, hygienic, courteous and well mannered.
It was a very fabulous experience in HK. I didn't think it is good for adult but really it's better for us than children.
In one word, I was sum this as Awesome. Its the amusement park you have always want to go to since childhood. Go rides, tasty snacks, yummy meals, ice creams, fantastic shows and more await you. The park opens at around 10:30 a.m. and closes at 8 p.m. Plan your day well so you can cover all the shows and as many rides. Carry the park map with you and you can also download the app on your smart phone. The shows are fantabulous. You have to see all especially the  Lion King  which was playing when we were there.
Remarkably clean organised and entertaining. The place is set away from Hong Kong hustle bustle and hence the ride itself adds to the mystic. Must do.
Lantau island Big Buddha is worth a visit. One must click lots of pictures. Good for a day picnic on a cool and windy day
5 Stars only because I can't give 6.This was one of my favorite Disneyland Parks in the world. We had the blessed opportunity to all the existing Disney Parks (Florida, Paris, Hong Kong, Shanghai, Tokyo, Los Angeles). Let me give you some real expectations.  it's small, the smallest of all the parks.  the rides are very different: Haunted Mansion is actually called Mystic Manor and is very light hearted and has no mentions of ghosts or ghouls. No  99 Happy Haunts.    instead of churros they have pressed squid.  staff is VERY polite and friendly.   the castle is small.  ... saying everything is small turned out to be one of the BEST aspects of the entire trip!!! 3 min lines for rides, we walked up to a parade in progress, we stayed to watch the fireworks   5 people from the front row, easy to navigate the park. ... it was just amazing. It wasn't a crowd of people and 2 hour waits for a 2minute ride. It was a genuinely relaxing and fun experience.   the food was incredible! This is for both the park and the Disney Hollywood Hotel.  lots of great artwork, Disney style.... there you go. Now go.
Decent for first timers but not worth the price and wait when you have an opportunity to visit other disneylands
One day is good enough to cover HK Disneyland. Try to go during weekday to avoid crowd during weekend. The parade and firework is great. Must watch the lion king show.
Another trip to Hong Kong Disneyland. I have been here over twenty times. I must say that the overall standards in terms of service and attitude have decreased dramatically. There are still some cast members that try to do their jobs as best as possible, but it is evident that most of them display a hatred for their jobs. Everything is getting more expensive, but it clearly does not reflect in their guest service and guest interaction. Hardly any smiles and no one goes out of their way to make it a magical moment for the guests. When my mom who was actually very happy to come to Disneyland this month wanted to take a photo with a storm trooper, she was denied. However, when it was evident that there two obvious looking foreigners, then they gave them exceptional service and allowed them to take photos and gave them handshakes. This type of behavior should not exist at Disneyland and it shows that management does a really poor job on training and oversight. Overall, it was a very substandard service kind of day. The food is just okay. It used to be better. Hopefully, management will read enough of these reviews to care to better manage their parks and resorts.
Disneyland HK, go on a week day, we went on a Tues, park was relatively empty, weather also rained a bit in the am.Plan, plan and plan........and in my case have a plan 'b' and 'c'.My kids are of that age where one is too young for the big rides and another who is old enough and curious enough to try.Well took the eldest on the new Star Wars ride........that ended any hope of her going on a roller coaster ever again!Plan 'b' kicked in, back to teacups, Astro blasters and carousels.........Do catch the shows, Mickeys wonderous book was a joy for the little one.......told her it was a movie and when it wasn't she just stared for the full 20 30mins.Also do the Flights of Fantasy parade, I don't like parades, but the was just so well done.We lasted from 10:30 through to 4:30, did not last.......we could've come back in (they stamp your hand) and went back to the hotel for a rest, kids fell asleep, and the. Plan 'c' kicked in fireworks and a goodnight by the special appearance of Donald at the hotel.Good day all in, kids want Florida next.
Just spent a weekend there with my 90 year old parents. You can rent wheelchairs at the concierge. Unfortunately, there is only one game 'It's a small world' allowing the wheelchair user to have special privilege   jumping the queue. Since my parents are annual pass gold cardholders, we can have free parking and pay $389 only for the ticket. This special deal will last until July 2017. Better get an annual pass for the seniors, around $488, then you can have all the benefits.
Seriously if you go to Hong Kong with family,  this a must. I even think one day is not enough and ample of space spend quality time.
Had a good family day out at Hong Kong Disney. Easy to get there by train from Kowloon. Food was expensive but that is the case with all Disney parks.
Friends advised that this is a great park to visit with young children. We took our daughter for her eighth birthday and it certainly didn't disappoint.Having done a lot of research we spread our visit over a day and a half in the middle of the week. This was perfect. There was barely a queue for any ride we wanted to go on. The day and a half meant we didn't have to rush on anything and gave us time to queue to see Mickey and Minnie and revisit our favourite rides. We used the spare half day to get our daughter a princess make over at the Bibbidi Bobbidi boutique and go for a character dinner at the Enchanted garden in the Disneyland hotel.This is a park suited to younger children. A few of the rides are quite young i.e. the teacups. That said, there is the ubiquitous space mountain, the brilliant run away mine cars (our favourite) and several others to keep the wider family amused. There are  characters  all over the park, ranging from the traditional characters and princesses right through to storm troopers and Stitch (from Lilo and Stitch). My biggest tip is to walk right on past the first mickey and minnie you will see just inside the park. We did queue for these on the second morning and waited an hour and half! We didn't mind as we had already done most of the park on the first day so had the time. Walk on by and you will no doubt see more Mickey and Minnies in other parts of the park with no queues.The park has the usual Disney day time and evening parades with the fireworks. These are not on the scale you might see in WDW in Florida. As an example we saw 3 floats in the day time parade. Together with the dancers it had passed us within about 10 minutes. But you won't fight for a spot to see it and the kids are still blown away by the whole thing. The night time fireworks were really brilliant.A particular tip is to make time to see the Lion King performance. It was absolutely outstanding and really worth doing. This alone is a good reason to do more than one day at the park as the timing of the performances can get tight with also seeing things like the day time parade. We did find eating here a little bit of a challenge. There are lots of places selling high sugar or on the go snacks, but not many options to eat properly. This can be a bit of a challenge if you're staying for the whole day (the park closes at 8), and have hungry kids. We went to the main street corner cafe which was ok but nothing great.It's worth being aware of the location. If you don't know, HK is on several islands and so it can take a bit of time to get out to Disney. There are public transport options but if you're just visiting HK and really want to do the whole park I would recommend staying at the resort (there are two hotels) as it does give you more flexibility. We mixed a stay at first in the city with two nights at Disney and this worked well.The staff are the usual friendly Disney crew. Lots of smiles, and stickers for the kids. Basically this place has all the right Disney magic without the crowds! A winner for me.
We went on a Monday, there was no line longer than 30 minutes. Compared to the Disney's in the US, it was much smaller, but worth the price. We bought our tickets on the mobile device the hotel provided and saved about $20 total. It's very clean and we really did have a great time as a couple.
While this disneyland may not be as large as it's bigger brothers in America it still has the Disney magic.We visited with my young son and we loved every minute. Plenty of opportunity to meet the famous characters from Disney. Fantastic parades and a very impressive fireworks show at the end.I was a little disappointed that a few of the rides were closed for maintenance but the was still plenty of rides available for the family to enjoy Overall a great way to spend a day when visiting Hong Kong whether you are with children or not
There are many theme lands in HK Disneyland and none of them fail to amaze you. The connecting metro is also styled in Disney fashion. It was just amazing experience
It said to be the happiest place on Earth. And it proved because of its wonderful theme and art piece with gave us a jaw dropping experience. From the entrance up to the rides, it gives us the most happiest moment of our lives. We took many photos of the beautiful art pieces like castle, take a ride and it seemed that we are truly on a magical world. We spent one day walking around the place and satisfies with what we have seen. We also take the most exciting rides and shout like there's no tomorrow. After all, we have watched the parade and see the beautiful art work of Disney Characters and most especially the jaw dropping fireworks with musical background of A whole New World mix which we've never missed at the end of stay. Such a great experience!
If you're in Hong Kong for a limited amount of time, I would recommend Ocean Park instead especially if you don't have kids! Not much to  thrill  you if you're between 16 40 years old haha but great for the younger ones!
I am propably one of the biggest Disneyland fans in the world. Because of that I didn't have a lot of expectations of Disneyland Hong Kong. We visited it last week. Weather was okey and it was so quiet! Unbelievable. We could do every attraction twice and even had some time left. I loved the Grizzly train and Mystic Mansion. The last one is one of the best attractions I've ever been in. I was disapointment of the Iron Man Experience and the fact that a lot of restaurants where closed.Overall a fun day and a must do for Disney lovers.
My childhood dreams did come true. Best days of my life and I would want to go back there if given the chance. The parade and fireworks were my most unforgettable part of the whole experience.
I live in California and have been to Disneyland in Anaheim several times. My first time to Hong Kong Disneyland was a nice 1 2 day trip. Its quite small and has very few rides. I think its a nice place if you have very young children, but for the teens there are only a couple of rides.
All the fun and excitement of any Disneyland park.... just a little smaller with an Asian touch. Get there right at 10am. Hit your most wanted attraction first then easily cruise around and see the rest of the park all day. Food and drink is not cheap but what is at Disney. A couple must go on rides. Space mountain. RC Remote in toy story land. Mine car canyon in adventureland. Scary for kids but fun scary..... the Lion King performance is great as well. Full on live musical show with lots for all ages to enjoy. Try not to tap your feet or sing along.... bet you can't. Both parades are great. Sit near the city hall to see them. Best view point. Get to the curb 20 30 minutes early to get a seat. Fireworks are good. Not GREAT but worth staying for. Ride the MTR home. Mickey has his own spur line to the park from the Sunny Bay station. Enjoy. Magical.
Was very small and as we didnt go on the school holidays half the park was closed but full price for tickets was still asked for. Not enough English speaking guides. Was left very confused not knowing what was said. To much was about mickey and mini mouse and not enough on the other disney characters. Unless the kids really bug you about going dont waste your money.
I and family went to Disneyland HK this last Christmas (exactly on 25th Dec). As predicted, the park was full with visiotrs. Thanks God we have booked our ticket online before. This is a very recommended way to avoid the long queue on ticket locket especially during holidays. Just print out the online ticket and redeem your ticket in ticket machines available near the entry gate.
We have been all 6 Disney parks now. This is the 4th best but still fun to go see. You can do the park in 1 2 to 3 4 a day. The park opened at 1030am, but somem of the areas did not open until 11am, so you need to listed and plan accordingly. The grizzley Gulch coaster and the  haunted mansion   not really haunted but really cool   are a must see. Winnie pooh and Buzz were closed so that was a little disappointing. The simulator on Iron Man is a must do as well. The Space Mountain was redone to now have scenery that is like you are in Star Wars jet shooting at the Empire. Best Space Mtn ride of all of them. Its a Small World was even a little better as the scenary is different and includes Disney Princesses in each set, which is fun to find for the kids. Go early as there are multiple line checks to get in. Buy tickets ahead of time as 2 3 of the people that went thru security stopped to get tickets there.
My first advice is for you to download the Disneyland App. Wifi is free all over the amusement park so even if you do not have mobile data, no worries. Having the mobile app is definitely a must.The app will show the schedule of the shows, where the characters are for photo op, it will also help you to go around the park and look for the attractions. Having the app will let you plan your activities better and you will not definitely miss or simply choose which attractions you will visit first.I recommend that you reserve one whole day of your vacation here at Disneyland alone.Fast track tickets are also highly recommended and plan on using it strategically :)Food and souvenir items are kinda expensive but YOLO so don't be too stingy and splurge a little bit.Every part in every ride is well thought off and the details in every attractions are all spot on! I feel that I am part of the story in every ride and attraction that we visited. The parade during the afternoon and evening are also a must see!But the most important thing that you cannot miss out on is the fireworks display. This will seal the deal. This will make every dollar that you spent counts. This will definitely bring you back to your childhood (and for me, it brought tears to my eyes especially during the  A Whole New World Song , I was even singing it on our way home and before I sleep)Your trip to Hong Kong will not be complete without visiting HK Disneyland.
We went to Disneyland today and honestly in made me feel like a child again, so many different choices of rides and attractions to see. Make sure you stay for the night Parade and also the fireworks at night time as these are not to be missed. Dont waste your time waiting for the tarzan boat ride not worth it, i found this the most boring ride and longest wait time (45mins on a monday) in the entire place. Best ride by far would be the mine car rollercoaster followed closely by the star wars ride. RC rollercoaster in toy story land was also very good. A top tip would be to arrive to the lion king and mickey mouse shows 20mins early as they do turn people away if there are too many people already in line
The Hong Kong Disneyland is one of the quickest ways to experience Disneyland. It is not as large as the other Disneylands but it give a good experience. If on a short trip or passing through Hong Kong with kids, it would be worth a visit. One day is enough to cover almost all the rides as the waiting time is mostly between 10mins and 30mins. The Disneyland is a bit away from Hong Kong city so it is recommended to travel by the special train that goes all the way to Disneyland station. Moreover that ride itself provides an experience as the interiors of the train features some Disney characters and even the train windows are customised in that theme. Tickets can be bought online and using the barcode in the confirmation email we can print the tickets using self service machines at the park entrance. If you are spending part of the time to take pictures with the Disneyland characters then it may take more time to cover the whole park as the queues for these photo sessions were long and most of the time the characters would be available in intervals only. It is worth waiting for the procession that starts around 7pm. Show is quiet impressive. Can be enjoyed by kids as well as adults. Later in the night there is a fireworks show which you can wait for if there is enough time. Recommended to visit the park during winter times to get a better over all experience. There are a few restaurants inside the park catering dishes from all over the world so there will be something for everyone. Overall it is recommended for kids including younger kids as it is quiet easy to manage them in this park. The latest attraction during my visit   The Iron Man experience was not yet open to public but was available for those staying at the Disneyland hotel. Probably at the time of writing this review it would have been open to public. The two hotels inside the park are relatively expensive and I don't recommend to stay there as it will also be far away from Hong Kong city making it difficult to travel back and forth. If only visiting the Disneyland then it's ok to stay there and experience it. I did not find any restriction for photography and equipments like tripod, monopod. But it will be better to use a light camera and multipurpose lens. During the evening fireworks or processions we can use the tripod if required. Until then lockers can be utilised to keep valuables and accessories.
when comparing the castle with the overseas one, the one in HK is  tiny  but the experience is also fun, nice, happy!   Good to see ShellieMay and Duffy here! I love Duffy!!!   Scrumptious foods.  Overall experience is fantastic.
I LOVE Disney and I have the parks memorized in the USA. People have told me that the one in Hong Kong isn't nearly as good. I disagree. It is smaller, but very well done and rides are fun. Since it is smaller, there are not as many rides, but it is doable in a day. The day we went was not crowded and not hot, which makes a big difference. In USA, they open the gates early, however, they do not do it here. We got there an hour early and it didn't open until stated opening time. Food wasn't great. We loved the Toy Story area. So creative and different from USA. A nice day if you have done the sights in Hong Kong city.
Visiting Disney was certainly a fun experience and it was interesting to witness a Disneyland as far away as Hong Kong! Obviously pretty similar to the rest regarding the rides however one thing we noticed was the lack of queues! Didn't have to queue for longer than 5 minutes on any ride   definite plus side compared to the American Disneys!
It is a place to be seen, beautiful and congested.Modern yet old, expensive but cheap on some levels.Transportation from the airport is as expected expensive as any big city. We use uber to get around and it was the most cost effective.Mass transit also works well and is reasonable to use.We did the combination of the two.Victoria peak is a.must see at sundown and evening. HK is stunning from there. Hotels are not cheap and rooms are very small by our standards.Food was surprisingly expensive in large restaurants but there are always fast food options!HK is a must see place if only once in your life.
My family and I have been to Euro Disney in France, Disneyland in California and Disney World in Florida. On this family trip, we are going to Hong Kong Disneyland and in a couple days, we'll visit Shanghai Disneyland. I guess maybe I was expecting too much from Hong Kong Disneyland. While we enjoyed the public train ride to the resort, it was overwhelming unorganized, as people pushed to get on and off and rushed to get into the park. All we can say is that we were here and one item off our bucket list. Here's to hoping Shanghai Disneyland will not disappoint.
A good day out but thought park was small , even compared to Paris , quite expensive but if you are in Hong Kong with a seven year old you will have to take them as its Disney land , food is cheaper on the park than other disneys we've been to !!!!
We went in the early afternoon and only left when it was closing time and it was completely worth it. From its own train ride to the park which was unique on its own to the rides and experience we had at the park itself, worth every cent. Stay til the end because they have a little show at the centre with fireworks and everything. Find out the timing and go early to find a good spot to sit because it gets really crowded very quickly and prepare to take lotsa photos!
Hong Kong is the very first outside country a traveled and it we were so exciting to go there. We spent our first day at the Hong Kong Disneyland and it was tiring yet fun. I love the ambiance as well as their one time entrance fee which you can ride unlimited. Had out lunch inside costing 220 300HKD. I love also the time during afternoon parade it was so looong and full of excitement. I saw many Filipinos their like me. It like im not outside the country .
Hi guys, I have heard a lot about The Disneyland across the world but decided to visit HK and witness the show there being from India. First let me speak about the attraction and then the reason I chose to visit HK. I would like to specify that the premises is spread wide enough that you cannot cover the complete attraction in 1 day for sure even if you just play two games in one division (there are about 8 9 divisions in the complete attraction). Hence, I suggest that you book your accommodation along with the tickets for the attraction. First time visitors can definitely go ahead. I would like to inform you that you cannot carry any food into Disneyland. Only water from outside is allowed into the park. You have MTR service directly reaching the park from the mainland. You can also reach the park which is close to the Airport by bus and cab. Now coming to the reason for the visit to HK Firstly.... it is one of the tourist destination close to India featuring Disneyland, Second... it is a good tourist destination having lot of attractions near by like Macau and Shenzen. Third .... you get to have edible veg cuisine and a lot of sea food cuisine if you are in HK.
One of the most amazing experiences i had. We took the tickets from Admirality MTR which were also discounted tickets. From clicking pics with Minie, Minnie, Goofy and the squirrels everything is fantastic. The ticket cost covers the cost of rides and one does not have to pay anything extra. Best parts include Toy land rides, Grizzly the bear ride. Take the Jungle River Cruise at night with fire and lights, railroad which covers almost the entire disneyland, Mickeys Phillar magic which is not to be missed   one can actulaay have watere drops coming on face! ; Snow White which is must for girls, Geyser Gluch awesome, and many more. RC Racer is Toy land is not for faint hearted but awesome. Winnie the Pooh is for small kids but they will love it. Be here at least at hour before the opening hours to get the maximum rides as queues are at least for 45 minutes in rides. The Castle is beautiful and the entire place is fit for lots of pics. Its a good place for vegetarians and yummy food pure vegetarian food is offered in Tahitian Terrace. It is bit pricey but worth it. Large enough to give a fill. Night parade is a must and not to be missed. A must to visit place. Dont carry any baggae along as they charge a lot for storage. If you wish to buy then clothes in certain stores are of comeitive prices otherwise they are pricey. The Disneyland Metro train which takes you the land is beautiful and has the windows carved out as the face of mickey. Its a beautiful train. The last show which takes place as Disney in Stars is again not to be missed. The land closes after this show so make your way towards Mickey Metro rail which is the only option to move out of the place. In the last do not miss, Chip and Dale in Main Street, Snow White at Snow Castle, fantasy parade which takes place in afternoon at main street and festival of lion King. To see the entire place one has to walk a lot, so be ready for long happy walks
This was out first Disneyland experience and enjoyed it even though it is obviously more targetted for families with small children. It had a  feel good  vibe and was a relaxing environment even with crowds
Let me preface by writing we have been to Disney Florida and Disney California. Took my 4 year old twins to HK with me on business and decided to bring them to HK Disney as a treat. My children are biracial Caucasian Asian. I am Caucasian, mom is Asian.My son has light brown hair dark blonde hair and hazel eyes with some minimal Asianfeatures (e.g., no epicanthic eyefold so his eyes look more Westen while his bone structure is more Asiatic). His twin sister has a darker complexion and aside from medium brown hair eyes, she looks like a light skinned Asian toddler.My son was constantly hassled by Japanese and Korean patrons in the park, mostly obnoxious women between the ages of 30 40 years old who not only asked completely inappropriate and racists questions of my wife and I, but also thought it acceptable andOK to take selfies with my son. One of the women, a woman from Osaka, keptreferring to my son as  cute half breed boy. I put a stop to this after around the 8th or 9th Japanese Korean woman did this (mind you this was in the first two hours we were in the park). The final straw for me was when we went to a Disney stage show and the had an Asian woman made up in black face paintperforming a circa  1950's America  song a la Beans & Cornbread in front of a thousandlittle kids.Given the insane price of entry, small size and limited features of this Disney park, notto mention the  merchandizing attempts  every five feet and the profoundly racist experiences we had to deal with, I am crossing this off as a  we'll visit them again  place for the kids. The Ocean Park nearby is much better and nobody thought my childwas a park attraction toy for taking cell phone photos.I'd skip Disney HK and opt for the stateside parks. Maybe we will try Disney Shanghai with better luck.
First time visit to any Disney establishment.Being an aged pensioner pleasantly surprised to receive reduced admission fee $1oo HK dollars instead of $600HK.Once inside it is Disney,Disney and more Disney.No matter whats your age it is a visit that has to be done.Plenty to do for families and enough for people of my age group to do without experiencing a cardiac arrest.Great friendly atmosphere and pleasant staff.
Easy to get to, about $75 per person for a day. Not a lot of rides but still have that Disney feel to it.
Our family from India met with my sister in law family from Australia in Disney land and stayed for a night in Disney hotel and got 2 day pass. Even in two days we were able to cover only 80%. All the parades are must see. The hotel is ok only not that great for the hype created.
Stepping into the world of Disney is always an exciting one. The Disneyland at Hong Kong is no different and in fact you tend to spend less time queuing here than the other Disney parks around the world. Yes it's not the biggest of the Disney parks, but it's great for a day visit or two. We went on the new Iron Man Experience which I didn't think was all that great, but Toy Story land is fantastic, great design and you feel like a big kid. Make sure you stay for the 'Paint the Night Parade' which is simply Disney at it's best, it's one of the best parade's i've ever seen and I would have made the visit just to see it!
We have visited Disneyland first time in life and found ultimate and awesome place for Fun and Entertainment for Adult and kids both .Rides are awesome and best experience .Theme are perfect .Good view and surroundings .Full day fun place in Hongkong !
HK Disney is small but they have built more and more since it was first opened. So every time I go back, there's a new ride waiting for me. For visitors who just want to visit once, then save it for later days as more rides will be available.They host some special night time events nowadays, look out for those events and they could make your visit more interesting.Transportation is fairly easy, and there's always a parking spot for you if you drive.
5 sisters from Australia and 3 others all travelling together visited Disney landThis really is a must do if you enjoy a little bit of fantasyThe night show was amazing, made for a long day by the time we actually left But well worth the wait.Don't forget if over 65 get the pension rate, a huge difference in the price
Arrived during the 2nd week of March and had a 2 day admission ticket .There were relatively little crowds during the weekdays and the temperature during this time is cool between 18 to 23 degrees Celsius. The park must visit rides include the iron man experience and for pre schoolers all rides in fantasy land. The picture taking with the various characters would take up most of ur time as crowds magically appear whenever these sessions are on.
It was my 3rd trip and 2nd trip for my 5 year old. She absolutely loves it! We got the ticket with the dining offer (that offers one combo meal at designated restaurants in the park) and it was value for $.There are new attractions as compared to my last trip like e Iron Man n the toy story.There is even a night parade that is one hour before the fireworks. The fireworks has reinvented itself by having a laser show at the same time!Overall, it was a fun experience for my child!
We have always loved Disneyland and this Park is one of them. In Asia, this is one of the most accessible and easy one to go to. I think it is the smallest though compared to all other DisneyParks but the fun is just the same!
This place is a must visit for families with kids especially the night parade . The place is clean n child friendly only one minus point the food is very expensive as outside food are not allowed in but the good part we can get halal food so forget about the price although it may cost as much if not even more than the tickets
Great day in the park , easy to get to  On underground , not as big as Orlando  Or Paris but as normal with Disney good , rides seamed not do fast here
I was so in love with Disneyland since i was a child. It was a dream come true when i finally went there. Meet with beautiful princess and of course Disney gangs.
Been looking forward to my first visit and it didn't disappoint :) Loved everything we visited. Since I'm weak hearted no adventurous rides for me but still enjoyed the tamer rides and all the sites. Seeing the parades with familiar Disney characters and of course the fireworks show at the end made me tear up with happiness. And I am already old :) really awakened the kid in me
After waiting years for the children to grow we were finally there and the place lived up to ALL expectation. The park was clean, well and thoughtfully laid out, easy to get around and the staff were helpful, polite and most of all understood what we were saying. Plenty of refuelling stops, lots of merchandise to purchase relevant to the area theme and plenty of seats to sit and just chill. We had a 2 day pass and it was well worth it, to purchase the extra day was only $40, whereas if we had purchased a 2nd separate day it would have cost the full fee and believe me $40 is a lot cheaper than $480. Overall it was a fantastic experience in the happiest place in the world, oh and I had my photo taken with Chewbacca
I have been to other Disneylands many times. The Hong Kong Disneyland is very well done as Disney always is. It Is a smaller park with many very good live shows. There are not many big rides such as rollercoasters and fast rides. But overall the park was lovely. My grandson had a great time in Fantasyland, the buzz ride, Toy Story land etc. I would definitely return with small children.
It is good value for kids.. if you are a kid at heart it can be ok too, there is nothing scary unless you're a scarf cat... we enjoyed ourselves and and we are over 40
Went again   now our third time with the kids. Lines were short. People friendly and a great place to go. We spent one day here and then came back to do the rest  otherwise its too tiring for the kids.
Went there as it's my girl's birthday. Nothing exciting as has been here many times. Staff at the ticket booth not friendly n feel agitated when dealing with customers unlike the first time when we visit when they were newly opened. Now there is express ticket counter where we can get n need not wait for long g time however we did not try this as park was not crowded. Lion King show is fantastic. They have only one new ride.
Small Disneyland park, perfect for kids of 3 6 years old. If there are not many queues, you can experience almost all the attractions in one full day. Night parade highly recommended: very involving!
It's always packed here with long lines for everything   especially the rides. The rides are all very short and not very thrilling   I know Disney is meant to be for all ages but the rides feel like they are made exclusively for kids under 10. Add that with the crowds and I'd rather wait the several years it'll take me to go to the real DisneyWorld.
My husband and I had a wonderful day at HongKong Disney land! Very tidy and inviting areas. Every ride we went on had us smiling and laughing. I didn't want to leave and the gift shops are amazing.
It brought out the child in me. We visited on a week day and found it easily on the MRT (it has its own line and even the train was Disney themed). We were concerned we'd be the only adults there, we weren't and the majority of people visiting were adults, there were hardly any children which was nice. There's plenty to do to fill up your day. It wasn't overly busy so we didn't have to wait long. The only let down was the food which wasn't very pleasant. On the way out we were given souvenirs for taking part in a survey about our trip and felt our opinions were listened to. I can definitely recommend visiting, even as an adult!
We visited Hong Kong Disneyland with our 2 year old daughter and loved it. Way smaller then all other Disneyland parks we have visited, but great for small kids and very short waiting lines. Had a great day over here and will definitely visit again when we have the small one along.
I would recommend you to rent the locker to ease you during the one day play. It is located on an alley near a bakery on Main St. be sure to bring change of clothes cause I saw that most of people get drenched in sweat here. My fav attractions was the grizzly gulch roller coaster, I rode that 6 times! And it's got single rider, it really helped cut the queue! Tommorowland, Mystic Manor, and RC Racer are worth to try as well!
It can't be the happiest place on earth if it's filled with pushing shoving tourists and crowd. The queues were horrific and there was no management of the queues. The crowd was jumping queue, queuing for a family of 14, and, ill mannered. It made for a negative experience all round. The food was expensive and the restaurant areas were not properly maintained. By that I mean that it was not cleared up fast enough to manage the throngs coming into the restaurants. Needs crowd control, more affordable restaurants with ample seating and more expansive menus.
One of the company's parks, it has many attractions similar to other Disney parks. The name, however, boosts the entrance ticket cost to high levels. Nightly fireworks display at 8 pm. Easy access by car or MTR train.
I love Disney so I love HK Disney. You know what you'll get, you know what's there and you won't be disappointed. There's a Disney airport shop too in case you forget your souvenirs.
Hong Kong Disneyland is considered small among other Disneyland. The bright side is you will only need a day to conquer all the attractions.Since mainland tourists of China also opted HK for a getaway, this place kinda packed and crowded even in a casual weekday. So I suggest everyone who plans to visit to start as early as you can.Oh the last, the price of meals and snacks here slightly cheaper compare to other Disney parks.
I went there almost the end of February 2017. Unfortunately, the weather isn't on my side, it was cloudy and windy (extra windy with Disneyland right near the seacoast). It took me 40 45 minutes by MTR to go to Disneyland (can be shorter or longer depending on what station is near you, mine is Yau Ma Tei station). I arrived around noon on a Friday, not many people yet (becomes crowded around 3 4PM). It is best to take the Disneyland train if you come in the morning so as you can see the whole park and know which you want to go first. For me, I went from right and circle my way around (my last ride being Grizzly ride). Oh, and I bought an online ticket for one day   plus one meal (589 HKD) from selected restaurant (cheaper than buying at the park). During the day, there will be several recognizable Disney mascots (mickey minney; donald d; Elsa; etc) going to different spots to take pictures). For those planning to collect them all, plan well! You can end up waiting 1.5 hours (seems longer with the cold wind) just to take a pic with one mascot. Ask the staff around the park when and where the mascots will be.As for the rides, there are several to choose from, my favs are Grizzly and Star Wars (all coasters!). You can bring a bottle of water in but doesn't allow food. Eat before entering as the price is quite high.One whole day should be enough to cover most of the rides and activities and parades and fireworks (and by whole day I mean from opening until closing) but two is preferable so as to not get too exhausted (lots of walking!).
Everything you would expect from a Disney theme park. The mark is on the smaller side but everything is new and maintained. The best part is the private train to the park, very easy and accessible.
First Disneyland experience for my family and a positive one. Saw the Lion King and Mickey shows and night parade, which were all professional and impressive. Ticket was very expensive, but still felt good value gor the money. Visited on Friday from 1 to 8 pm. Rides were fun for both 4 and 9 y old, lines were'nt too bad, ranging from 5 to 25 min for a few, maybe the cold weather held away the crowds. Even the fast food was edible. If in Hong Kong, would definitely visit again. try to get there by opening and do not leave the shopping for the last hour when the shops are like an ant nest.
First came here more than 13 yrs ago and it was packed like sardine but this time round it was much more easier to queue for the rides. average queue for the rides was 25 min on a weekday so there was no need to buy express pass. Easily accessible by MTR but distance might be a bit far. Would be best to stay 1 night here if travelling with young kids.
HK disneyland is a full day activity and suitable for all ages. If you like the rides, try Space Mountain. If you are an elderly, try the ride called Around the World. Mickey's Philhar Magic is a very good show and so is the parade. If you like fireworks then you should stay till the evening and watch the fireworks. The water splash ride is a lot of fun too. To get there take the Tung Chung (yellow) line MTR to Sunny Bay and the Disneyland train from there. Start early to avoid long queues and enjoy without much crowd. There are varoius restaurants and the one in adventureland also offers a vegetarian set which is filling and good.
If you are a senior, age 65 or over, you can get admission to Disney Hong Kong for about $10.00 U.S. It is not all for children and teens, and there are many good restaurants also in the complex. The cable ride itself is worth it, and shows all the amusements and theatre's from a bird's eye view. The Theatre itself is worth it also, comes with vibrating seats, mist for rain, wind, so it is a real involved movie theatre. Have fun
If you're into standing in long lines to get your picture taken with Disney characters, then this is a place for you! The lineups are long for the rides, which pale in comparison to California Disneyland. If you want great rides, I'd suggest going to Ocean Park, instead of HK Disneyland. If you want a shirt that says  I went to HK Disneyland , then this is your place.
But realize that this is one of the smallest Disney parks and it didn't have too much to offer. The best attraction is Mystic Manner, not so scary version of haunted mansion and Aladdin mixed into a ride. They apparently are going under some reconstruction to enlarge the park and add more features.
The place is not only for kids but for the kids at heart.  I've been there twice but will definitely come back again.  If you're in Hongkong, this place is a must visit!
Me and my partner spent the day hereWe got there via the MTR which was very easy and they even have a Disney train with micky mouse shaped windows This was my first time to Disney land and I'm 26 years old I still had a great time, obviously had a better time because I don't have children to annoy me all day and see all the kid attractionsDefinitely check it out once in your life, prices aren't as bad as you think there going to be either
enjoyed every moment!!   We have been there to celebrate our kids birthday and he enjoyed every moment. It was a hot day but we like it and best part of the parade.  Don't miss it.
 Enjoyed every second of it, made me feel like a kid again. As it was my first visit to Disneyland as an adult bought the kid out of me. The place is magical and the smile it bought to my face was priceless. A must visit in a life time relive your childhood. Will not be disappointed in any way. Nice rides and a full day of fun guaranteed.
They moan and groan every year and seem to constantly lose money. Yet their key attractions are closed for upkeep, it seems all the time. Food outlets are disgusting unhealthy rubbish fast greasy food. Full of junk shops and baby rides. When comparing this miserable place to Ocean Park its absolutely  no contest . Someone needs to be fired from management (n oxymoron in this case). Best skip it is my advice.
If you wanna visit Disneyland I would suggest you spend at least one day here. I and my friend spent a day and we still couldn't finish all the attractions. The queue to take a picture with Mickey and Minnie is very long. Also some attractions like star war and iron man. You can download their apps to see the waiting hour and timing. The show for night parade is at 7 pm. It's really a great show.. Also firework at 8pm.
You'll become a kid again when visiting Disneyland. There's a train with metro connection. If you arrive by train you'll be mesmerised. The only issue are the extremely long queues for the rides
The park only open at 10.30am and it is very crowded at the gate before it is opened.Ask the staff what is inside before joining the queue as you might queue for an hour for just 30 seconds photo taking.
First answering some typical questions traveler's may have:1. Should you visit or not? Definitely Yes, if you have not seen any Disneyland before!2. How much time to devote? We did in a day with few misses, 2 days are suggested if you dont want to miss anything.3. Tickets? Better buy online, why stand in queue.4. Tip: Visit before you see Ocean Park.5. Are there rides for adults or is it kids only park? There are rides which adults can enjoy. RC Racer is only one for adults to give adrenaline rush. But still, it is a must, it is a different world.6. Food? Plenty of options for Non veg. For veggie found corn and few other stuff, nothing as a proper meals. You can carry dry snacks, fruits. We carried sandwiches and were asked to dump it at the entrance.Disneyland was one of the attractions we were looking forward to. Traveling by MTR is best option. Reach Sunny Bay MTR from your start point. From Sunny Bay there is another train that takes to Disneyland. This train is customized to have statues of characters inside it, windows are Mickey Mouse shaped.Once we reached there, we took the map and planned our stops. Meet characters on the way, there may be queue but do that. You wont find characters anywhere else. As per my 3.5 years old son,  meeting characters  was the best part of Disneyland.If you are planning to spend one day then you can skip   Jungle River Cruise section, not a must.Dumbo the elephant was surprising hot favorite. Cinderella Carousel is nice, Slinky Dog Spin was colourful and enjoyable for a 3 yrs old. We did most of the activities on the way. There is a 3D show too.The one thing which I personally liked the most and would recommend not to miss is 'Mickey and the Wondrous Book' show. There are show timings that you need to check in advance.Overall fun, lots of wonderful things to experience, amazing toy shops, souvenir shops and lot more tiring too!
Being a 90's kid I grew up watching cartoon network and Disney as we all know gave us the most of the great cartoon characters. I must say I got nostalgic and it was fun.Don't forget to watch the parade in the end. It's quite big so it would take your while day.
Clean, organized, high tech rides, good food, clean toilets, we had a great time. Smaller than Ocean Park, but everything is like being put just in their right place and function. You should stay until closing time to watch their night time show and the fireworks party. I didn't finish the show because need to catch up the dinner reservation in the Enchanted Garden restaurant at the Disney Hotel. Buffet is really expensive, but worth the price for its spectacular extensive menu and dessert. Heaven for the sweet tooth. And the best of all, Mickey, Minnie, Duffie, Pluto, will come to take a picture with you. You can opt for the photo pass for unlimited online pics (around HKD 400) or they will offer you to take pictures with your phone. It was a memorable experience.
This place is perfect for both elderly and kids.. We thoroughly enjoyed a day out, a perfect outing, it is not that big and we covered almost all attractions. It is recommended to visit in weekdays as there are long queues during weekend and you lose lots of time in the queue.
I have never been to a Disneyland before but having ducked out of the 3 hour wait for a bus to the Big Buddha, Disneyland beckoned. With its own railway link from airport line, the venue is easy to get to. The park was not too crowded on the day of the visit and it was easy to navigate. The venue is focussed on experiences for small children and as my wife and I are not in that category, there were a limited number of attractions that we wanted to participate in. We were however pleased to have visited the site and enjoyed the trip.
HK Disneyland is most suitable for the younger kids. It is small a nd somewhat boring compared to the others we've been to. The Disneyland Hotel was the highkight for our son, with it's Disney Channel in the bathtub and really great wading swimming pool area.If a Disneyland in Asia is your destination   the place to go is Tokyo.
Animated colour vision life !!!! Once in a lifetime, never go to Disney' Universes   you wasting your time in your life. Trumbling heart parade. Tooooooooooooo crowds. Kids must plan earlier to be in the front of the line with many surprises !!!!!Smile from hearts for all !!!
One of the famous activities in Hong Kong. Hong Kong Disneyland was small place that you can walk around easily but full of the attractions. Its very suitable for kids.
super enjoy but lines will take up much of your energy and time  do not miss the shows, the parades and the fireworks
This is one of the famous attraction in HK. I think it is worth to visit especially if you have children or if you are Disney fans. It was quite relaxing and great for photos taking.
It's so amazing and fabulous,wonderful feeling to be with your family enjoying every moment in Disneyland.we enjoyed the rides.no boring moments.ilove it!
Just as we imagined it would be! Staff was helpful and efficient. Just bring enough pocket money for the food and lovely items you might want to buy
I knew the park was smaller than the average Disney property, but was surprised at just how small it was. Also, it was disappointing that two rides were closed for maintenance (although I certainly appreciate that they are maintained!) I went with my boyfriend on a Thursday. Thankfully because the lines were pretty long and I can't imagine what they'd be like on a weekend. Even though they were long, they did go by quickly.The Ironman 4 D  ride  was great, as was the mine car rollercoaster. The jungle ride was silly and boring. We also took a ride thru the Magic Manor (I think that's the name) and it was cute. We did the tea cups and the parachute ride.As is typical with Disney, very expensive, but there were a lot of restaurants to choose from. I do wish there were more varieties of snacks throughout the park. It was very clean and there were a lot of employees. Everyone spoke English which was helpful and not expected.
Hong Kong Disneyland is worth going to if you are going to be in Hong Kong for an extended trip and you are with your family. Make sure you check out which rides will be closed when planning your visit! A ton of (much needed) renovations are happening.
Disneyland is truly one magical place! Be sure to make an itinerary if you wish to try most of the attractions. Tip: Avoid as much as possible having photo op with Mickey or any mascot along Main St. upon opening time (instead, better to schedule this After you've finished all your favorite rides.) Head straight to TomorrowLand first, as this is where long queues really build up.Never ever miss RC Racer and the Big Grizzly Mountain roller coaster, esp. for thrill ride seekers! For the shows, don't miss Mickey and the Fairy Tale Book and Mickey's Philharmagic :)
we went last year and this year we enjoyed it with our 4 years Daughter .  the games the show the fire works at night  everything was great , staff are helpful   Only the food wasn't nice and almost Chinese cuisines that we dont like.
The land of fantasy and imagination comes to live. This is a place to visit with your family and also a couple it just amazes you. The parade and the rides are fabulous and you need a complete day for the visit.
Fantastic place for Caucasians to experience Disney with an oriental flavour. Why bother coming to HK to experience the same Western culture? Think Chinese Mickey, Chinderella and other characters. As a result, most of the mainlanders have shifted their attention to destroy and defecate the Disney in Shanghai leaving some peace and tranquility in Disney HK. For the price you pay, you queue a lot less compared to elsewhere. For those who use USD, there is an incentive to go as HKD is pegged to USD so you wont find yourself paying more than as a result of currency fluctuation.
Very enjoyable day at Hong Kong Disney, it cost aprrox   65 for the one day pass, the fireworks were excellent at the end of the day, we did get around the whole park in a day which indicates it is quite small, but all in all well worth it!!
This was the second time we visited the park and I didn't realise how small it was until we got here. That may be a good thing if you only have a day and have small children, so you don't have to walk much. We were here for three days and it was bit too much time with too little to do. Also, the disappointment is probably more because we visited Paris Disneyland last year and Tokyo the year before, so in comparison, Hong Kong Disneyland pales. However, we didn't even need any fastpasses for any of the attractions as the rides weren't very crowded with all wait times less than 20 mins. We also caught the Lion King three times and the kids did they favourite rides numerous times. We didn't even use the priority pass we had for the iron man experience as the wait time was under 15 minutes. There aren't many thrill rides other than runaway minecart as hyperspace mountain is under refurbishment. If this is the first park you'll be visiting, then go for it. But if you've been to other parks around the world, you might end up disappointed.
If you are travelling with young Kids , I suggest you yo take 2 day pass for comfort and ease of entire family.Disneyland has less of adventurous rides but more of Family rides and shows which are thoroughly to be enjoyed and not to be missed.Famous rides have got Fast Track Ticket Machine installed. So just flash your REGULAR Disneyland Entry ticket across the vending machine and you shall get a ticket mentioning what time to come back for the ride. This helps you save lots and lots of time and you feel like a king or queen going through the Fast Track Lane whilst others stand in queue awaiting their turn.If planning for 2 day visit, I suggest you go early and come back early before 6.00PM on first day to avoid heavy rush and for second day can reach by 12.00PM noon and stay till end to witness Disney Parade and Fireworks.
I wanted to celebrate my birthday by doing something unique and memorable and believe me I was not disappointed.From the moment you enter the park everything is  Magical  and once they knew it was my birthday I was greeted by all the cast members who wished me a  happy day  and  have fun on your birthday .Upon checking in at The Disneyland Hotel we were made to feel like we were the only people staying there..a knock on the bedroom door and I was greeted by two cast members who handed me a cake and a birthday card from  Mickey  and the gang. The hotel d  cor is magnificent and our room overlooked the sea, French windows complimented the look, the bathroom had toiletries that were in boxes that showed the seven dwarfs, complimentary slippers were also provided for you, dressing gowns were hanging in the wardrobe which could be purchased for a fee.You also had actual china cups to drink tea from and what a variety of tea was on offer, along with coffee and bottled water.Actual birthday I had breakfast in the  Enchanted Garden  where a fantastic variety of food is available and the characters come and pose with you, nothing is  too much trouble  for the cast, it truly was a memorable stay and I would recommend anybody planning to visit to stay in this hotel, would I stay again...Absolutely 100%!
By far the best attraction to visit if you are with children ...an Ideal way to spend time with whole family and to make memories....excellent rides especially the Grizzly Gulch !!! you will never forget it once you ride it.... you can get diffrent varites of food Including Halal Certified Food for anyone looking out for it. This place needs at least 2 days and expect 30 mint min wait at each rides... dont miss the evening parade and the light show...which is the highlight of the place.....Kids will love you more after your visit!!!
Whatever age you are, you will always love Disneyland! Two special times you should go, Christmas or Halloween and our schedule permitted us to go during Halloween! Loved what they did to the place. The decoration, shows, highlights and all! Although the food can be pricey, you and your family will love to see Mickey mouse and the whole gang. Plan your visit here in order to skip attractions or rides that are not suitable for you. The park opens at 10am so better be there early in order to make your trip worthwhile.
A pretty small Disneyland theme park when compared to the rest around the world. The rides and facilities were not bad despite being on a smaller scale. The younger staff were full of energy and passion, which you could associate with in a Disney park. However, the good things stop there. There were quite a number of issues which could inconvenience your experiences at the park:1. Service from the older staff in supervisory positions are often a let down. They generally appeared to be cold and curt, displaying lack of professionalism and enthusiasm of those younger staff. For example, there was one supervisor (in white) at the Royal Banquet Hall who raised his voice and was pretty rude in his reply when approached. 2. Number of food options curtailed with several restaurants closed.3. A number of rides and facilities were also closed during the visits. 4. Numerous mistakes at shows such as Festival of the Lion King and Mickey and the Wondrous Book. For example, singing was not in sync with the music and often out of tune. Dancing was not in sync as well. Overall, the experience at the theme park was marred by the unfortunate incidents.
What more can I say but amazing loved every minute of it even the queues didn't bother us Longest was about 20 mins . characters were so good with the kids The night parade and fireworks made me feel like a little kid again
great to see, lots of walking and fun things to see.  the parade was exciting . rides thrilling. good food choices
Always like to go to any Disneyland. This place, like other Disneyland park always gets me excited. I don't need to tell much since come on its Disney everybody.. we grew up with hundred of Disney pictures
Travelling from Hong Kong station to Disneyland HK is really easy and convenience using MTR about 45 50 minutes. I would recommend you to buy park admission ticket prior before getting to the park to avoid long line at the ticket booth.The park was somehow busy with lots of Chinese tourists even I visited the park on Thursday. But all the rides attractions lines weren't that long, and I got into each attraction within 50 minutes.By the way, food, beverages, souvenirs are too expensive. If you would like to spend the whole day in the park, you may consider to buy 3 in 1 meal coupon for your lunch and dinner as it will save you some money.MUST SEE ATTRACTIONS!  Iron Man Experience: Just launched in 2017!  Iron Man Tech Showcase  STAR WARS   : Command Post: Take a photo with Chewbacca, and R2 D2!  Barrel of Fun: Take a photo with favorite toys from Toy Story movie!  RC Racer  Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars  Buzz Lightyear Astro BlastersHowever, I was disappointed that the Hyperspace Mountain was closed due to annual inspection during my visit.Staffs around the park are helpful with good English.Be sure to get FastPass on some attractions that provide FastPass distribution machines to avoid the long queue!
Great place for children. Food expensive . Crowded during holiday season Chinese New Year . Must try if in Hong Kong
As HUGE Disney fans, this was one of the biggest draws in visiting Hong Kong. Unfortunately the park just seemed to be missing the magical Disney atmosphere of most Disney Parks. The castle is far too small (but I believe there are plans for it being improved), there is no area for shows infront of it. The cast members were not as happy and bubbily as with other parks. The park has all the traditional areas and the rides are whole family friendly. We also booked a Private Tour through the park website which was amazing. Dani, our host, spoke fantastic English and was able to restore that Disney feeling that had been missing. The private tour makes you feel like a rockstar as you get to queue jump on most of the rides and get reserved seating in shows. Would definitely recommend anyone to do this.
Lots of reviews below mention how small it is in comparison to the parks in Florida. That's true but taken on its own terms, this park is great fun. We spent nearly 7 hours here and did not see everything so I think that's big enough for a day trip! (In fact, its compact size can be a positive in getting around between rides and zones, which takes no time at all.) Several rides and attractions were genuinely top class and we were there as adults without kids...all of whom in the park seemed to be having the best time of their lives, particularly when the parade went past! The new Iron Man ride is awesome, especially as it's HK specific; the Lion King show is very impressive; Hyperspace Mountain is a wonderful example of how to update a ride to make it relevant after years and years. The racing car ride in the Toy Story zone and the runaway mining cart are also very fun, with short queues. ON TOP OF THAT, the western 'Coca Cola Cafe' on Main Street serves very good food. Yes, it's expensive but my wagyu beef burger was the second best I've had since moving here (second only to Butchers Club). It was that good. Anyway, all in all, a wonderful place for a day trip.
The Hong Kong Disneyland is quite big, one day is not enough to explore all the places in the Disneyland. I went there on weekend i only manage to go for 4 rides only. but the experience is quite good but tired.
Disney will never fail. It will bring out the kid in any one. It is simply enchanting and magical. The rides are so enjoyable for both adults and kids. The parade is awesome to watch... the fireworks!!! Very mesmerizing. I really dnt have much more to say about Disneyland. It's needless to say... just awesome ttm. Word of advice: pls rem to apply sunblock...
Large scale Disney gift shop featuring a few rides. The rides are all very tame, which makes it good for family's with young kids. I visited on a Thursday and the queues were at worst 30ish minutes. Was a pleasant 'Disney experience' which the wife loved, and against my better judgement I kind of enjoyed, but if it's exciting rides you want, then go to Ocean Park.
The park was wonderful, our only wish was there some bigger coaster for teens, as sadly hyperspace mountain was closed for refurbishment. The parades and fireworks were amazing, we were lucky to get vip viewing areas to watch these due to the package we booked with hotel this made it even more magical and stress free. We visited the park for 2 days day one doing all rides and jedi temple. (This was a Wednesday and tge queues were 15mins max. On Thursday we concentrated more on shows, parades, fireworks and a few favourite rides it was much busier with wait time of 30   40mins.Fireworks were AMAZING.We visited for my son's birthday and he received a birthday badge to where, staff and characters very friendly wishing him happy birthday.
Disneyland, who doesn't love Disneyland. Hong Kong Disneyland has 7 big part of area, tens of shows and parades. So you need at least half day to visit this amusement park (I said at least). Tips: buy ticket in your hotel to get cheaper price and ticket box's queuing line in Disneyland.
It is indeed the happiest place on earth! My first travel abroad with my friends and of course Disneyland is a must on our itinerary. Feels like you are kid again. We tried almost all the rides and amenities there.MUST RIDE: The Iron Man Experience, Hyperspace Mountain, Buzz Lightyear, RC Car, Jungle River Cruise, RC Car, Mystic Manor, Grizzly Gulch Mine Cars etc! Cool breeze of weather since we visited first week of February. Food by the way is too expensive. Huhuhuhu. Souvenirs too but bought something just for me to remember that I went there. You can bring a water container because there are water stations in the area. Make sure you catch the Disney Parade at 3pm, Lights Parade at 7pm and the Fireworks at Sleeping Beauty Castle at 8pm.
It's a fascinating place to visit and everyone would love to go. Full of exciting movie characters to see personally.
Its small. the rides are ok. If you been to the American one then dont even think about this. The staff is not so friendly which is a bit ironic! Nothing for vegetarians except popcorn
I love Hong Kong. Everything is s0lenfid about Hongkong. This is our 3rd visit. And disneyland is the icing on the cake...
Needless to say, there is no way you can skip disneyland. Adult, child or just grandparents, you would totally become a child in this place. Booking of tickets at the counter is no hassle at all.Senior citizens could be much bothered by the amount of walking. But you can rent wheel chairs. The rides are AWESOME   Space Mountain and Grizzly Gulch. Very very memorable. Food is OK. It is a visit that you would never ever forget!
I was going to Disneyland with my kids and my daughter's classmate. It was very fun. For Pok  mon Go players: We caught a Dewgon near the  Sleeping Beauty Castle  and Machoke @ the Foyer. We went there for the new ride  Iron Man Experience  which has recently been opened. Surprisingly, the wait was only 20 minutes. The ride was very fun.
Not just kids that enjoy this place but also adults where rides are also for adults.  It brings out the kinds in us.
 my family really enjoy our trip in hk, speacially hk disneyland it brings out the child in me, although it was raining when we went there, it does'nt stop to enjoy the place, we loved the fireworks display  beautiful & breathtaking
Slightly disappointed during our visit to Disney, felt very over priced, and treated 2nd class for being a foreigner. Had fast passes, was told they didn't work, then the next attraction accepted it, I mentioned they should tell the co workers at the Buzz Light year ride...I was approached by the manager for more detail, which was interesting...but a true apology would mean more...my intent was not to get anyone in trouble, just...well it felt discriminatory. The line up for photo with Mickey and Minnie at 2:34 minutes, well nice but not that nice.. Photo Pass cards with no photos to add to the collection, only 3 of 6 cards worked..so for a favorite stop in my passed, it's not shining like it used too...maybe Florida next time
This was the third time i visited the place and i should say the park still amazed me. Seeing Disney princesses and Disney characters brought me back to my childhood stage. I will never be bored going back again to this place. We visited during the Chinese New Year week and there's a lot of people. I guess if you want to try all the rides, don't ever go during their holiday season to avoid long queues.
Took the meal ticket offer. Smaller park, less people, and managed to queue for quite a few rides. Might return someday.
Hong Kong Disneyland is relatively small compared to the other Disneylands. But I think it is still very entertaining except the service level of the staff could be more cheerful.
An expensive place to visit, but has lot of stories to tell. A must visit for everyone, if you are first timer and with kids. Do remember to carry in food and water along as it is quiet expensive inside. Also travel light with comfortable shows as one will have o walk in long.
Disneyland is indeed the happiest place on earth and we come here every year. Our children are always looking forward to new attractions and sadly, we were too early to catch the Iron Man Experience. However, we enjoyed the new attraction, Fairy Tale Forest by Pandora.
Great experience. The whole experience is done so well from the music and sounds to all the attractions. The place is ultra clean as well which is very nice. Sometimes there is a wait for some rides but most of them get through the line ups quite quickly. Eat the Asian food rather then the western food as it is much nicer!
Having experienced the LA, Tokyo and Paris Dineyland parks in the past, I rate the Hong Kong park as my favourite. This was the secind time I've visited the park (the last being 6 years ago), and once again found the park to be much less crowded than those in other countries. The rides have been updated since my previous visit. I also love the special Disney themed MTR train that services the park.
Upon entry to the Hong Kong Disneyland, there were many restrictions.  No selfie stick allowed to be used inside.  No outside food allowed, very strict checks in hand carry bags.What happened if those who are on different diet, example vegetarian, there are no pure vegetarian food available.  Will not visit again if given the choice.
Disappointing because it's a bit small. If you've been to any other Disney theme park I think this one wouldn't compare favorably.   On the plus side, of you are Disney mad and have small kids it sure it would be fun!
Disneyland is always a fun place to visit. Be prepared to spend your time and money there. The queues can be daunting for some of the attractions. You need to plan your visit properly in order to enjoy the whole park. Food and drinks is expensive inside. To get here, you need to take the MTR to sunny Bay Station and then change to the Disney Line. You will be amused by the design of the train.
Smaller compared to Tokyo Disneyland but still fantastic! Went there on a weekday so lesser lines. Check first showtimes before lining up for the rides; shows are great. Don't forget to try Space Mountain and the Rides in Toy Story land.
If you have already been to Orlando Disney or EuroDisney, and you have few days in Hong Kong, it's not worth to visit because it doesn't have new different attractions.Therefore, if you have time and want to meet Chinese Mikey, it's a small but very nice Disney.
We can walk from end to end within 15 minutes. The rides are about the same as any Disneyland but this park is small compared to the others in the US. Its still a nice day out for the little kids.
Have always wanted to visit Disneyland and since Hong Kong is closer than the USA decided to visit whilst visiting Hong Kong. It was great, brother says smaller than the original US version but I did not care. A large amount of walking required but waiting times were very short on most rides and attractions. If you have grandchildren as I do, not a cheap place to buy gifts but then again it is a holiday. Took a tour that supplied pick up and return to hotel, much easier than having to get yourself there and home but that can be done via the MTR if you prefer. Fireworks are set off about 8.30pm, depending on the sunset of course so it makes it a very long day from when the park opens at 10am. Two parades are held daily, around 2pm and then again around 7pm but those times might change. A great day but wear very, very comfortable shoes.
This is amazing, wonderful experience that one should have at least once either with your friends or family members and or kids as kids really love this place as one can see all Disney characters in live when there is big rally then there are many fun and thrill filled rides and games. It requires 1 2 complete days to see whole of Disneyland. It's the only one theme park which is in Hong Kong and one of the biggest theme park, accommodating millions of visitors annually. So I really recommend that it's a must go and must watch place.
Fantastic experience. Went on a Friday afternoon. Wasn't overly crowded. Longest ride wait was an hour. Sadly business doesn't seem to be too good as quite a lot of the eateries were closed. Place grew more crowded towards the late afternoon. Must stay for the fireworks which were fantastic. Overall most of the rides were good great. Must sit on the grizzly mountain and mystic manor ride. Would definitely recommend to all. Grab a churro on the way!
Probably good if you are a kid and this is your first Disney trip but cannot compare this to the other Disney parks. Very small and lacks the true wow factor. Might have something to do with the government being a major shareholder. So ok but not the place of my dreams. Give ocean park a try instead
This was my first visit to a disney park,I heard this is the smallest and that was perfect to me! we got on all rides and shows finished of with the fantastic firework show,You MUST visit here when visiting HK.
Visited Disneyland HK on 24th December. It was very crowded but tickets were easy and quick to buy at counters there.There were helpful staff. A staff member even advised us on how to proceed visiting the park as it was our first visit there.I tried to do as many activities as I could in around 6hrs. But I guess you need more than one day to enjoy them all.  It's a small world ,   Iron Man experience  and  Hyperspace mountain  among others are activities I liked. Some activities had many people waiting in long queues. So much patience was required.I really enjoyed my visit there. Hope to visit it again in the future.
We went on monday so it was not that busy. Weather was great. Most rides unsuitable for our 3 yr old. The staff are mostly ok but we bumped into some really poorly trained ones with a lack of common sense.
Of course Disney Land is the best place for the young and the young at heart like us. If it's your first time in Hong Kong, do not forget to include this one on your itinerary most especially if you haven't been to any Disneyland before.The place can be easily accessed from any point at Hong Kong through MTR. Rides aren't that extreme after all this is a place for kids. But there were a few rides that pumped our adrenaline a bit. My personal favorites were the High Space Mountain, Grizzly Gulch, RC racer and the newest attraction; IronMan experience.We also enjoyed the parade and really had a great time taking pictures and strolling around. We bought a Mickey and a Minnie mouse headband for the pictures which is a bit expensive as well as the other merchandise and food so be prepared, But overall, we had fun and indeed it is the happiest place on Earth.
You can ultimately enjoy HK Disneyland in 1 day! Providing you come really early to avoid long lines in popular rides.Try these rides first: Space Mountain, Grizzly, and Adventures of Pooh. I know Adventures of Pooh sounds like a ride for kids only, but the lights and effects are pretty neat and magical! A soft ride, but the effects are really eye candy! Some restaurants were not opened when we visited. Better check out Hong kong Disneyland's website to see which restaurants are not opened and the schedule of shows for the day you will visit. The schedule will be available a week before your visit date.HK Disneyland's meals are pretty expensive. Ranging from HKD 99 to 200. I recommend getting a meal voucher on klook.com for a sweet deal. We used our meal voucher on an expensive meal and saved around PHP 200 .Churros and grilled squid are great! Ice Cream bars are okay. They taste normal. Popcorn was very sweet.The Parades are a must see! To get a better location, find a spot and stay there an hour before parade starts. :DFor those suffering from vertigo, Space mountain might be a little too much. But if you really want to try it out, avoid having a full stomach. You will get dizzy because the ride is poorly lit. I got dizzy and was on the verge of puking, so I avoided any rough rides for an hour or 2. You can go for the slow rides like the adventure of pooh and it's a small world. Eat something. You're ready for the next rough ride.
It's definitely a must visit once in your life....this one is definitely not a large one....maybe one of the smaller ones but then that doesn't take away much. It has almost all the makings of a perfectly fun day for kids and if kids are happy then so wil the parents be. In my case, I was happy that the daughter was quite happy and excited but what was even more surprising in retrospect was that my wife remembered it very fondly and maybe even enjoyed it even more than my daughter, and hence the title.The rides are all included in the price, and there are quite a few of them all good for the kids for sure and very few that adults may have fun too! It is advisable that you carry your own food as it's expensive inside the park. Also, carry umbrellas and be ready for a long and tiring day as it's quite expansive. There's the option of priority pass that you can choose on select slides which is really good and must be explored.
Pros:    Easily accessible via MTR    Plenty of rides to choose from kids to kids at heart    Helpful guides  Cons:    Expensive Disney merchandise
I have been to several cities in the world, but in terms of a public transport system the MTR takes the cake. It is cheap, super efficient and the best way to get around HongKong!!
We took two day ticket from klook   and let me tell you it's never enough.. We went during Halloween   time so everything was decked up Halloween style Day 1 was a bit hectic with the late check in and long flight yet we managed to squeeze in few attraction leaving plays and parade for the next day. All the attractions were so much fun the kids loved it and then coming to parades disneyland night time   Halloween theme villan nights out   parade was simply magical!   We managed to catch up with festival of the lion king show which was   spectacular. We were not so lucky with meet and greet disney characters.. We did manage to get few snaps of various disney   characters   but missed quite a few tooo... The disneyland park did serve halal food so dining was pleasant experience. We booked our ticket through klook which included a voucher food voucher   so incase you are looking for halal restaurant you can visit Hk disneyland website for further detail on designated halal eatery anyway we ended our disney journey with a magical extravagant show of fireworks its was a perfect end to our magical journey Overall.. DISNEYLAND lived up to its tag line **where dream comes true *happiest place on earth**
Visited with the whole family and it was great to feel young again.  Lines were manageable. We all enjoyed Tomorrowland, the most, just because of Star Wars.
As there are only 3 Disneylands in the world from Disney, 'US, Paris and Hong Kong', we found ourselves quite privileged to visit this amazing amusement park which is basically for all age groups.Visited as a couple with full enthusiasm and energy, we did managed to explore entire Disneyland in one day. So always put your sports shoes on for Disneyland as you have to walk a lot but in a fruitful way. Highly recommended!!!!!!
by no means cheap, but great entertainment for the young and young at heart. Do not bother to eat the crappy fast food in the park it is dismal, but the hotel food was very good. Will go again
Been to almost all Disneyland Parks in the world so expecting almost the same experience as the other parks. HK Disneyland has an Asian feel to it though. We waited for the Disney character parade and the fireworks at night.. didnt disappoint.
Perfect family day out. For thrill seekers this is not the park for you as the more adventurous rides are still quite tame. It's not a huge park, which makes it easy to navigate. The shows and parades are everything you expect of Disney and check you map for the locations of characters for the memorable photograph.Food here is typically overpriced and catered to local tastes.
Great for the whole family. Easy to get around. A variety of places to eat for any budget. The disney parade was a great highlight that was missing from the L.A. disneyland. The disney characters are out all day for lots of photo opportunities.
Having been to Disneyland in California and Disney World in Florida, this place is too small that you wouldn't need a day to see everything. The day and night parades were too short that watching them became a waste of time. Unless this is the first Disneyland that you will visit, going here would be futile.
Decided to take a trip to Hong Kong before Chinese New Year and took the kids to HK Disney. Kind of odd because we live about 10 minutes away from the original Disney in Anaheim. First impression, it felt like Disneyland. The decorations, layout, feel and employees all made it feel like Disney. The main difference was the crowd. We arrived early so didn't have to fight as much of a crowd. We took the boys on a few rides early, and was even able to get on the new Iron Man ride with minimal wait. It felt like there were more rides suited for young kids and less extreme rides, but since we went with younger kids, it was fun. We watched a few shows and felt that the shows were actually better in HK Disney than the Anaheim one. The performance wasn't necessarily better, but the overall compilation was better. Seeing that the tickets were cheaper than the US Disney and they had more food selections, the overall experience was not disappointing. Although, I did have to tell some guy off for not being able to stand in line correctly, and the best part was his lame excuse. But that didn't ruin our family time.
Well, it's Disney land ! Great place with lots and lots of activities for kids and adults.  But take care of your belongings, theft is quite common. I really doubt if there's any security monitoring like CCTV ,etc.   So please be careful with your belongings!!
As an expat   I have visited HK Disneyland three times over the years since it opened and continue to enjoy it, even now my kids are mid to late teens we all like a day there   but as with all Disney theme parks   they are busy and you seem to spend most of the time in long waiting lines   the rides are clean, fun and well managed   food halls are ok, nothing special, but do the job   for a family staying in Kowloon (as the Disney hotels are expensive and always booked) then its cheap to get a taxi to the park   if just one or two people, then take the express train there   entry tickets are not cheap, as none of the large amusement parts are, but still a must to do   get a nice HK Disneyland t shirt or cup.
Every time we went to Hongkong, we always visit this place at least for 2 days! Hahaha It's kinda small compare to Tokyo and Shanghai but! I would recommend for the first time people visit Disney, this place is perfect for you... because wait time is not crazy, so at least on one day you can ride everything's at least once.My last visit, they open new area for iron man!! And we got lucky they open for public on the day so we can try to ride! The iron man ride was awesome!!Lilbit tips for you... you should try the Mickey magic show ( you should try to go at least 45 30mnt before the show since the show is soo famous! And it's child friendly and awesome show) space mountain and iron man show.I would miss this place and will definitely back again!
No queue at all during October. It was hot because of storm few days before. A lot lovely memory from Disneyland. If you want to take pic with Mickey better to queue earlier.The afternoon parade, it will start before the castle and go to the first gate Which has train on top and done. But for evening parade, it will be start from the other direction, from train to castle.Its exhausting day but really fun
We have planed to visit Hong Kong primary to visit the Disneyland. The price was acceptable as we booked online and this offered us to pass the long ticket lanes. The kids enjoyed the park a lot as well as we. The staffs were very friendly and helpful. The was crowded in some games but we have chosen to play the games with waiting of less than 30 minutes. We were not able to see the whole parts of the park. Must be visited.
We arrived shortly after the opening and the first thing we did when we entered the park was fall in line for a picture with Mickey and Minnie of course! We went there on a weekday so it was not that crowded but the waiting time went as high as 40min. For a picture with Mickey and Minnie we had to wait in line for ~40min. The popular rides also had 30 40min waiting time. One day won't be enough so I recommend getting the 2 day ticket.
So, it is a very small Disney and people tell you that it can be accomplished in 4 5 hours. That could be true if you did not have to spend an hours in line for Dumbo ride, or to take pictures with the characters. I think if you get there first thing in the morning, before the gates open, it would probably allow you to do more. After 1PM, there is a long line for everything during weekends, or Chinese New Year. We got there at noon, and by then, the crowds were there. Also, despite how amazingly orderly everything in Hong Kong can be, one thing that the locals (and maybe mainland China visitors) are chaotic about is cutting in lines and just generally shoving their way around. It can get quite annoying. Many people spend a lot of time in the shops, it seems. What a great business to charge a huge entrance fee and then make the easiest place be the shops, where you spend even more. The Fireworks are really nice as advertised. Take the MTR to and from, but be prepared for huge crowds and being sandwiched in the train. It is like taking the public transportation after a sports even lets out.
We arrived an hour before opening and were one of the first ones in the gate. We went on most rides straight away without any waiting. By midday most rides had in between 20 to 50 minute wait times. I think it was also in our favour that we went on a Thursday and not the weekend. This is a small Disneyland compared to the ones in the U.S and would be perfect to take young children. We walked the park 3 times around and went on most rides as well as having lunch and we left at 4pm. Getting to Disneyland was very easy by the mtr. We caught the train from Jordan to Lai king, Lai king to sunny bay then the Disneyland train.
Try to go to Disneyland on Week Day. I go on Monday, January 24, 2017...almost CNY. How to get there : take MTR to Sunny Bay then continue to Disneyland Resort, and buy Disneyland ticket without long queue. Price : 589 HKD, and can enjoy some of attraction without long queue. Disneyland HK very clean, not too big but very nice. Most decoration is CNY decoration..very nice :)...since i came almost CNYNo worries, they provide refill water...no need to buy water if you thirsty. Provide place to sit and enjoy the view when we feel tired.will be back again (on the weekdays) next time.
Fun attractions and for the young at heart. Mickey mouse train theme was a nice touch. Special train station for Disneyland goers
Went to HK Disneyland to re live the childhood memories of my Parents.. it's my Dad's 65th bday and we celebrated it in Disneyland! What a very memorable event for my pArents... they were like kids again.. especially seeing the Parade of Lights and the Fireworks!! T'was a nice experience! hehe wanna visit again with friends to enjoy all the rides! :)
We actually stayed at the Disneyland hotel the 3 days we went into the park. they have a good transportation system to the park, the only downside is that it's a long walk to the entrance. I would suggest that they have additional transportation from the transportation hub to the gates, even if they charge. After all, there is nothing free at Disney.The staff greeting you are very friendly and courteous, despite the fact that they have to deal with unruly mainlander crowds.Surprisingly, almost all the staff had pin lanyards to trade pins with, which mainlanders don't know about yet, so bring pins to trade. I was told by a friend that it is only because it was CNY and they had to all show the pins due to higher ranking bosses making sure that they looked good during this Festive season.The parades are well organized and professional. access to characters can test your patience, as some. lineups, specially for Mickey and Minnie were running a couple of hours long. Best to check for times with their staff and get there early.The restaurants were many but be prepared to pay lots for little food as the norm at Disney parks.The stores were full of merchandise and no shortage of buyers.Their Ironman experience was new, but just a conversion of the Star Wars experience at other parks.They are opening a 3rd hotel, so no doubt the park will get much busier. A note if you are going around CNY, go on the first day of CNY. no crowds at all
One of the best attractions in hong kong. Best ride is the mystic manor so make sure you don't miss it. Loved the lion king show. Food is expensive so it is better to bring packed food with you. Both the parades were great and the fireworks display was splendid. Must see in hong kong.
I just love the place ! It is a small place compare to the one in Japan or US but that what I love about it. This place tough suitable mostly for kids anyway adults can also enjoy some excitments. I love the theathers, parks, small ridings as well as water cruising. Tarzan tree house is good, it provide views from the top over the rivers and parks. Grizzly mine was exciting and thrill (at least for me). Your kids probably will LOOOVE the toy story sections. Simba theather performance is truly not too miss. Overall, I enjoy my moments here, excitement without being overly exhousted :)
December 2006: From the train to the hotel to the Disneyland itself... everything really boils down to one word   HAPPINESS!With all the attractions, the Disney characters, the ambience, the smile among the kids and the kids at heart, the fireworks...Indeed DISNEYLAND is the HAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH!!!
Love the shops there, massive selection of merchandise that even I couldn't resist. Can do with more attractions. Stay for the night parade and then the fireworks.
I've never been in any Disneyland or Disney world so that i took the change while I was in hongkong. Actually the theme park is very small and for the best attractions you need to queue up at least 1 or 1,5 hours despite after 3 hours we where done! I would not recommend to go there for Chinese New Years days asap it is massive over crowed of Chinese mainland tourists : ) in my opinion nice for kids but not worth to see!
We enjoyed every ride of this park. But a little bit crowded. Also some of the gift shops are expensive.
Im a big fan of Disney.As with any theme park, I would recommend going as early as possible to avoid the longer queues later in the day.I have been a couple of times and I still find it entertaining.My only issue with the Hong Kong Disneyland, if any, is the availability of the characters and a lack of certain movie merchandise.There are so many Disney movies, yet the number of character encounters are limited.Also, between my first and last visit, under 1 year apart, they don't seem to have restocked on Lion King merchandise.I guess these aren't major issues, as I've said, I love it and I intend to return.I recommend the photopass, at just under 500HKD you have every photo you have taken on your day at Disneyland in digital format, no need to choose which to print.
Greatest of all attraction in Hongkong! My daughter had fun! Definitely recommend to all ages. Best to watch parade of lights and Parade of Disney characters. It's nice to be a kid at heart again!
Hong Kong Disneyland is very attractive in terms of the rides. The  U Shaped  ride,  Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars  and Space Mountain are all brilliant!
We took two day pass. We reached the gates by 10 am and got in line to meet Donald Duck as Mickey Mouse line was longer. I had read in earlier reviews to not waste time since characters are available inside but Mickey and Minnie are only in Town Hall so I would recommend run and first get in line for their photo op.then get your fast track ticket and plan rest of your rides. It was my sons bday and most of crew wished him happy birthday. He was truly elated with this gesture. Not to miss is the Jedi training, lion king show and the wondrous book show. Best ride according to me is mystic manor and iron man ride. Parades were great ..the night parade better than day parade...the finale fireworks ...world class....truly happiest place on earth...
Totally beautiful especially the 7pm fireworks show, Staff were friendly and food was surprisingly not as expensive as I expected. However. I've been to the Disneyland at Anaheim,CA and the queue moved much faster than the one in Hongkong. I'll suggest a maximum allowed time for each group instead of allowing each visitor to take their own sweet time to take as many pics as they wanted. I would like to praise the photographers who did an awesome job to catch the kids and babies attention during the photoshoot.
The most amazing experience in Hong Kong is this place which is a must visit for all ages. The afternoon parade, night parade and fireworks are highlights og the place. Lion king show is also very good.All the rides are quite good.
Nice buildings in disney style. Only a few disney figures. We only saw Mickey, Miney, Pluto and some of the princesses like cinderella and one other. I expected more from the Disney stories like the family duck, goody, newer stories. Toys r us etc.Some attractions where you have to wait a long time before you can go in. Everywhere you are overloaded with souvenir stores. There where too many in my opinion. No buildings from the movies.Try to go in a better season. There was a lot of maintanance.The park was clean. And
Try to go early if you intend to snap some photo with Disney characters. And you can have plenty of time to take all the ride.
This is a must visit place. Really good attraction for both adults, teens and kids. Very relaxing and fun filled place. There was not that much rush during our visit in December.
This is a great version of the Disneyland park concept.  The rides are great with a few little twists (hyper space mountain) to make a few rides unique to Hong Kong Disney.  The Iron Man Experience was really fun.  The staff are very friendly and...More
We enjoyed Disneyland Hong Kong. It is a fairly small park, but easy to navigate through in just a day, no need for multiple days. T it is easy to get to using the MRT. Disney line is clearly marked in all the stations (the pink line), and the train is very Disney oriented. It had memorabilia and Mickey hand holds   lots of fun for the kids to see. The rides were fun. Fast passes are only available for three rides: Marvel Experience, Hyperspace Tours, and The Winnie the Pooh ride. If you don't like  Asian inspired American Food , bring your own lunch. The Lion King show was awesome, but the crowd management is awful   only reason I'm giving this four stars instead of five. They line you up to put you in groups, then it is a mad dash to grab a seat. Felt like Walmart on Black Friday. Get there early to be in the front to avoid the pushing and shoving. It needs to be more organized, but again, the show was great. Lines weren't too bad, and we went on Chinese New Year. They do a good job of letting you know what's happening around the park. Most employers speak English enough to help if needed. Prices for souvenirs and merchandise is comparable to US parks. They will let you pay with either USD or HKD, your receipt shows you both prices. Just be aware they are offering a lower conversion fee ( .4% I think). They do offer many  freebies  and deals with purchase that seemed to be a good deal. Overall, we really enjoyed our experience at Disneyland Hong Kong.
One day here should be enough to get to see what you would like to see.Entry is about 70 Euros. You can take the MRT   about 6 stops from HK station.Get your Fast Track Passes as soon as you enter. Seems you cant take cans of drinks inside, but we seem to have been ok with plastic bottles.Download the app before you go   that was a huge help, as you can navigate around the park and the best feature was that you could see how long the actual wait time is for the individual rides.Avoid the hot dogs   probably the worst in Hong Kong, possibly in the whole of South East Asia. Drinks are pricey: a bottle of Coke will set you back about 4.50    .Some of the toilets were in a filthy state.
So much fun   it's Disneyland, just a smaller version. If you've never been to any other Disneyland park you will likely be in awe and amazement of all the fun and wonder... But if you have been to another Disneyland park before, you won't love it as much. Don't get me wrong   it's awesome...but it's a lot smaller than most other Disneyland parks. The scenery is beautiful (there's mountainous hills behind the park which offer a really nice backdrop), and it does have some of the standard Disneyland rides (Space Mountain, the Tea Cups, It's A Small World). But it's not really a full day thing, especially if you're an adult. Having said that   it's still Disneyland! :)
Going to Disneyland is easy for us, it will just depend on your arrangement with the hotel or inn your staying. For us we got the whole bus rented ,just for us ,going to Disneyland and it so much fun! We started the fun at 1030, be sure to get your ticket online, or purchased it already because queue is Super Long, for us as I stated earlier everything is arranged by the hotel, so everything is provided except for the ride home, it is either take the train or bus. It was really fun that we have tried all of the rides and attractions on this place, and be sure to take the map with you, actually we don't know their two versions of the map, we actually have the Chinese one, so all day we are actually reading the Chinese version, ( we know a little bit of Chinese but can't understand some) that's why try to find the English version which is provided in front after you enter the place. Their are food stores inside a bit pricey but I think if your hungry their nothing much you can do. At the end of the day is a fireworks and parade of the stars, try to go to the center for a better look for the fireworks and near to castle for the parade.they will start 7 pm for the parade then 8 pm for the fireworks. If I'm not mistaken some of the rides and attractions will already close around 5 or 6 for them to prepare for the parade. So have fun!!!It was a lovely day for both of us! And surely be back!
This theme park is comparably small with other countries'. But there were not a lot tourists, so didn't wait for too long for each game.
We have a years pass and go all the time. Lots of fun, great for little kids and there are some adult rides too...but I like the kids ones, they are all creative and interactive.
So good to experience HK Disneyland! Having been to Disneyland in USA we were a bit unsure but we had a great time. The afternoon and night parades are fantastic   well worth getting a spot by main street about 30mins prior to the start time. The only criticism is the food. It is terrible. Nothing health at all but with no competition around, I guess they can do what they want. Take food if you can; we stayed at the Hollywood Disney Hotel so had no choice (and there food there is not any better and way overpriced).
As a long time lover of Disney, I knew I had to visit Disneyland when I started planning my trip to Hong Kong. I've only been to the two in the US, so this was a very different experience but definitely one that I would highly recommend for anyone who enjoys exploring Disney parks. I thought the admission price was reasonable despite the park being so small, at least compared to the prices in the US. My husband and I visited on a Tuesday and the park was completely empty, we didn't wait more than 5 minutes for any ride and on most of them we walked right on without a wait at all. That being said, I really wanted a picture with Mickey and Minnie (they were dressed for Halloween!) but the line was gigantic so I skipped it, it was the only place a ton of people seemed to be congregating. We arrived right as the park opened and a number of the rides and sections of the park were still closed off for another half hour or so which I thought was odd, but we took that time to walk around and figure out where everything was. Since we got through the rides we wanted to do so quickly we only stayed for about a half a day but that was perfect for us. I was sad to see that the facade of It's A Small World was under construction so it was covered in tarps, but at the same time I realize that Disney is always updating and freshening the rides up, so it is usually to be expected. The real struggle we faced was that the rides seemed to be built for smaller passengers, my husband is 6'4  and was barely squeezing into some of the cars, the most difficult ride of all was Space Mountain. They put him in, what they said, the seat with the most leg room and we still almost had to give up and get off because he couldn't squeeze his knees in. He did end up wiggling in at the last second but was extremely uncomfortable and had a scraped knee by the time we got off. Other than that detail, the rides were great! We especially enjoyed the ones that are exclusive to HK, such as Grizzly Gulch and Mystic Manor (this is almost the equivalent of the Haunted Mansion). Since we visited during Halloween time there was a haunted house type of attraction but we were a little puzzled as to what was going on. There were live actors but no one was speaking English so we were just sort of following the crowd and trying to figure out the story line.. everyone who understood the actors seemed to be really scared though! All in all it was a great experience, definitely a must do for the Disney lovers out there. If you can, try to go early to mid week and get there for the park opening, you'll easily have a good view of the ribbon cutting which is fun to watch and it gets a little more crowded as the day goes on.
My 6 year old daughter and 8 year old niece had a blast exploring the park together. It was heaven for them seeing their favorite Disney characters, trying the rides, and being so happy and excited just by being there. Since she is 115cm, my daughter got to try the Grizzly mulch runaway mine cars, which is the highlight of the trip for her    the ride is super exciting and made her feel like a  big girl . She was also amazed by the Lion King performance and has become emotional about the play. Like I said, just being there gives you that happy and excited energy. The park is relatively small and is very good for groups with small kids, maybe a bigger park would be overwhelming kids her age. it was a long day but I dont think we were ever tired. We came there on a Monday and it was not so crowded and the lines and waiting times are not that long, we never even had to use a fast pass. Oh, you have to try it!!!!
For me it is the highlight of Hong Kong!! Nice place to be! staff or the dancers you will never see them not smiling! they are happy as you are you can fell that they also love their job!. how I wish I can stay in this place forever!.Lion king Team is the BESSSST!! kudos to the team
Though overly crowded and almost no options for vegetarians, Hong Kong Disneyland takes your breath away the moment you step on the metro designed specifically for Disneyland visitors.. The rides designed carefully for all the ages (though adults would find it less adventurous) would surprise you all the time, to cover the whole disneyland you need at least two days of you are going on weekends.. You need to stand in long queues and wait for your turn to get onto the rides, star wars rides and toy Story rides are unique and fun.. Must try ones.. Don't miss out on the movie.. In all the best experience and a must go place when in hk.. You can never be too old for Disney.. Everyone in the family wild enjoy this experience and you will not see a single person frown or sad here..
This is the smallest Disneyland we visited, but we enjoyed every moment there. There's minimal wait , longest was Dumbo  50 min. Other than that we got on all the rides in a day. Don't get me wrong, although you can get on all the rides in a day, you can easily spend 2 days there to fully enjoy the park. Crew members are friendly, and we love to collect the stickers they hand out. Food is awesome, reasonable price too.We took MTR from Kowloon, and the Disney line train is very pleasant to ride. Yes, we will definitely go back next time we are back to Hong Kong
First ever trip to Disney. Glad we chose hk! Did it all in two days and was perfect for my three and nine year olds. Beautiful surrounding views. Not too busy, small queues early Jan. Got a great rate online, good value for money. Merchandise and cafes not as overpriced as we'd anticipated. Awesome!
We are an older couple but we thoroughly enjoyed Disneyland. It is smaller and does not have as many rides but it is not so busy either. We had very short (about 5 minutes) wait to get on rides. We arrived as it opened and the Disney characters are on the Main Street to see. Lots of shops to look in and some good shows to watch. The parade was very entertaining.
Disneyland is indeed the happiest place on Earth. It is located at Lantau Island, Outlying Islands. Disneyland is truly The Happiest Place on Earth. It is where our childhood princes, princesses and other fairy tale creatures come to life.
We have been before.... so 5 STARS... we are returning. We stay at the hotel at the airport so there is shuttle to take us to the park. We have also taken the subway to the park. Both very easy. Go early   not as many people. We had to leave mid afternoon and many people still coming in. Right now January 2017 they are refurbishing Small World. Went on the new Iron Man ride twice! Be sure to get fast past tickets to the bigger events. They don't have a Haunted House but Mystic Mansion and it is different and fun. Went twice! This is not as big as the parks in the USA but still a fun day out.
Disneyland was never going to be my cup of tea. I got a good deal on tickets from Klook, which lessened the pain somewhat. But it is still prohibitively expensive, especially when you add in transport and overpriced food and souvenirs. Even on a relatively quiet mid week day it was crowded and most of the rides had 10 30 minute waits. The kids maintained their enthusiasm reasonably well and perhaps there is benefit in teaching patience. We stayed for the best part of a day but only saw about a third of the park. If you are a Disney enthusiast, I would suggest two full days, especially if you are there during a busy time. In the interests of balance, I asked the kids for a different perspective. This is how it looked to the people that really matter :From my four year old son: My favourite part was hugging Mickey and Minnie and the Ding Dong train (Hong Kong Disneyland Railroad). My next favourite was the Dumbo the Flying Elephant ride and the horsey ride (Cinderella Carousel). I even liked the new train that took us there (Disneyland MTR line). The dog one (Slinky Dog Spin ride in Toy Story land) was very scary. Eight year old daughter had a similar perspective: The visit to Disneyland was special for me because there is no Disneyland in Sydney where I live. I have never been to any Disneyland except this one in Hong Kong. I liked the Dumbo merry go round because you can steer it up and down. I also liked the Cinderella horse merry go round. I got on a big white horse that looked angry and fast. Then we watched the Disney characters go in a parade. The only thing I disliked was having to wait in line.
One of the best place in Hong Kong to spend a day however if you have been to other Disneyland you might find this one very compact but definitely worth visiting however I come from India and I have not seen other Disney so it was great experience for me and my mother. If you are Asia and have not been to other Disneyland I am sure you will love it.Ticketing: Cost of tickets on Disney Land counter is for HK$589, if you buy it from any 7 11 it would cost you the same, I went to ticketing counter to see if they have got any promotional offer but there was not anything offer, you I installed  KLOOK  application and bought tickets for HK$497.Food: Food inside is dam expensive, half corn HK$100, Piece of Chicken HK$100 and if you are thinking of having meal it will cost you about HK$168 300 depend where and what you eat. I would advise you to buy the food coupon from Main Entrance Ticket Booth which cost HK$238 includes (Lunch   Dinner   Snacks) but there will be long queue so it is best to buy it from    KLOOK    for HK$80 for a decent size meal.Tips: There are many sites where it is stated they do not allow you to carry selfie stick so I did not carry it however its allowed carrying selfie stick everywhere except shows, also they allow you to carry water, biscuits, snacks inside but not meal so it makes sense to carry something specially if you are on a budget. You need to reach for all shows minimum 30 minutes prior to show time to be able to get seat, we ended up missing Mickey show because it was houseful.Park and show timings: Park Hours 10:00 AM to 8:00 PMDisney Paint the Night Parade 6:45 PMAfternoon of Fantasy Parade 3:00 PMFireworks Main Street: 7:45 PMLion King Show: 12:00 PM, 2:00 PM, 4:30 PM, 6:00 PMJedi Training: Trials of the Temple Tomorrow land 11:30 AM, 12:45 PM, 2:00 PM, 3:30 PM, 4:45 PM, 6:00 PM, 7:30 PM (You can skip this one, its more for toddlers) Mickey and the Wondrous Book 11:15 AM, 12:30 PM, 2:00 PM, 4:30 PM, 6:00 PM, 7:15 PM
This being one of the smallest Disney resorts, it was definitely well managed and pricey. Though it was chilly we had the best weather that day and the place looked magical :) The ticketing and the entrance was hassle free and faster than expected. We didn't like much of the foods available at the resort as it was really bland and tasteless. There was a lot of activities to choose from and thought the rides were short it was ok as the wait for the rides were not long either. We got to see the Flights of Fantasy from the front row and it was pretty cool. Recommend waiting for the night light show. Definitely worth a visit if you are in HK :)
Of all the Disneylands this may not be one of the best because it is not big, but it is definitely one of the best managed Disneyland. This is even better than the the newly opened Disneyland in Shanghai which is not even close to the ratings! Be prepared to spend the whole day or two there as it is fun to be in Disney. Fully accessible to public or private transportation.
Easily the most expensive place to spend money, not great value. Roughly   60 per person for one day pass. Many attractions were closed or closed early in the day meaning little return on your money. Fireworks at 8pm and it's everybody out by 8 15pm! We made a mistake coming here for the day; I hear Ocean Park is better value. This is just another Disney Park with little other than the words 'Hong Kong' making different to any other Disney Park. If you're travelling from Europe or USA and have been to another Disney Park already then give this one a miss; if you really want to go, only allow 5 hours   thats enough.
Plus:   Millions of attraction offered  Good for children  Friendly staffs  CleanMinus:  Expensive  Lack of signage  Scheduled photo sessions can ruin your plan in the park  Long queue on many attractions makes your time spent uselessly   Requires 2 days to get all amusements
I never go to disneyland and i knew that this is the smallest one in the world. I took the opportunity to go there during my hk trip. We bought ticket via klook online which save us time from queuing up. Food are not allowed so we have to prepare some money to buy food. Expect 30 60 min time to queue up for each game. We went there at 12 pm to avoid the crowd. Its convenient to travel with mtr interchange. We reach there from tst in 40 min.We did enjoy our time there manage to squeeze among the crowd to go back hotel with mtr after the parade and firework.
We enjoyed the experience of Disneyland Hong Kong but found it catered more to our 5 year old more than our teenagers. It seems to be more suited for younger children rather than EuroDisney which we found better for older kids and adults. Definitely worth checking out if you have a day to spare and haven't been to Disneyland before. Fireworks when the park closes were lovely but packed and I'd suggest if you want to buy things from the stores to do it earlier in the day as it's crowded and crazy at the end!
Definitely worth a visit and is easily accessible via the MTR. If you have visited any of the other Disney parks then you will probably find this one a little small. When we visited in January the park was nice and quiet. Most of the queue times were around 15 mins.
This is the third Disneyland I've been to and overall the experience is pretty much the same. This site is smaller and therefore not as many rides so the queues are longer. Also, being in Hong Kong expect to have people trying to not obey queue rules, like lining up. You just have to tell them that there is a line for a reason and they back off. This culture simply doesn't understand waiting your turn.There are small differences, like the food has a slight Asian tint but that is ok we enjoyed that. We skipped the shows and did all the rides and managed to get through everything in a day, but we could have spent another day easily.Getting there is simple on the MTR.
Everything is magical, as always! From the Disneyland train at Sunny Bay to its bathrooms! I am so in love with the Hyperspace Mountain ride! I can live there!
We went in Hong Kong Disneyland last December 2016 and all I can say is ... We really had fun! We took pictures with Mickey Mouse, Mini Mouse, Goofy and Donald Duck. We rode some amusements and my fave was the  Hair Raiser  My kids loves it and we are planning to come over again this year for holidays.
We spent a whole day here and we still never seen or done every thing as there is so much to do. Our daughter loved meeting all the characters going on rides and visiting the shows. An experience we will never forget and hope to return
Reaching : easy connected via metro  Place : Good for kids only, will be upset if you seen US  Cost : very costly for the time you spend
First the good, you only need one day in this park. In one full day you can do everything in the park. The superb MTR underground railway, is a great and eay way yo get to the doorstep of the park. The staff seems to try hard to make it a real Disney Park. Now the bad, it is small the whole park is less than the smallest area in the Florida park. Most of the rides and things from the US parks will not be here. Look for 1 or 2 rides per area. The food is not like normal Disney food, more like poor quality street food. The items available in the stops is limited and double what the cost was in America the last time I was at the park. It is Hong Kong with lots of tourist so long lines. The bottom line if you are here living in Asia it is a choice, but don't travel thousands of miles to visit this park it is just not worth it.
It's one of those places where your childhood cartoon characters comes live. Super fun   the rides, riddles, Disney live characters, souvenirs shops. Most imp   don't miss the Disney parade in night followed by fireworks. Click as many pictures you want and save it as memories. My kid thoroughly loved it. Planning to visit again soon. Highly recommendable!!
Lots of fun but a good deal of the day is spent in lines, lines for the rides, lines for the shows even lines for the souvenirs, there are a reasonable number of attractions but it's not as big as some of the American parks. Our brochure said allow around 3 and a half hours, we were there for six and probably missed about 30% of the park due to the waiting around and that was on a Wednesday & not during the holidays, while I'm happy we went I wouldn't go again.
i always thought this is a half day venture for me and my wife since we are not fans. In the end, we spend the whole day there and only go back after watching the spectacular fireworks. Staff are polite and helpful, and u can find food everywhere. If u are not much a heavy eater, u can actually but 1 sets of meal that can be shared by 2 person.
It was in June when I visited with my senior citizen parents. it was indeed very hot but we enjoyed the Lion King Show the most among other shows and the magnificent fireworks at night. Well, its not really for elders because they have the queue up for a very long time to watch the musical show. I wish they have a special lane for elders.
We have also been to Paris Disneyland, but we found this one better and cheaper than Paris Disneyland. You may find some difficulty in language because the Staff are not smiling and English Language Friendly.
Ok. So the smallest Disney park. Yes. Some  attractions  are just statues. However tickets are cheap (full price were about $60 Australian. Bargain!) and some of the rides are unique to this park and awesome. Phantom Mannor (a updated and less  horror driven  version of the haunted mansion), Grizzly Gulch and Iron Man are all unique and very well done. Space Mountain is excellent here and has a great Star Wars theme applied. Very quiet when we visited, it might be less enjoyable if very busy but overal worth the few hours time to experience a genuine Disney quality attraction for a lower cost than in the US or Europe
It was tiring as there are lots of attractions and rides to conquer but it was fun! We've most enjoyed the Disney Paint the Night parade. Stay at the until 8pm so you can enjoy the parade too!
Being a big Disney lover, I absolutely loved the theme park! Compared to the others I've been to (Florida and Paris) it's not quite in the same league, but it's still worth a visit if you like rides and the whole Disney experience... The lines for the rides weren't too long, but then we were there during term time and in the week! The food in the park varied and probably there was something for everyone !Will definitely go back in the future!
Spent 2 days doing Hong Kong Disneyland. It's a great park. Has plenty of rides for all ages & then with the parades & fireworks there is plenty to do. As we were doing 2 days in the park we actually bought a Silver annual pass (this is the same price as 2 single tickets). A silver pass only allows you to visit on weekdays (& even then there are a few other blackout days), but you also can use the pass to get discount of food, drink & merchandise in the park. So if you are planning on doing 2 days (that don't feature a blackout day) then you actually save a little bit of money.
disneyland place that I always missed, never bored visit here. I feel the children are happy to meet with his toys. This place recommendation to families
What a wonderful day! Well organised and a real treat. We were there on a Thursday in early January and the park felt reasonable quiet. Queues were minimal     no more than 10 mins for any ride. We walked around the park in an anti clockwise direction, which brought us to the area for the parade for 3pm. When finding a spot for the parade, you can get a better view if are not on an outside bend on a curve. The left luggage facility was very straightforward and could accommodate our huge cases. It is just to the left before the bag search areas which is just before the ticket desks. But bear in mind that it is still quite a walk from the transport drop off to the luggage office     so be prepared for the walk with your bags. Over all the day is expensive, but it is a unique experience.
My kids had a great time at the Hong Kong Disney!  They enjoyed the rides and the firework at night!  Time seemed to have gone by so fast when you had fun!
I love all things Disney. I have been to Disney World several times and Disneyland several times. I had a free day while I was in Hong Kong and I had to make a stop here.I absolutely loved it. Some items were nearly identical and somethings were completely different. However, it was just great.I liked that it was different and the same at the same time. I loved the Disney Magic that was still here. I had a small issue with the online ticket I bought but there Guest Relations took care of me no different than they have done in the United States.I also had a Cast Member tell me to have a Magical Day. Loved it! I would do this again in a heartbeat if I had a free day in Hong Kong again!!All Disney Fans should put this on their Bucket List.
Hong Kong Disneyland was the 4th Disney Park for me to visit, and like the others it just oozes joy. It might be a little smaller than the American Parks, but it is just as enjoyable. Unfortunately it didn't have some popular rides such as the Matterhorn and Star Tours, but they did have Hyperspace Mountain. They also have a different version of the Haunted Mansion, which is a good experience.The lights   fireworks display was something different to what I have experienced before, as images were projected onto the castle which I thought was a very nice touch.
Activity: Disney has expanded from my last visit. Of course the latest is iron man which is really awesome (has a  free  tour around HK) plus exhibition of good to be true technologies, which kids and teens will love. Expect long queues as usual so plan ahead. If you want to ride as many attractions as possible, be at the site before opening as large crowd usually comes around noon. Suggest to take iron man, hyperspace mountain, lion king, rc racer and runaway mine cars as these where usually the long lines are. Watching parades is a must so suggest to be at the main street prolly 30 mins before the parade starts coz they attract crowd. The ending (fireworks display) is really a must see. This is where you will feel that you are a disney kid. Food: there's limited variety of food and they are really pricey (everything in disney is pricey). Try korean squid . Ticket: got my discounted ticket from klook which is very convenient and efficient. I avoided a long queue for ticket and went directly to the main entrance.
A place where you can forget all problems and be a child again! The roller coaster rides may be a little on the mild side for adventure seekers. Visit during weekdays so that you don't queue for the attractions. Watch the 3D shows and the Festival of the Lion King!
It's not a huge place but have lots of fun to do with kids.. once kids are happy we are done.. don't miss the parade...
We had a brilliant day. Got there for opening and went on the two big rides (Hyperspace Mountain and Grisly Gulch) straight away. They were excellent rides for me and my teenage daughter.The ticket booths open at 9am and the gates to Main Street open at 9:30am. The park itself opens at 10am. It was pretty quiet until just after lunch when the place became packed.If you don't mind splitting up, go in the singles line. You can get on a ride almost immediately rather than waiting for a long time in the queue. HK Disneyland has the same magical feel as Anaheim but it is smaller and there are less things for teenagers to enjoy. It seems a place more suited to families with younger kids.
Great place to visit. Very clean and friendly staff. New iron man ride was fun As is the rest of the park. It was worth the money for the day. Bring some good walking shoes so you can see all of the park
Enjoyable couple of days in January Weather was comfortable Longest wait time for rides was around 30 minutes Street parades and fireworks worth watching, very entertaining Plenty of merchandise to buy Only downside, not all attractions open and some food carts and restaurants closedBut above all, a very enjoyable time for young and old
the Hong Kong Disneyland is really small compared to other Disneyland and with not too many attractions. I think there are far better amusement parks and we did not feel the real Disney spirit there as well. When being in Hong Kong there are better things to do....
My young daughter loves Hong Kong Disneyland so we went often. We've visited the park for 9 years continuously, and we were their loyal  Magic Access Card Members . But we   ve faced constant and repeated assault by other visitors, mainly from Mainland China. We   ve been punched, finger poked, hit by selfie sticks, pushed, stepped on, verbally abused etc. Each time the staff just watched, stood there motionless, and they took no actions. I've had 10 15 minute shouting arguments with people because they've either aggressively pushed me or my child, at times in  It's A Small World  and also  HyperSpace Mountain  where the arguments echoed loudly, but the staff do not help or call any security ! When I've complained to the staff (inside the  rides  or in their  City Hall ); they refused to collect the details of the attackers and they did not call the police. In fact; they've NEVER called the police when I asked for their help ! They would say to me  It's a nice day why don't you enjoy the park and rides ! . I   ve sent emails to Hong Kong Disneyland on their security in the park but wthout real satisfaction. To force the personal security issue; on Saturday 3 December 2016 I deliberately took some goods in plain sight from the park   s  Emporium Shop  and walked out slowly until I was caught. It took them 15 minutes to catch up with me. I fully cooperated with the security staff, and I told them my reasons for my actions. My reasons being to high light the lack of personal safety and security within the park, and the fact that all of the security are concentrated in the shops to protect Hong Kong Disney's merchandise. When they caught me I was about to walk back to the shop and return the goods. I had NO intention of keeping the goods. In their INTERROGATION ROOM it was a HORRIBLE  Disney  experience. Harsh, nasty, no empathy, no understanding, a situation I found threatening because I was surrounded by three large security men. There was more security than all of the years I   ve been going there. The attending woman security supervisor ( a  Miss A    a name that sounds like a  musical ) did not care about my reasons. She refused to contact any staff to validate my written complaints. I told her whom to contact and which department, and she refused ! She stated it was another department ! She was robotic and bloody minded ! Her words to me were insulting, and dismissive for the reasons of my actions. She stated to me that they had policies and procedures to follow. I replied that her staff did not follow any policies and procedures when I and my daughter were attacked. She was silent on this. She stated Hong Kong Disneyland will charge me for  theft  and the police will escort me to the Lantau Police Station. She stated that I should take my young daughter with me to the police station because I will be there for a long time. I told her that I could not do that because it will SCARE her. She kept. on saying that  I'm an adult and I should reflect on my actions . That goes both ways ! She lacked the humanity and common sense to understand the reasons for my actions, and she wanted my child to spend hours in a police sation with me ! I spent 12 hours in a police station; and I left at 3am in the morning. Economic loss to Hong Kong Disneyland is ZERO (the goods will be returned to them). Moneatary loss to me will be in the TENS OF THOUSANDS of dollars in lawyers fee's to avoid a conviction ! And all because I was concerned about personal security and safety in Hong Kong Disneyland ! It   s clear to me that Hong Kong Disneyland ONLY cares about protecting (and selling) its overpriced cheaply produced plastic goods. When I and my daughter were attacked NO security personnel ever arrived, but when anybody takes their goods without paying then there is an army of security. The fact that Hong Kong Disneyland wants to prosecute me for my actions shows the true nature and character of the company. Yes I REGRET my actions; I was wrong to think so highly of  Disney  that they would understand my actions and the reasons for it. So much for a  caring  company. My daughter cried for several hours because I was in a police station, and my wife was immensely worried by Hong Kong Disneyland's actions against me. I was told,  by that woman , that I will be banned from returning for a year. Return there after this PHYSCHOLOGICAL TRAUMATIC  Magical Experience  ? HONG KONG DISNEYLAND WILL HAVE TO KILL ME AND DRAG MY DEAD BODY INSIDE THE PARK TO EVER RETURN !
This is a 1 day theme park. Even though it is not as great as the theme parks in the US but it is still worth a visit and what makes it even better is the asian feel to it and friendly staff who speak great english. Moreover, the rides here are not identical to the other theme parks so there is something exciting to see in diseyland Hongkong.
We had a two day pass which I really recommend if you have never been to a Disney park, we had a wonderful first day meeting characters and touring the shops and eating the most amazing waffles ever. Day two a few days later we did the rides and had the time of our lives, we also stayed to watch the fireworks. Disney knows how to do it well from Mickey's wonderful book to the parade it was all so wonderful.
Although small in comparison to its American cousins, it does epitomise everything Disney. You won't find Mickey shaped pretzels but all the characters are there. Go in winter, you have shorter wait times and the weather is great. Just be aware that the park closes early with fireworks between 7.30 and 8.30 pm.
Disney land always makes you feel the younger version of yourself to see all the famous characters you had seen in fairy world and movies. Must visit for all ages and njoy the old nostalgic time. Its worth and good time spend.
A must see if you have children   it is the thing they most look forward to when visiting Hong Kong. We got here early on a week day and the queues were very short   as the afternoon wore on the place started to fill up   but nothing compared to the weekend.I usually get a two day pass which allows you to come early and leave early one day and then come later to catch the final parade and fireworks, however since my children are older now managed to stay the full day.Since I have last been there has been an Iron Man theme added as well as Space Mountain has been upgraded to Star Wars like visualsGetting your ticket from you Hotel definitely saves time too.Food okay and reasonably expensive but that is to be expected.Make sure you check out the Lion King Theatre presentation   it is outstanding and I swear the second time was better for me.Will be back as the kids always have a ball!
We caught the MTR for approx 40 hkd return, changed a few times but never waited more than a few minutes for a train.Park is fun, not many roaming characters but parade at 3 pm covered that. Reasonable queue for Mickey Mouse photos and merchandise expensive and food just ok. Rides are all there and cater for younger kids well. Transformers, toy story, space mountain all great without really long queues. Not really warm so dress warmer than other legs of the cruise
Personally, one full day is enough to cover the whole park (provided you dont have kids I suppose). Though I was abit disappointed with the size of the park, overall it is a fun experience. I recommend to stay until the evening for the parade and fireworks.For those who do not have the time to cover everything, i recommend:1) Festival of the lion king2) Big grizzly mountain mine cars3) Mystic Manor4) Space Mountain5) that new Iron man simulation ride (forgot the name haha)I also recommend visiting during weekdays to avoid crowd. Have fun!
It is a small park comparing to Paris one or a US one. The different is that everything is decorated is chinese style and the food is multiculture. The park itself is quite standard as other Disney parks with lots of people, noise but with lots of fun for kids as well
My second Disneyland visit with first in Tokyo. Very Disney's style with popular characters and shops and attractions. I didn't do any rides as I prefer doing lots of walking, enjoying the scenery, watching dad's and mom's being kids again.Not as big as Tokyo (my personal opinion) but the facilities never let you down. Cool weather and the Xmas feelings with Carols and Mickey and friends in Santa's..a wonderful experience.Don't let your age hold you back, once you enter the gate, you will transform into a 10,12 year old kids whom think nothing but having great time and fun..
An exciting place to be with 2 teenagers. My husband and I enjoyed being 'kids' again. Although we spent the whole day there but didn't get to go on all the rides as we did not have enough time! The shows are fabulous which should not be missed! We were disappointed that the second parade had to be cancelled due to the weather but were lucky enough fireworks for the finale was not. My only 3 negative comments about this place that some staff don't look happy (remember that is this should be the happiest place on earth), the queues to the show were not well organise (everybody was pressed up to each other and when the doors open there was a frantic rush) and announcements in English were so difficult to understand! Nevertheless, overall it was a wonderful family trip!
My wife and I made a quick 2 hour visit to the HK Disneyland. The rate for senior 65 and over is $100 HK or about $15 US which is a great price as compared to over $570 HK for a regular adult ticket. The park is considerably smaller than the ones in the U.S. with many the same attractions and layout. We did a quick train ride boarding at Main Street Station and briefly walk through Fantasy Land and Tomorrow Land. We did not try the rides in consideration of our ages. Overall, it was a nice visit but nothing special for us. It was easy to get to the park via MTR to Sunny Bay Station and change to the Disneyland Line (Pink Line).
No doubt not as great as the other disneylands in terms of thrill factor on the roller coaster rides, but the place was still done up really well with good crowd control. Food is very expensive though, so recommended to pack your own food. A day is enough to finish the entire theme park. Overall a very pleasant experience!
Disney is always great and this one surely doesn't disappoint. Go for the fun and entertaining atmosphere. The only subpar thing is the food... Why can't Disney improve this?????
My wife and I visited this park with our 21 month old daughter and had a great time. The lines were short (no more than 15 20 min) and the park was not crowded. We loved the character meet and greets because there was a short line so we were able to do many of them. We stayed for 2 days but could have done everything in 1 day.Only con is most of the park closes an hour before fireworks. For us, that meant the rides we planned to do were closed at 7 instead of 8. This was not communicated well to us but there were signs and warnings (that we did not see on the guide map).
this is a must see attraction. Mind blowing even if you are not taking kids.  Do not  miss the fireworks which happen post 6 pm that is the best part of the tour.
I felt sad that we went there without my children, i myself felt like a child again as soon a we enter, i cant seem to know where to start taking pictures bec every character, seen, ride is breathtaking, parade in the morning and in the evening was enchanting, i cant wait to bring my children when i go back hopefully soon
The parade and the fireworks is the most awaited higlight. There are limited attractions for adult, adventure land and the star wars ride. Star wars is a new attraction and its a high speed indoor roller coaster. You must try it and repeat it five times!!! The dining areas are not so spacious so if you will visit on a weekend, be ready. Tips: 1. Bring an umbrella if you hate the sun 2. Bring extra shirt coz it's really humid and hot 3. Buy an express ticket if you're visiting on a weekend or else be ready to wait for 2hrs for queue 4. Better visit ocean park if you're traveling as a couple. You will appreciate it though if you're still fond of Mickey and mini mouse!
I love theme park but this disneyland somehow didnt give me that kick. It is a typical disney park but this is a very small park. Do not compare to the one in us. And to me i still prefer disneysea in japan. It is more for the kids and those challenging enough for adults are probably only the toy story and the starwars hyper space mountain which is fun. Also the grizzly bear roller coaster has a twisted surprise which I didn't expect so it was a good experience. I don't get the chance to watch the shows, sad. Because i had to take dad back to the hotel and return again to disney. Anyway we almost tried all the ride in just one day. Oh and the mystic manor is also entertaining. The one which you rode on a boat through the river is also nice to try. Make sure to stay and watch the fireworks. The buzz lightyear is also nice esp for kids. And they have a new iron man, which similar to transformer ride in universal studio singapore, the kids will love this. Overall it is a good park of course but compare to other disney then it is just an average disney park
We had 2 young kids under 5 with us. Queues were long but moved relatively quickly considering the length of them! Staff were friendly & efficient. As the gates opened people sprinted for the most popular rides, I would say head (fast!) to the ride you MOST want to do as the queues got longer as the day progressed, the first 2 rides we did we didnt have to wait for than 3 minutes to get on but when we got to the more popular rides we waited 30  minutes. Food was relatively good, no long waits. The shows were a great way to get away from the swarming crowds & hot weather. We spent 2 days going through, which I would recommend due to the crowds & being able to get your moneys worth on the rides. Plenty for the younger kids to do see. If staying at the Disneyland hotel, be sure to be outside waiting for the complimentary bus early as the crowds for that were incredible!
I went in December 2016. I am in my 30s and I have never been to Disneyland. My expectations did not fail me. Sure it's not as big as the American park but I had so much fun there. The parades are a must. A good day out if you have time in Hong Kong.
Thought we'd come for the day as avid Disney fans, but this park is super small compared to the US versions. We'd done all the good rides after a few hours! Note   taxis don't take credit cards in HK for some strange reason and a lot of the shops  stalls inside the park don't either! Cash only!
What a spectacular !  And no real idea beforehand it would be so good.    As good as the London stage show   half an hours show made our Holiday!  Get there half hour before to queue and to get good seat in arena.
Disneyland is fun anytime you go. Its even better this time. They have now Iron man experience center and strak expo for iron man lovers. Micky's magic show is a must watch its a 3D show with water n wind being real. The train is again a must go as it gives a full round of the Disneyland. Only problem is food choice is very limited n is very very expensive. Remember to carry ur water bottle as its 6 times the price inside. Shopping is fun. N guys there is this locker service inside which is very safe n convenient just in case you have extra stuff. We had our transfers booked but we took the MTR(metro train) its was very fast n comfortable. Have fun guys be a child again!!!!
It is a wonderful theme park for every age ; every attraction is well located ;the guide map is very helpful ; even group members above 65 and even above 70 took rides and revisited their childhood .Don't miss afternoon and evening prades. Both have different themes and both are wonderful And fire work display at the closing is superb Oh what a feeling when as going out to exit of park we found tinny flakes of artificial snow falling on our body Beautiful ..........ohooooo
We went there on a Saturday and was half expecting some huge crowds but surprisingly it was manageable. The queues for the rides were within 30 mins and some are just 10 mins. Overall still a very magical place even for the adults.We stayed for the night light up parade and the kids enjoyed themselves. Baby care room was clean, neat and well equipped. I expressed milk there in the nursing room, warmed up the milk with the bottle warmer, used the high chair while I was warming the milk and fed my baby there too. Men are allowed in the baby care room, outside the nursing room. Got a little crowded when the dads, moms and some with grandmas when I was feeding my baby her milk. But still a very comfortable and pleasant place.Do download the app before you go to Disneyland, preferably in your own country. I downloaded mine before the trip and my hubby only did when he got there but had problems with downloading. The app is useful and tells you the waiting time of each ride on the map. As well as the show timings.
We went there for a day on a recent trip to HK and loved it. It's much smaller than the US versions but we loved it...went right after new years so the crowds and lines were easy to navigate and we got to see everything we wanted to see and more between 10:30 AM (opening) and about 4:30 PM and we had lunch too! Also got to see a sneak peek of the new Ironman Experience coming soon. Favorite rides....Hyperspace Mountain, Ironman, Toy Story RC Racer and Parachute Drop, Big Grizzly Mtn Runaway Mine Cars. I liked Mystic Manor but the rest of my family hated it. Oh Well...the food was great and overpriced as Disney likes to do. Enjoy the Train RIde around the park...great views.
One can live his her childhood again by coming here irrespective of age. Everyone must visit this place once in their lifetime. Having visited the Paris Disneyland as well,I can say this is bigger and better! One needs the entire day here to experience all the rides etc.The fireworks at night and the parade are mindblowing.
We were in a group of 3 adults and 3 children. The kids were aged 6, 6 & 10.Getting to the park thru MTR was a breeze.We went on a Wednesday (21st Dec) and was pleased to see manageable crowds at all attractions. It was raining by the time we reached the park. But that did not stop us from enjoying ourselves. Rides like the Big Grizzly Mountain (like Anaheim's Big Thunder Mountain Railroad) and Space Mountain were pluses. Toy Story Parachute Drop was an attraction that we did not see at Dineyland Anaheim and turned out to be thrilling too. All the rides were simply awesome and queues were not that long either. The fireworks were beautiful and it was rather a sad moment to leave the park as we could only manage one day there.The prices of Disney memorabillia was comparatively cheaper too.Overall it was a nice experience for both adults and children.
If you are a Disney person, write this place as  1 must seen in your travel itinerary and don't leave this magical place before you see the spectacular firework.. will come back for sure with my future kiddo
nice and windy since its location on the island. lots of fun rides and enjoy it. interactive and great
Splendid experience to HK Disneyland with 3 nights stay at Disney Hollywood Hotel that have awesome food
Great rides. One has to spend an entire day here. Can get a little tiring. The food was bad but one can carry their own. The place has amazing rides for kids and adults. The night parade is awesome. To get a pic clicked with a cartoon one might have to wait for over an hour in a que
Disneyland was great the magic is truely there when you walk in, we stayed at the hotel as well which made it even more magical, we didn't have to queue much for anything like rides or even to get in, the staff were friendly, the food fantastic, I recommend two days so the first day you don't take any photos and the second you do, just to give to chance to really explore what it has to offer, a good range of rides for all ages:)
a fantastic place for kids of all age . can easily spend a day or two if you are really into star wars , mickey and other cartoon characterslot to shop , they have some great shops which have some really good stuffed toys and souvenireateries also are not bad at alla must visit place
Hong Kong Disneyland is really amazing. It is compact enough to be enjoyed with little toddle packed with Disney magical atmosphere . Halal food available in the park. I highly recommend it.
Who can resist Disneyland, really? It just brings out the kid in you, you know. We went on a weekday, and everything was perfect. Not so many people, and with the app, we were able to ride see most of the good stuff without waiting so long. Only things I really wanted to ride see but missed were the Toy Soldier Parachute Drop (waiting time never dropped below 20mins) and Mickey and the Wondrous Book (we came on time, but they're not letting people in anymore).If you're going to make a priority list, I'd say put Runaway Mine Cars, Hyperspace Mountain, and Astro Blasters on Top. Don't miss Festival of the Lion King and the Paint the Night parade, too.Food is expensive as expected, but you can easily sneak in a bar or two. Buy a meal voucher from Klook or another agency to save some dough.Oh, and did I say download the official Disneyland Hong Kong app? Do it!
We went to Hong Kong Disneyland in Jan 2017. We loved it so much, although there are more rides for younger kids, and not much for the older ones. We still enjoyed our time. I did find restaurants to not have much variety for vegetarians, which I was really disappointed about. I would've loved a vegetarian burger, but settled for pasta. The fireworks at the end of the night were spectacular, and really ended our long day quite well. I really praise the cast and crew of The Lion King show   they did an amazing show and are exceptionally talented. I also really enjoyed the Tarzan boat ride around the tree house. Our boat guy was hilarious and made it enjoyable   I think his name was Lap or Lip. He did such a great job.
We have been to Euro Disney before. This is much smaller. The rides more or less the same. As it was near Christmas time, everything was in the Christmas spirit. Was a fun day out
Disneyland a fun place to stay, well kept, lots of activities and always a fun place to be with kids of all ages.
Magic place for families with kids to relax and unwind , commercial food and some good rides The lines are long so be patient , also look for some exciting Adult rides at the back of the theme park which have quicker lines as everyone gets stuck in the front of the theme park Hire a push car for kids ... hydrate and explore   a good taste of the real Disney World in Orlando Vivashal Singh Auckland NZ
My first time to any Disney park as i have been reserving my first disney experience at Disney World. Having a young kid can change your preference so i was left with no choice but to visit HongKong Disneyland and with the experience  im so glad we did! We visited on a Monday and we went early... surprisingly we did not have any issues with the queues. They were tolerable.
Compared to Tokyo Disneyland which I've been 8 times, this park in HK is lack lustre in terms of scale and more importantly, the feeling of warmth and happiness that it's supposed to bring to visitors.My 3 year old daughter eagerly queued and waited patiently for her turn to take picture with Elsa and Anna at one of the restaurants during lunch time. And she waited once again to speak with them when she realised that she forgot to ask them why they did not come to Singapore (a genuinely innocent question for a young child), during her turn to take photograph. She was only patronisingly acknowledged by the cast members and was ushered away without getting a reply from them. This disappointing response from Disney characters, who are known to be friendly and warm at all times, was actually rather appalling if you ask me. (P.s. The adults were not too impressed with their looks too, given that they were supposed to be pretty princesses.) My poor little girl kept asking me why they did not answer her and wore a sad look on her face for a while, until her next meeting with Donald and Daisy outside the Emporium at around 2pm.This time, she was turned down yet again when she offered M&M candies, which she just purchased from the shop, to them. This was easier to explain to her cos they were working and they did not have a real  mouth piece  to consume food.Overall, the experience at HK Disneyland can be improved if they really want to pride themselves as the happiest place on earth.
Good theme park for kids and adults of all ages. Plenty of rides to choose from.We stayed in Disney Hollywood Hotel which has a free shuttle bus to the Disneyland Park itself. We went after new year on weekday and the average waiting time are 20 30 minutes, probably the new Shanghai branch lured people out of HK branch, plus in Asia most schools started around the 3rd Jan. The hotel itself is designed in old theme Hollywood Jazz era of 40s 50s?Weird, the hotel does not have any room service so we had to go down to one of the restaurants. Given the location is a bit way out nowhere it wasn't easy to get out and about unless you took taxi, or the shuttle bus to MTR station, and another train ride into town.
Christmas Day at Disney was a first and wonderful experience. Not as big as other Disney parks I've been to, but still big enough with all the fun and excitement. Tarzan' adventure island and the professor adventures were thrilling. The parade was amazing and a great way to end the day.
All the fun you expect from Disney Land with less crowds if you pick your day well. We visited in December on a tuesday and the park was really fun. No real lines for rides. Great weather so we had so much fun. Go independantly, no need for special tickets. No fast track tickets available here.
We were here in early January after the public holidays so it wasn't crowded. Most rides were less than 20 mins wait. It's so small. It takes no times to walk from one end to the other. It was disappointed when the classic It's Small World was shut down for maintenance. Food is horrible here. Saw visitors packed their own lunch and now I understood why.
Lovely weather for a day out at Hong Kong Disney ( not a cloud in the sky for the fireworks) and not at all busy ,such that no need to use Fast pass on the few rides where it was in use   what a difference from Tokyo Disney ! Good selection of rides and also other attractions but everything easily covered and we did not arrive until lunchtime. Food also very good. I had an excellent lamb curry at Mystic Point . Also very easy access by MTR from Central and at a bargain price ( HK $ 54 return fare ) . Well worth a visit all considered .
It was my 6 yrs old daughter's dream to meet her favorite Disney stars. To be honest, my HK trip was Disneyland centric alone as places like Dubai have better tourist attractions than HK. We booked Disneyland tickets via Klook a month in advance and availed good discounts!Reaching Disneyland is so very easy... The HK Disneyland is located on the Lantau Island near the airport. You can either take a Disney Resort MTR Line, a taxi, a public bus or a coach. We stayed at Panda hotel and it took less than 45 min for us to reach there.If you are travelling by MTR, change for Disney Resort Line at Sunny Bay Station. This is a direct dedicated line to the Disneyland with a frequency of 4 10 minutes. Bus R33 (to Tuen Mun Railway Station) and R42 (to Tai Wai Railway Station) operate 20 minutes after the fireworks display. In Sundays and public holidays, Bus R33 and R42 run from Tuen Mun and Tai Wai to the Resort Public Transportation Interchange at 09:00, 09:20 and 09:45.The Disney Resort Line is a themed MTR train with Mickey Mouse shaped windows and comfortable sofas. This MTR brings you straight to the Disneyland station from where you can walk up to the entrance counters. The queue starts almost 1 hour before park opening. Your vouchers are converted to regular tickets only through the entrance. Being a small park it can be seen back to front in nearly 5 hours. Wear comfortable shoes as you have to walk a lot and stand in long queues at times. As someone suggested here already, consider going deep into the park to Adventureland or Tomorrowland and then work your way back     you   ll skip the crowds and queues will be shorter. I had clearly read here that visitors head straight to the character meet and greets near the entrance when the gates open and the queues build there up pretty fast... However with a 6 year old dying to meet her favorite characters i too didnt have a choice but to add to the queue :) Light snacks were allowed without any fuss inside the park. The staff was very helpful and courteous. Own water and juice was allowed too. The free WIFI service inside the park was good enough for us to share our memories in real time. Ensure to check out the time and place of the meet & greet of all the Disney characters from the guide map available in the park's entrance. Each Disney character is out only for a short time (approx. 30 mins) so get there early or you won't get to meet them. The food at the restaurants wasn't too attractive or delicious however we still had a heavy meal to stay active until the fireworks. We were free in the evening but were eager to stay till the Paint the Night parade and the fireworks. So we grabbed the best seats on the benches right in front of the Sleeping Beauty Castle. Even though the weather looks pleasant ensure to carry warm clothes during winters as staying out in open for the shows can give you a wind chill effect. I personally found the oe day ticket to be good enough as we with planning we covered everything and enjoyed nearly 99% of the attractions. I used the fast pass for Space Mountain and one more ride and it worked like a charm, no long queues :) Though everyone says DON'T BRING SELFIE STICK which i even confirmed with Disneyland team, i could still see a lot of guests with these sticks inside the park. As suggested by someone here i took an autograph book and got many characters happily sign it. My daughter went gaga over our idea and is still very thankful. Thanks to my dear Tripadvisor friend for that suggestion!Keep enough space and charge on your cameras phones for videos and pictures until the fireworks as you would love to capture every moment for a lifetime. Disneyland is must visit for people of all age. My wife and i enjoyed the Cinderella Carousel like kids... The video recording still brings smiles to our faces :)
This is HK Disneyland we're talking about and not much to see and play for a thrill seeker. Better go there in the afternoon and wait until the fireworks flare the sky at 6 or 8 pm.But still too many visitors make you have to queue more than half hour to its top attractions.Some of quite amazing rides are space mountain, jungle river cruise and mystic manor.Enjoy the sparkling surrounding and its quite fascinating decoration during festive Christmas and New Year.
Getting there was easy via MTR. Great day out. We covered the whole day in the one day. Blessed with LOW wait times of no more than 15 mins so very happy we did not purchase fast passes. Viewed the lion king show no problems. Take cash for food as they do not take Credit card... we have done Disneyworld in Orlando and found this less stressful as the park was no where near full. Only it's a small world was closed for renovation. Light show parade and fireworks were worth the wait.Tip   train closes at around 530pm..
Not very long queue only some of them and enjoy new ride with iron man experience. Night Parades and fireworks were awesome.
I'd heard mixed things before coming to HK Disney and as a big fan of Disney parks  we've done Florida and Anaheim in the last 18 months, I was worried that this small park would fail in comparison. But to my delight this was not true.There is enough familiar to be Disney but enough different to delight. I loved the it's a small world that includes Disney characters. Where we in other rides spot the country, here we were hunting the characters! Look out for our favourites, the 3 cabelleros! We were so lucky the Iron Man ride had just opened and this was awesome. As fans of Star Tours, we were familiar with the concept. But still found the ride a thrill!Apparently the park is always quiet til lunchtime. We certainly found this. We queued for nothing till around parade time 3pm. So arrive early as you will feel like you have the park just for yourself.The shows  Mickey book and Lion King were up their with the best Disney park shows I've seen. The Lion King is different to the Animal Kingdom one so not to be missed. The parades  again, up there with the best. I particularly loved the Electrical Light show just before fireworks. We had no problem having good viewing even for my 4 years old. He danced the whole way through!I was surprised that the retail experience was not as huge as I thought. Ok, I might be comparing to WDW but I had thought the Chinese would be up on the whole Disney merchandise?! What was really different was an absence of Disney t shirts other than on western visitors. I feel out of place without my Mickey T in a US theme park. Here I didn't see a princess,pirate or personalised family party at all!I love Chinese food. But my one suggestion, and my one fail was to try traditional Chinese food on my family at Disney. This is not the place to experiment on them! Stick to what you know they will eat   to boost up their energy levels and hit the park!And consider doing 2 days if you are a real fan. We were there all day and missed a few rides that we went back a second day to do, even though there were no really long queues.
It is Disneyland. Nothing much to write as the name Disneyland has its own reputation as the most happiest place on earth.. still does.
Who doesn't love Disney? I was able to go to Disney in US so I have some sort of idea what to expect like kiddie rides and the very long lines, overpriced food, the parade in the afternoon and of course the fireworks. Of course there's gonna be a significant difference but still, Disney brings out the kid inside of you.
Like all Disney lands great fun for every age. There is a good discount if you are a pensioner.   Go to your favoutite rides first to avoid the queues. Good parking and directions.
This is great especially for young people and children, the special effects are great and very amusing. It is worth the trip! Using several lines of MTR, we finally get there. Please rise up earlier to get all the entertainments, don't be late out of bed in the morning.
Being a Disney Anaheim fan and having visited numerous times this park is smaller in comparison but still has the Disney Magic you expect. The crowds were small which this time of year was awesome as when we visit Anaheim it's hours of waiting for rides, make sure you download the ap as you know the ride wait time before having to walk to that land which means you can get more done with less wasted time. We spent two full days here and still had things we didn't do. Shopping is also cheaper for souvenirs than it's USA counterpart.
ALL attraction was not as amazing as Universal studio, because Disneyland is suitable for a kid not for us (over 20 yo). But i love Firework showed at 9 PM was very spectacular !!! The lighting, the song, it reminded me my childhood. It was such a very good moment to bring ur children it absolutely will make them happy. And i loved parade show at night, very spectacular too :) it was really make me happy.Besides, it is very difficult to find halal menus, so we didn't eat anything. I love the MTR special to disneyland.
It is average place. I visited Euro Disneyland and this one does not have anything more attractive. Long queue and not all games have fast track.
What to say about this place. Every moment of the day was mesmerizing with the thought that how could they create such a beautiful and happy place and continue to keep it that way. Loved the setup, the beauty and the fun in all the different lands, Tomorrowland, Toystoryland, Fantasy land, Adventureland etc etc. The food tasted great, so much for the kids to enjoy, the parade and so many rides and experiences for adults to be part of. Tip   Have a detailed level understanding of the park layout before starting your day as a day is short for exploring whole of disneyland, and must utilise it very optimally. Start early and finish late.
I went to Disneyland with my family and we spent full day over there.We started at 11am and. Finished at closing time 9:30 pm.Best experience ever.I thought that my children will love it but we all loved it me, my wife and 2 children one of them is teenager.Best experience in my life.Shows, souvenir shops, theatres, all... Are GREAT
expectations where high as i thought it will be better than euro disney...but by far is Hong Kong DL an smaller and really boring park. We went there on an monday out of season an i can just imagine how people will lay on eachother on an chinese new year or other peak days....my godness never again!!
We visited on a Saturday in early December. We only had two days in Hong Kong, so had no choice but to visit on a weekend. I was a bit worried that it would be very busy so I made sure we arrived early. When we arrived we walked straight in and there were no ques at all for atleast the first hour! It did get busier as the day went on, but everything was bearable (I think the maximum wait we had was about 20 minutes during the peak of the day).I've visited most of the other Disney Parks throughout the world, this one is noticeably smaller. However they had plenty of  meet and greets  with the characters throughout the day, and lots of photo opportunities! We managed to get our pictures taken with atleast 4 different Disney characters during the day. I didn't see as many opportunities for these kind of pictures in the other Disney parks I visited, so this was definitely a highlight.Would highly recommend a visit to Hong Kong Disneyland.
Great ! A wide variety of rides made available for children from preschoolers to primary schoolers. fireworks at 8.00pm every night. We went there thrice from opening to closing and both my children love it very much! Once awhile there were tourists who cut queue, but overall it was a good experience.
We went to Disneyland on Christmas Day and it was not overly busy when we arrived, which was great. We watched the afternoon and the night parade which was fantastic but people were so so pushy. We had a 2 yr old with us and nobody even cared about pushing you around with her in your arms. The lines all had reasonable wait times, and there was so much to see and do  I'm not even sure we saw it all. Our 13 yr old boy had the best time. And there was lots for our little one to do. She LOVED it's a small world... And so did us adults secretly ;) Food was very limited and very average  that is why they lost a star!
Visited when my daughter turned 10.We went on early and on a weekday , so the lines were not so bad.Brings the child in you: )
I visited Hong Honk Disney on New Years Eve so it was packed to say the lest. Even so the place was spotless and most things were running smoothly. You don't get the same levels of enthusiasm from the staff as you do in Orlando so that dims it down a bit. Its a small park so you can get round it in a day no problem. But if you've small kids its a must do while your here, my daughter loved it.
Visited end of December with my 7 5 and 4 year olds. They loved it. Very appropriate for their age however you have to be organized as the shows and character  meet and greets  have strict times. It is a good idea to download the app which is live and gives tells you waiting times at the different rides. The Lion King show was nice, the Parade at 4pm was fabulous.I didn't think we would last 3 hours there but we were there from 10am to 7pm . The food is basic but we didn't go there for food so no biggy. And signage was poor. But the app was very helpful
its beautifully organized and u need to follow the map to discover every corner. will take about 10 11 hrs so its better to be there early. all the sections have fabulous themes be it fanstasy land, adventure land, mystic land.. and the shows are outstanding! the performers are top notch! the parades and fireworks will leave u breathless! dont miss this while in HK!
I came again to this park after 7 years. A lot of modernization they did and it is a job well done. The apps and some shows with laser works are excellent.I bought two day tickets which have almost the same price like the one day. Good treat for Disney fans.Queue between 2 6pm is (too) long, so come early before 12 for the best experience.They also provide new halal restaurant and a decent prayer room for moslem visitor. Great service overall.
Everybody's magical place...fun exciting and great for all ages. We went around ten am and the park just opened so the queues were not that long but the lines get crowded by lunchtime. I suggest you get on the disney railroad and start from the attractions from a far so the lines are still not that long since most of the people are on the nearby attractions, then do the shows and the photographs with the characters later. Parade is at 330 and is also fun to watch and the fireworks.
Easily accessible. Queues move along quite quickly at the entrance. Queues for the rides are crazy ridiculous, especially if you have little ones who cannot stay focused for such long periods. Disappointed that only Mickey made an appearance, and not even for photo opps. just a short skit at the front of the castle with the brass band.
Visited Disneyland Hong Kong with my family during the Christmas week. What to expect from this place:1) Suitable for all ages ranging from toddler to senior folks.2) Downloadable mobile app that comes with detailed map, show timing and waiting time of queue in each attraction.3) Long queue for each ride during peak season (you can opt for express pass if your are a frequent goer).4) Show time are quite evenly distributed so you can plan your time in between rides and show times.5) Sufficient dining options in each section of the park.6) The daily evening fireworks at 9pm, simply magical!
I have been to other Disneyland but this was the first one where a large number of staff do not smile or greet you enthusiastically. The foreign staff, however, are always in character and smiling and friendly so this may just be a Hong Kong culture. The park is not as good as others and the parade is small (around 8 floats) and the firework display at night is underwhelming. The restaurants are really good with a lot friendlier staff so this was really the highlight of the visit
sorry for bad review.that is only ny experience.went with son,6 year old.he has down syndrome.of course there was so so busy,and finaly i wanted to do photo of him and Mickey mouse.the guy,who was with the entrance rope didnt aloud us because we were late for 1 minute.REALLY??then we went to do photo with other personage,and the guy with an entrance rome said:you are too late for 5 mins.my child cried.everyone was waching at us with faces without any feelings.DISABLE CHILD WASNT ALOUD TO DO PHOTO.is there any humanity in some of Disneyland worker's hearts???is Disneyland all about children's dreams and fairy tales?? i think that's very disturbing whats going on in Hongkong.no respect for disable child.
HK Disney was a fantastic day trip. Previous Disney experience told us to get there early (there's a 10% early bird discount on purchases) and hit the roller coasters first. So we go in some repeated trips in space mountain and the grizzly Gulch before the crowds got bigger and lines got longer. Toy story land was one of our favourite lands   some unexpected great rides! Make sure you check out the lion king show   Amazing!We settled in half an hour before the parade and had a great view. Have fun!
It was great and magical in every single way and offers a great amount of attractions even though it is the smallest Disney in the world! We bought the 2 days tickets for the weekend and surprisingly it was not crowded as we thought it would be. It was drizzling and slightly windy on Saturday so that might have been the reason it was empty. The afternoon parade on that day was also different due to the weather. On Sunday, the weather was perfect so naturally there were more people and the lines to the attractions were longer, but we never waited more than 30 minutes which is nothing compared to what you have to wait in other amusement parks. I'd absolutely go back!
Last year we visited Disneyworld in Florida with our 8 year old in June and its huge offering would have needed a full week to enjoy. This time our visit to Hong Kong Disneyland over Christmas was a lot more relaxed. For one thing the Park is far smaller, more compact and less crowds and lining up. Also the weather was perfect, whilst winter, it was a mild 21 degrees most days. I wouldn't recommend going in June which in Hong Kong (like Florida) is just stifling hot and humid.Disneyworld is easily accessible by MTR from Hong Kong central. After two days we had been on most rides. Thankfully the new new Ironman ride had a soft opening and it was great, incorporating the Hong Kong skyline into the ride with great effect. The other rides were good and our 8 year old had a great time. There is a wild Star Wars roller coaster ride as well but not much else of Star Wars other than the Jedi Training academy and a lot of merchandise. The evening fire works also were fun.The great thing is for an Australian, Hong Kong is only 9 hours flight away and in Aussie time zones compared to the US with both Anaheim and Orlando big flights for kids.We will now only go back to Disney once the new Star Wars worlds are open in the US, that will be worth travelling for!!
we visited HK Disneyland during christmas vacations.this was our first disney experience and we absolutely loved it.Hong Kong Disneyland is a full 2 day visit if you wish to cover everything it has to offer...toystory land, fantasy world, tomorrow land, adventure land, grizly gulch etc etc. i wonder how people say you can finish it in 1 day...not at all...you need 2 full days to experience it totally.a must visit place for every traveler to HK ....if u r a disney fan. i travelled with my son n husband and parents and we all thoroughly enjoyed it .we loved tomorrow land and specially the IRON MAN ride . Grizzly gulch was awesome and so was the night parade and the fireworks.its a magical world...
Brilliant for small children. Our two loved it, and as with everything in Hong Kong, it's spotless. Nobody does it better than Disney. We also stayed at the Disney Hollywood hotel. This too was excellent
One of the smaller Disneylands out there, but has everything you need for you and your family to have a great time. Everything is bilingual (Cantonese and English), friendly staff. We went during the week, so the lines were shortly, only had to wait 20 30 minutes per ride, at most.The Star Wars additions in Tomorrowland were outstanding. A must see. The Ironman experience is a motion theater, not bad for a 10 minute way, may be a bit of a disappointment for an hour or more wait.Great holiday parade at the end with an outstanding fireworks display.Easy to get to with the MTRs.Would definitely go back.
Being from Orlando, Florida originally and having been to WDW and Universal Studios i had my reservations to  waste  a day at Disneyland. I do have a 6 and 5 year old and the girls loved it. It wasn't nearly as big as Magic Kingdom, but it also wasn't nearly as busy. in typical disney fashion it's world class service. everyone nice and the rides were great for the kids.
Disneyland was the main reason for our hong kong tour. We had a fun time. It was weird hearing the characters speak in Chinese but you will eventually get use to it. I love the star wars area :)It's great place for pictures. But please take note they strictly prohibit the use of selfie stick. This is my dream place for a pre wedding pictorial.One day is not enough to enjoy the place. No long lines, only 5minute wait with all the rides and attraction. Explore first! Don't shop at the first two hours of your stay in Disneyland.It is expensive, we expected that so we wanted good service. Maybe it's the culture thing but the staff could be more polite. It looked like it hurts when they smile. It's better to download the app before visiting the place than go find help in the information area. People there were useless and rude.Bring a big bottle of water, because it is expensive!
A nice to do when visiting HK with kids. Don't expect much. This is a small version of Disney Paris and a fraction of Disney world. Expect lost of crowd during weekend, with Chinese fellow visiting over
If you have visited Disneyworld in Florida you may be disappointed in Disney Hong Kong. The castle is underwhelming to say the least and the place is quite dirty. Many attractions close by 2000 even though fireworks are at 2100. The positive was that there was not the crowds at all that Disneyworld sees and so no waiting for rides. (Longest was 30 mins) and that was rare. My teenagers rode hyperspace mountain 7 times. I am a huge Disney fan and so was glad we went however would not go back. ( I have been to Disneyworld 5 times and would return). The cast members were not out to help you have a magical day and overall just wasn't even close to the standards one expects for a Disney park
Disne HK was easily accessible by public transport, even from HK Island. Full fun day for the kids, lots of walking, and lot of waiting in queue too! We managed to catch the Ironman Experience twice when it was open over the Christmas weekend. Food choices there however were not as good as the one at Disneyland Japan Disney Sea, minimal choices of snacks on the go.
It's my first time in Hong Kong Disneyland and it is more expensive than the Tokyo one. The price gone up just 2 days before our visit.Nothing special if you've been to Disneyland in other part of the world. The good thing is the average queueing time was about 20 minutes compared to my last visit in Tokyo which we wait for at least 30 minutes or more for most ride.
I am a Disneyland lover but the tickets for the park were sold via the hotel we stayed at and at no time from the sale to getting into the gate at the park were we informed that most of rides in a third of the park areas, food carts and stall close at 6pm. The park is advertised as open til 9pm.In addition the parade takes place in total darkness and you can't move around freely for fear of falling in the dark or being robbed. This is a danger for both older and younger people.We did approach the Disneyland staff to complain about the price of the tickets   given they were charged at a full rate  with no after 5pm rate applicable and only portion of the park available to access. So I am not sure I would say rush off to this park if you are in Hing Kong. It's expensive and not nearly as fun as Disneyland Los Angles   Anaheim park.
We've been here a number of times (no kids, just big kids) and this is the smallest Disney park we've been to but it's still fun. Even when it's reasonably busy you can get round the whole park in a day, including the parade and the fireworks display at the end. The park is easy to get to by MTR and has its own dedicated line for the last bit, you can even buy your tickets at the MTR station before setting out and beat some of the queues! It's not cheap but then Disney theme parks never are.
It is a great day out with your family!They certainly do know how to make it magical... but this park can be done in a day (from about 10am ~ 9pm). I have visited Orlando and California Disneyland. This park is not as magical as mentioned above but still a great day of fun for a 9 year old boy.We did not line up for characters or fantasy world.... so if you would like to you do need to plan for more time.Have a magical day peeps!
It has been like a family virture to make almost one visit since its opening. The park is way too small, the temperature is way too hot and the humidity is unbearable. It rained non stop most of day during our visit.The converted space mountain to Star War ride is pleasant and interesting, at least on the first ride, that is.On the otherhand the Wondrous book show is magical, a must see attraction, it added some glitters to our family tradition activity.Noticeble much less tourists, imagine it was a public holiday in both Hong Kong and Mainland China. Fast pass is useless since all attractions took less than 30 minutes waiting. For the Star War ride, by the end of the day, there was no line up. My kids and I had three rides back to back. (It was revolting to the stomach...)
A full day fun at the Hong Kong Disneyland. Easily accessible by MTR from Sunny Bay station change to the Disneyland line specially designed for Disney tourists. Divided into many sections you can enjoy shows, Movies , train ride , river cruise to some crazy rides recently opened . Iron man has been introduced a month back and kids will love it. You may get the FAST Pass for some of the rides to save on time. If you are crazy for the rides then don't miss the new rides in the Toy Land.All kind of food is available including Indian food. Water is free in the park and complimentary wifi in certain areas.The best shows to watch are the Magical Show and the Lion King. 1930 everyday is the parade but be there by 7 pm to grab an area. 9pm are the breathtaking fire works which are not be be missed before you say bye bye to the Magical experience in Disney.
Really for kids and kids at heart      Fireworks display is worth the wait. Love that there is wifi around the area.
Ok, this one will be a short one. You want to visit Disneyland to dream with your kids, right ? Ok then Hong Kong Disney is nothing but the dream.... and why ? Well, the longest queues you will ever stand for, losing your time. Oh and then the dirt on the floor, I will not even go into details, because it is quite disgusting to be honest. The overpopulation in the park and the mass of people make the trip unbareable to be honest. The huge dissappointed and specially when you know Disney Paris, Florida or California... So one good advise. Do not settle for less. Go to the real Disney, dont settle for the mediocre one just because it is nearer......Dont do that to your kids.
Great rides and attractions for the kids.  Do not forget to download the HK Disneyland Apps to plan your rides.  For Muslim patrons there are two restaurants which are certified Halal. There is also a designated prayer room available.
The name  Disneyland  makes you all excited about what's inside, about the facilities etc etc, however, Disneyland Hong Kong provides little to no excitement at all. It is very small for a theme park standard, it has limited number of rides and most of which are, although very child friendly, boring. The scenery however, was extraordinary. They perfectly captured the essence of every theme, some themes however, somehow gave the impression that they were minor attractions basically because there were little to no rides in them at all. Having said that, I conclude that the Tommorowland attraction is the best, especially the buzz lightyear ride, really fun, lined up thrice for that ride.
We really loved our time here. The  cast members  were so helpful and kind. We went twice, both on weekdays. I can't imagine it being more crowded. Lots of people!!Pros: Loved the Lion King show. Be sure to go see that (or any other show for that matter.  Kind  crew members . They would take pictures with your phones. LOVED that!!! Frequent opportunities for pictures with characters.  Loved the main strip... especially the afternoon parade. Don't miss that!!!! The evening fireworks are great. We went for Christmas and they even shot out fake snow onto the main strip. My little girls loved that.  Decorated well for the season. Cons: Price! So expensive. Nearly everything costs something. There's a lot of commercials, too. They make you exit via gift shops. That's common for a park, but not after individual rides. You'd think the high price of admission would cover other things. But I guess that keeps away the masses.  it's DisneyLand in Hong Kong. Where is Mulan?! Seriously, Disney... how was this overlooked? Maybe she's in ShangHai, now that they have a park there.  I had high hopes for the Toy Story part. Wasn't very good, especially for small children.
Easy to reach this destination via the efficient transport system. The staff are friendly and prompt. Though its smaller in size compared to other Disneyland, the shorter queue made up for this shortfall.
NOt just the kids, even us parents loved it! The arrangements and crowd control (27 Dec) were spot on.
Rides & shows & Christmas parades & restaurants to eat aplenty & shopping for special goodies & awakening of that child in me   my experience in Hongkong Disneyland
Travelling to Hong Kong Disneyland via the MTR train provides a good experience of the day ahead. When you board the Disneyland Train with its character windows, soft furnished seating you enjoy the magic before you get to the entrance.
Despite being the smallest of all Disneyland, the park is very well planned. My 11 year old son thoroughly enjoyed.  A day package is good enough. Not to miss Tarzan's tree house and the Grizzly Gulch.
Even though the HK Disneyland is the smallest of all Disneyland, it is still a Disneyland. From the perspective of most children, there is no comparison with other Disneyland. Hence the small scale is no issue.Children will enjoy the rides and the attractions. My only wish is that more costumed characters may appear more frequently to allow more photo taking opportunities.
Visited Disney land during 2015 Christmas. It's just amazing to be there. It's bit crowded during this time of year but it's worth. Rides are awesome. Shows are great. More than anything else Disney parade, fire works, Chris tree lighting and meeting you favourite Disney character is an experience in itself. If you have a young kid then you are going to have a fielded day. One day is not sufficient to cover all fun. We visited it for 2 days. Covered fantasy land and tomorrow land on day one and adventure land, mystic land and toy land on day 2. Get Disney app to better manage things or else you will be just running around. It's just a wow experience.
I heard that the lines are less here comparing to Tokyo or US... however a few days before Christmas on a beautiful clear winters day proves this wrong. It was still busy! The rumours are correct it's very small, but not terribly. You only need a day to get around and at least you feel like you have seen it all. As always the food isn't great so bring a few snacks with you!
I went on Christmas Day 2016, the crowd was not as many as I expected. I bought the admission tickets online and went thru via Magic Access line, which happens to be where I got the 3 in 1 meal coupons (Lunch, Snacks, Dinner). I'd recommend going to Explorer's Club Restaurant at Mystic Point as the portions are bigger (2 set meals of shared amongst 2 adults and 1 tween) compared to Clopin's Festival of Foods (1 set meal of a mickey mouse pizza is not enough for my tween!) at Fantasyland.
Spent the day today at HK Disneyland, and found that compared to their counterparts in Japan, HK is just ok.We got there at opening time, this is a good idea as for the first hour or two, lines for rides were non existent. I was especially pleased we got to try out the brand new Iron Man ride, which was slot of fun. This park is superior in the sense they had much more content available in English as compared the the Japanese parks.However we quickly came to realise the park is particularly small! I would say after three hours or so we'd seen the whole park and all the attractions we were interested in.The place is well run and we'll staffed. But for the very high ticket prices they charge, I'm not sure three or four hours is value for money. The twin Japanese parks give you slot more bang for your buck.One other note was the stupid prices for food inside the park. I guess one should just expect to get gouged for everything at a theme park, but they seem to have mastered the art at HK Disney. A very average and plain cheeseburger cost $26 AUD. I paid less than that for a burger at a Gordon Ramsay restaurant! So if you remember, bring some stuff with you.
Okay experience overall! However wasn't for the ages 12  as most of the rides and attractions was targeted for younger children. However if you are 12  and like that sort of thing then go for it! Very expensive to purchase anything there so make sure to buy and pack food in advance to save money.
This is a must see attraction for anyone visiting Hong Kong with children. Plenty of fun things for kids to see and do, lots of photo opportunities with your favourite Disney characters and the parades down Main Street are brilliant. There are too many great things to say about Disneyland, you must make time to visit.
Don't miss it no matter what you have heard. It is pretty good despite all other reviews we read. We have already visited the Orlando and California Disney and our expectations were not high. But this has almost improved version of each ride we have been to the USA disney parks Wonderous Book show(new show) is awesome and must see. Lion king is equally impressive. We have a 6 year old and he could qualify for all the RED tagged roller coasters. He just fell in love with the parade and fake snow right afterwards in the main street area. Do the most desired rides early to avoid crowds and do take fast pass for the ones where you hit long lines. We did not purchase any fast pass separately and still able to cover most of the park we desired. We stayed for dinner after fireworks to avoid crowds and worked well.Grizzly bear ride is the one I loved most .
A very memorable visit for our family especially for our 10 year old daughter. Awesome rides and attractions for the whole family. Our favorite was the Hyperspace Mountain and Jungle River Cruise, with the Ironman ride next. The parades and fireworks display are must sees too. You will need 2 days to fully appreciate the park but a one day visit would do too.
Our third visit to Hong Kong Disneyland, probably our last visit as the kid had out grown most rides and not much of exciting, adrenal pumping rides attracting them further.Smallest among other Disneyland that we had been, we still enjoyed seeing the parade and the fireworks. Shopping for souvenirs are always a must in any Disneyland and fascinating in seeing and choosing as seems all are what you want
We visited Disneyland with our children on the 24th of December. We all had lots of fun! The children particularly enjoyed the visit. We enjoyed the rides particularly! The Christmas eve celebrations were great!
I avoid crowds as I don't want to ruin my day. However my daughter has been asking to go Disneyland. I relented and went Disneyland hopping this holiday. First hongkong Disneyland last week and shanghai Disneyland today.I have to say, I had higher expectations for the service in hongkong than shanghai. After all, Hong Kong has been in the service industry for a longer time.I found the service of the staff unfriendly and in no way giving their guests a magical day. We were asking for directions and the staff will just point and say the name of the place. I know the name of the place, but I am expecting more details like turn left or right and when.... and in the midst of me still trying to get more details for direction, the girl went to answer the phone! I was so disgusted by this unfriendly and rude attitude. Disneyland definitely need to buck up on training for their staff.Another girl showed up to apologize, saying she was supposed to man the stand but comon, everyone wearing a Disneyland staff uniform should be helpful and not just because it is not her stand she can be so rude!Anyway, after experiencing the Disneyland in shanghai, I will just recommend everyone to forget the one in hongkong and go shanghai instead.
Although it's the smallest Disneyland park in the world, it's also the only one that has tropical surroundings, which is cool. The attractions that i definatelly recommend are Mystic Manor, Big Grizzly Mountain and Hyperspace Mountain, also a nice show with 4D movie   Mickey's Philarmagic.Not to be missed here, in my oppinion, are also the fireworks at the castle, the  Paint the night  parade and during the winter holidays, the Christmas tree lighting show.
I visited this place with less expectations.. and i did righti It has lot of offerings for kids, but very less for age of 30's. You may like few thrilling rides along with a good company.But vegetarian guys just be ready for fasting, since hardly you will get there something to eat.Anyways still there is something that you can enjoy.
Not many people would go visit this Hong Kong Disney now, probably mainly because of the drop in mainland china tourists, for the opening of the shanghai one, or simply currency reasons etc. Favourable to anyone who'd like to try out a less crowded version of the Park. Have what it advertised of cause. Expect what you would expect, just less crowded.
Even though most of the rides, characters meet and greet are for younger children, me and my 13yr teenage daughter enjoyed strolling along the park, watching the street performances and the parades, and went on a few rides.We love the breathtaking lighting effects & music of  Disney Paint the Night  Nighttime Spectacular at 7.30pm. The cheerful vibes are contagious! We had a blast on the Toy Soldier Parachute Drop, Slinky Dog Spin, Orbitron and HK Disneyland Railroad that goes round the park. We also visited Chewbacca & R2 D2 at the Star Wars Command Post located at the Tomorrowland. We skipped a few of the popular rides due to the crowds.Food & beverages are more expensive along the Main Street area, we bought 3 medium sized fried shrimps with chips for HKD48 at the Lucky Nugget Saloon, Grizzly Gulch after our visit to Toy Story Land. The portions are just right for us if compared to the food served at the cafe at the Main Street, and there was no wastage of unfinished food.Overall, there are varieties of entertainment catered to different age groups of park visitors, and Disney sure has the magic to make this happen!
We were there Xmas and Boxing Day and was the best time.  So quiet in the morning, got nearly the whole park done by 2pm.  Did the same the next day  Night Light show was truly amazing
Spent the day at HK Disneyland with 2 kids aged 10 and 14 at cost $380 just to get in the gate. There were some good 3D shows and roller coaster ride they enjoyed but found most rides more for younger kids. Food and drinks really expensive which we expected but $6 for a coke and $138HKD for a small curry and rice or $6 for a hotdog on a stick. Glad we only paid for a one day pass as did not consider it good value when also had to wait I ver an hour to get on some rides. Parade at 3pm was good. Not sure would bother going again.
We just got back from disneyland. And we were very disappointed. We expected a lot more rides for our age group but it was mostly for the kids. I guess if you are 30 . It's better to go to Ocean park.
Fantastic time with two boys aged 4 and 9. We have been on Christmas day and in the morning waiting time was Very reasonable (close to none for some attractions). Only major minus from me is food drink prices   total rip off!! So prepare drinks and snacks before you go!Park itself is not to big and I think one day is enough if planned well in advance   it was however our first trip to any Disney resort so got no comparison to other parks.
I took Disneyland Themed train from Sunny bay MTR and reached Disneyland station.. its very easy and comfortable fast ...although i dint visit inside i just walked up to the entrance and took some snaps around..as i was not much interested since i ve visited Universal studios in Singapore earlier.. The ticket is bit expensive and kids & adults can really enjoy it i hope..
Disneyland is a good place to visit in Hong Kong specifically if you have kids along with you. Even adults would have a good time here as there are lots of rides which even adults can enjoy.
Special day out for my 9 year old daughter The park is very impressive and certainly worth a visit.I would recommend a visit outside of holiday periods as it seemed that most of Hong Kong was also visiting on the same day.It was extremely busy, which is a reflection on how good the park is.
Ok, I shall agree that once you are in Hong Kong and don't have enough time, you may skip Disney park. However, ir you are a Disney lover, or if you are in HK with children, you definitely should visit the park. The smallest Disney park among the current six, HK Disney carries the soul of Disney, the magic of Disney universe and the people who make HK Disneyland happen every day will make sure that the visitors are having a nice time while visiting them. As a hint, if you don't like hot weather, avoid visiting the park on summer.
This is my second time in Disneyland HK. Although it's in a much smaller space than the other lands in Tokyo or LA, I still feel happy and happy and happy.Kudos to Disney management.The staff is friendly (unlike Ocean Park's)The place is cleanThe food is acceptable. Food Queue not so good.The rides queues is not too bad.Oh the guy incharge of getting the cabs into Disney was exceptionally helpful and intuitive. We got a cab from Disney to Kowloon.
Been to hong kong disneyland..... and i spent a whole day there.... Good price value for your money lots of game and sites to visit but the problem is the cue takes most of your time. Didn't get the chance to do the roller coaster because of the rain but it was a great experience though...
We went there early in the morning, we took a taxi instead of MTR which costed us a bit more. At the entrance they check all bags, and we purchased two tickets and went in, it is not very big, small a bit, wear comfortable shoes, it is mostly more fun for younger children, still interesting for adults. There were a lot of people from China and a few from Hong Kong, some from the States, and Europe. The people from China, kept cutting the lines, a few times I had to say,  Hello, do you not see us standing here? , Another place we were waiting to see a show, and there wasn't any indication of where line started and ended just all people standing everywhere which was really horrible. All the Chinese pushed it was a bit crazy, and foreigners looks at each other like Oh My Gosh and we were all laughing even though we don't know each other. I would not recommend to go during summer, too hot. Choose a cooler season. Wear sun screen if you go during summer, might burn a bit. Food there was delicious, we had a few coffees to cool us off, we went during beginning of May. It is different than the one in USA, or China. Best to go there not during Chinese holidays otherwise, too many people and bad behaviours. You can buy the food there, it is not crazy high prices, and have water since you will be standing in lines to get in. We finished late and we tried to get a taxi, was not simple, we didn't know which taxi's to take and etc, so we asked and people were helpful. Outside the DisneyLand there is a fountain, and a nice picture location. Enjoy DisneyLand
We chose HK Disneyland rather than Disney World, Orlando specifically because its small size matched my daughter. All the mist see characters were there and the Tinker Bell meet and greet was precious. Pricey, but totally worth it.
My hubby decided to choose here over Macau during our HK holiday trip since neither of us have been to any Disneyland yet and this is the closest.I've to say, we enjoyed it thoroughly and with such a fine, cool winter weather end of the year, it make our walk more enjoyable without the sweat during summer time.Although it may be the smallest among all Disneyland, it still took us a full day to walk, ride, eat, shop and we managed to catch two parades; one in the afternoon and the other during night time. The only thing we didn't managed to do was to catch and take a close up photos with all the Disney characters due to the timing that's scheduled.In terms of transportation, there is a direct MTR from Hong Kong station to Disneyland, which you have to interchange at Sunny Bay and you will come across a Mickey Mouse decorated MTR trains to Disneyland. It is advisable to go during weekdays when it is less crowded compared to weekend. Also, with me at my second trimester pregnancy, most of the rides are pregnancy friendly with one or two rides only. To me, this was more than good enough for me as I was able to still enjoy 95% of the rides.I definitely wouldn't mind going back again if I am in HK.
We came on the eve of Christmas and it was a memorable experience for the family. I suggest you always get an advanced booking to save time for queueing. Got a lot lesser queue. Prices also are up during holiday seasons just like the whole HK. 1 day won't suffice if you want to take all the rides. Our whole day covered what was necessary. We arrived at 10 am and had the following:1. Tram ride around the park to give us an overview2. Watched Festival of the Lion King (5 star) in the theater in the wild followed by the Jungle Book and Boat ride3. Early lunch4. Watched Mickey and the Wondrous Book    quite a good time to nap5. Flights of Fantasy parade along the main street, but sit along the streets near Fantasy land Tomorrowland6. Rode the good rides: Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine cars in the Grizzly grunch, and from Toy Story land: toy soldier parachute drop and RC racer7. Just in time for the 7pm Disney Paint the Night8. Tomorrowland's not so awesome Hyperspace Mountain (No sudden drops, just swinging fast) and a photo ops with Star Wars characters9. Disney in the Stars fireworks. Be sure you bought your MTR singe journey ticket to avoid the Disneyland closing time queue, especially if you don't have any Octopus.
its a whole day trip. nicely devloped.all ages can be enjoyed.if u cant go to usa then here is a nice example to go.
The kids and I were glad to see some Star Wars attractions and rides at Tomorrowland and slowly taking over it, but also relieved that Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters is still around. We enjoyed blasting away at the Zurg that we had to take the ride twice! Hyperspace mountain which has you in a X Wing evading Star Destroyers and TIE Fighters was just too thrilling   it's twists and turns, and sudden drops and stops are not for the faint hearted! A crowd favorite is the Slinky Dog Spin   we managed to try it this time, but not in our previous 2 visits to the park as the kids were younger then and did not have the patience nor the stamina for the 30 minute (at least) queue! For the Christmas festive period, there was a Christmas tree light up and fireworks in the evening as well!
Its ok if you arrive in this place around 2pm if its weekdays and short line. Make sure to bring water or drinks because its expensive inside. Go to the exciting rides first. Have more patience and expect long walk from the parking or bus terminal to the park
This is my first time in disneyland and I am really happy. Most of the things in disneyland is mostly want to attract kids so mostly are for kids but for a 19yr old me, I really do love it. The most unhappy thing of this trip to disneyland is where before you enter, they will need to check ur bags. The girl call me to throw the fried rice i had in my bag away because I cannot bring in. My mum is a vegetarian and disneyland doesnt have vegetarian food so the fried rice i bring is in case she is hungry but she call me to throw. At last I throw but I am still mad at her for making me throwing it.
my daughter had a great time with Disney characters, parade, Christmas celebrations as well as stage shows. a must visit.
Well .. Disney is great around the world with their happy smiling staffs. NOT here. The people who works here mostly have sad and angry faces. They will shout Instructions and man handle you if you look like Chinese. Or course if you are Anglo Saxon they treat you differently. What a regret that we choice HKG as the destination for our 2nd Disneyland visit this year. Tokyo was way way way better. Th attitude and behaviour of the ground staffs has made this a horrible place to be.
Catching the Disney train was great the way that it's decked out is amazing Arriving early we waited and got to look around the main entrance was so clean tide and wow just beautiful Upon entry was reared by lots of Halloween things as it was only a week away was surprised that the Asians had got into it so muchWas a hot day but there was a typhoon warning out so set about seeing as much as we could was just amazing but disappointed as there was lots of rides not open because of the warning but wasn't windy or rainingHad a awesome lunch in the Chinese restaurant went with the set menu wow just so good worth doing for sure better than take out foodSo much to see and do in only one day and just as we was leaving it stared to shower so it was the start of the typhoon A awesome day
go to Disneyland is very enjoy. People work there is fun, games is also fun. Food is good. But i like most is the games and shows. Everyone i see is have fun and is smiles. Also me is smile. I come again there with my two baby. They tell me they like too.
Maybe this review is bias because I love amusement parks, Goofy, Minnie Mouse ears, fireworks, and I was proposed to in front of the castle. Hong Kong Disney is wonderful! The magic begins before you even arrive to the park. If you take the train, you are picked up by the Mickey Mouse train which is decked out in Disney decor and playing all of your favorite Disney tunes. You also get to dote over the cute little girls dressed in Disney princess wear. Adorable! Mickey tells you to have a magical day and you automatically decide that you will.We stayed at the resort which is amazing in and of itself. The shuttles to Disney are frequent and convenient. The rides are fun and totally make you feel like a kid.You must see the fireworks show at the end of the night. My lovely fiance proposed to me under the fireworks and I loved it! My dream come true!
Must go for kids.  I find it less crowded compared to a few years ago.  The queue for the rides is now shorter, nothing more than 25 30mins.
Yes, its Disney! Its 5 Star and the staff are super proffesionals! Everything works, parade is great, Attractions are fantastic, but... the line to every ride was about 60 min.And it is NOT cheap inside. If you go in the morning, have big breakfast before, or eat lunch before going there.
A total cheerful place, awesome time spent with family and friends.A must visit place and worth waiting for the Night Parade and Fireworks.I'd say for anyone visiting, download a map online first and ask people what all things are must watch, that way your time is spent wisely.
We loved visiting Disneyland! I went there with my partner and it was the first time for both of us to visit any Disneyland and we really enjoyed all the rides and seeing all the characters walking around. We stayed there all day and really enjoyed the firework show on the night!
Went there as part of a family group so it wasn't top of my pick though the child did enjoy it. Farcical entry method, we bought tickets on line and then proceeded to wait in line for half an hour or so. Various other problems resulting in a wait of 1 hour. Crowded place and difficult to battle your way through. Food expensive, basically you get ripped off. Very few places to sit down and watch the goings on. Saw two parades which were quite good but not the place I would go to again.
I am a vacation club member with Disney and have traveled the world with my membership, but this was the fist park I have been to outside of LA or Orlando. I couldn't have made a better decision. The hotel, park, transportation, service, food, etc has been most excellent. I am visiting from East Africa and this is such a breath of fresh air for my family. This place is pristine and very well taken care of. It is what I expect from Disney and they have not disappointed.
First, we booked Hong Kong Disneyland tickets via Klook. It is definitely cheaper than buying through Disneyland website. Plus there are discounts for first timer users of Klook. After buying through Klook, we received the vouchers via email, printed them out and brought them on our trip to HK. Reaching HK Disneyland, we headed straight to the main entrance turnstiles. The staff simply scanned the QR Codes on our printed vouchers and in we went. It was very fast. While the Hong Kong Disneyland is small compared to others around the world, the atmosphere was great and the waiting time of the rides weren't that long. I really appreciated how Hong Kong Disneyland is the only Disneyland with a restaurant serving halal food. As a Muslim traveller, halal food can be hard to find at times. While the prices for the food are steep, I truly appreciated that they serve halal food at the Explorer's Club. For a standard meal, it costs HK$139. All the rides were okay, nothing death defying. Kids would enjoy the rides more. Personally, I was there for the Disney experience rather than for the rides. Two noteworthy rides are the Grizzly Gulch and RC Racer. The Lion King show is a must watch. The show was impressive. If you want front row seats to the show, you need to be there in the queue one hour early. But regardless of where you seat, you'll thoroughly enjoy the show. In fact, sitting too close to the stage may not do you good for a positive experience. Do go for Disney's Philharmagic 3D Concert. As the name suggests, you'll be given 3D glasses to put on for the show. Get ready for the experience as you'll feel the wind in your face, and the splash of water (Yes! we got a little bit wet from the sprinkle of water during the show). I thoroughly enjoyed the Parade at 3.30pm and the 7pm Parade. It was then that we saw all the Disney's characters. Do seat at the parade grounds early. Like literally seat on the ground for an up close view of the parade. People were already seated on grounds along the Parade route at 2.50pm. The fireworks at 9pm were also just as great. The music and the images on the castle added to a great fireworks display. As we were leaving and walking along Main Street USA, they released snow from the rooftops! It added to the magic of the Disneyland experience. Amazing time!
Disneyland  always  cheering place  for  the  kids  to  adults.  May  not  complete  in  one  day  but  must  see  evening  parade,  fireworks  and  other  colourful  photo  session.  There  is  specially  one  MTR  station  right  after  the  main  gate.
It rained all day but that didn't stop us having fun and it meant the queues were short!:) small but compact with plenty of fun to keep our 9 and 11 age kids happy.  Easy to get to from via bus and MTR.
Great theme park though small. Park is still maintained in good condition. Stark Iron Man attraction in Tomorrowland due to open in Jan 2017. Universal Studios Transformers ride is much better than Iron Man ride. More realistic and effects. Some attractions are conducted in Cantonese. Need to check the timing schedules for English sessions. Lion King and Mickey's Wonderous Book shows are good and the theatres get filled rather quickly.Hope to see more attractions added soon to justify the increase in park ticket prices.
My 2nd visit to HK Disneyland.  Too bad, Iron man attraction only available from Jan' 2017..  Must try Starwars attraction.. but not suitable for young kids & adults with special conditions.
My son love this place so much.. he is first coaster ride is Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars, and he love it.. and another cool ride is space mountain.. will comeback here again soon.
I have always wanted to go to Disneyland and I finally got there! Experiencing this beautiful place with my own family and parents and sister too was honestly a dream come true! My kids keep asking when we can go back to do it all over again! We will definitely be going back soon! MUST GO!
Disneyland HK is quite small compare to other countries. But most of the popular rides are present. Kids will definitely enjoy here but wer all adult, wer looking for a thrilling ride. But the kids inside us, are so excited and happy to see the parade and fireworks display. And the giant christmas tree in the middle. Nothing beats the memory of our childhood upon seeing those cute characters again.
Disney land as the name says is one of the biggest theme park. It is a must visit destination, well connected via MRT in Hongkong. Take a map to visit all its attractions like Fairyland, toyland, star wars and many more in the list. Few essential things to pack on your way to disneyland are water, sunscreen, umbrella and sun glasses. Wear comfortable clothes and shoes as you need to walk a lot inside. It has many fun rides to enjoy and everything is worth the ticket price. You will enjoy clicking pics with many famous cartoon characters like Mickey, Minney, Donald duck, Daisy duck, Chipmunks, Goofey and lots many.
We literally just arrived back at our hotel from our trip to HKD and it was fabulous. We went on a rainy Wednesday in December. First, the longest wait was 20 minutes (RC Racer and Slinky in Toyland). Second, the park is rather small, which makes for shorter distances between rides  although I still logged 15,482 steps. Third, the rides that are unique to HKD are actually REALLY cool. In my opinion; Mystic Manor is much better than the Haunted Mansion. Hyperspace Mountain completely incorporates Star Wars into the ride, which is fun. And Big Grizzly Mt. Runaway Mine Cars (insanely long name) was this amazing combination of Thunder Mt, Aerosmith, and Everest! All with less than a 5 minute wait. As with most Disney properties outside the US, the food and souvenirs are more reasonably priced but the food can be tricky if you have picky eaters. English is spoken widely and fluently. Oh and there are stickers for the kids to collect; just ask the staff. We took our family of 5, ate a full lunch, had several snacks, bought a custom lightsaber, sweatshirt, t shirt, pack of socks (it rained we had wet feet), a few other small items, and the grand total was right at $500. Not bad for Disney. Bottomline: I wouldn't advise traveling to Hong Kong FOR Disneyland, but if you are here, and can go on a weekday, go for it! You won't regret it.
The train ride from Sunny bay to Disneyland is worth taking. There is always a huge rush from the morning. Better to reach the park at 10 am. Book your tickets in advance to skip the queue. Evening parade and light show are never to be missed. Better to be seated at 5.30 pm as it becomes very crowded at 6.The live shows ( Lion king, etc), Mickey 3D show are worth watching. Fast pass is mainly for Meet and Greet characters. It is a small park if you compare with Orlando. Unlike Orlando, there is no free wifi inside the park Park timing can be increased to 7pm so that we cover 90% of the attraction ( rides, shows, etc)
Bought the 2 day fun pass at a discounted price from the HK Disneyland site.Went early in the morning, at opening hours, straight through to Tomorrowland and collected passes for children to appear on the stage show  Trail of the Jedi temple  which is only for children aged 6 12. They have limited slots each day and are distributed from the start of each day. Very popular among children who are 6 10. Instructions are given in Cantonese, Chinese and English, helpful for children, entertaining for parents.
definitely a place to visit when you are in Hong Kong! Lots of fun ride. However most of the rides are for kids or not so thrilling
My childhood dream was come true! Oh My God, it was about 20 years ago, I'm dreaming about:  One day I had to go to disneyland to met Woody (Toy Story main character) even if only once in a lifetime!!  and I made it! Yes, on March 15th 2015! ( ) Huge theme park! So, i recommend you to wearing the most comfort outfit and shoes to strolling around the Disneyland.( ) The happiest place on earth! ( ) The most uniqueness and delicious foodies around. ( ) The helpful officer around.( ) The best place to having amazing closing fireworks is in front of Cinderella's castle at 8   9 pm.But,( ) The price offered is quite expensive (HK $589).( ) Rides are always long queues and spend time.( ) Need more than 4 5 hours to explore Disneyland.( ) Expensive price for dining, snacks, and drink. ( ) Not as eye catching as Tokyo Disneyland.
Ever green disney park is really a fun for small young kids with fun and fantasy and music and all character of cartoon and virtual world. Park looks more attractive in Christmas days with more musical parade of Disney character. Whole day fun in romantic p k ave
Its good but quite kiddish. Its basically for kids below 12 years, not worth for teenagers. We visited it as my daughter didn't want to leave Hongkong without visiting disneyland
Every corner of this place is worth! When i was there really unexpected some places,things,character movies and so on ....this is not only for the kids but for all ,,,,very lovely place.....Nice fireworks and amazing Disney parade. My wife loved the star wars theme based roller coaster ride.   ve: Relatively small comparing with other Disney resorts around the world. However, I think it's not that bad. The distance is quite far from the downtown Hong Kong make sure to allocate more time for commuting.
Disney land was a good size and easy to get around. One day was plenty i felt. Yes there are queues but I had read the reviews and was mentally prepared! We had a sunny day in winter so took to the shade around midday. Didn't get to see much of tomorrow land as seemed crowded and I had a 4 and 7 year old. We enjoyed the 3d show and lion king the best. Parade was fun at 330 but didn't stay for evening as we had been there since opening and felt content and tired!
We spent only a day at Disneyland, due to time constraints. But a day is definitely not enough to explore everything. From Adventure Land to Toy Story Land to the Magical Castle   you have to experience it all. Queues to get into rides were a bit long (as can be expected), but so worth it. Don't forget to get your photo taken with Mickey and Minnie and Woody! And keep some extra cash to pick up amazing souvenirs from the various shops. What an unforgettable experience!
went there with family, awesome fun, shows n rides.There is free wifi throughout most of the park and that worked well with the Disneyland app. Recommended for young couple with kid!
The smallest of all of the Disneyland resorts, this one doesn't boast many 'high speed thrilling' rides   more ones for 5 10 year olds. (if you want rollercoasters, head to ocean park). Tickets are quite expensive and good luck if you think you can leave without taking something home from the extensive gift shops! For little ones, this is great and would be a really lovely family day out. Bring cash, a small bag, an umbrella and your own drinks if you can. My favourite parts   The River cruise, The runaway mine cars and the toy story blaster ride.
Fairy land with rides n characters for kids. They just cant have enough of it. Its a must visit for family with young ones.
Make sure you spend a whole day in Disneyland. Don't forget to watch their fireworks at the end. Disney had the best fireworks show. If you want to had dinner   lunch, you can try one of Maxim's Restaurant there. They had a yummy beef brisket menu.
Christmas in Disneyland. Need I or anyone say more ? With the addition of the Star Wars franchise its definitely a step up. We were there during Ng the premier of the Iron man offering. Unfortunately we didn't have access to it. (Seemed like an invite only thing; and they were not too polite about it. Sad but won't lose sleep)Beware when signing up for the photo package. It's not worth it. Even thought is like slightly lesser than HKD400. Still that can buy you more popcorn and toys!!!!
Once again this park is magical. It's Disney so it's good right? The ride times are generally around 10 45 minutes on weekdays and 35 65 minutes on weekends or public holidays. Hong Kong Disneyland is smaller than most parks, but it is still super fun. Don't forget to ask the cast members for stickers and ride everything in toy story land, Grizzly Gulch, and Mystic Manor since these are exclusive to Hong Kong Disneyland. Also, Iron Man Experience opens January 2017, I look forward to riding it!
Went there with my family. Easily accesible via the MTR. Ticket was about 1200 hong kong dollar for my wife, 16 months baby and myself.We had a good time and surprisingly it was not over crowded. Most rides had only 15 to 20 minutes wait and the longest queue was about 40 minutes. My wifes second visit and she says it has improved a lot since her first visit. There is free wifi throughout most of the park and that worked well with the disneyland app.Recommended for young couple with kids!
We had a great day at Disneyland. Wasn't very busy when we visited, minimal wait for rides. Park was very clean and well maintained. Merchandise was well priced, not overly expensive. Main street parade was great. Definately worth a visit if your in Hong Kong :)
This was our 2nd visit to a Disneyland (1st being Paris). In comparison this was more focused towards a younger audience as a lot of the rides were gentler.It was super easy to get there taking the Tung Chung line to Sunny Bay and then changing onto the Disneyland Resort line.We arrived around 11am on Thursday (15th Dec) and overall the park was reasonably quiet (longest wait time was around 40mins with on average we waited about 20mins per ride).The best ride was the Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars followed by the Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters. Everything else was pretty average.We missed the parade but highly recommend the Lion King theatre   this in itself is worth the park ticket
Been to Anaheim and Paris Disneyland but I do enjoy HK Disneyland though it is smaller. We have two young kids under seven so we didn't do many rides but being in DL ain't about rushing to go on rides either  it's the entire immersive experience of being in a make believe space and suspending your disbelief (and paying $30 for a cap!)We love the toy story land and the Disneylanders who made us feel very welcomed. And the 7.30pm parade at Main Street USA and the 8.30pm fireworks... and the weather was so great at 13 18c. It wasn't very crowded perhaps cos many of the mainland Chinese have flocked to the one in Shanghai.
One day visit is ok for me esp my kids are all grown up they didn't take all the rides but i find the parade very nice. You must ride the Grizzly Gulch, it is the most exciting ride esp if you are looking for very fast and roller coaster ride but not extreme!
This is my first visit to Disneyland in the world.We visited on Tuesday and booked discounted tickets via klook.The park is always crowded so planning is mandatory as soon as you enter park.Try to get as early as possible like 10.30 ideally.Get a map from entrance and decide what attractions you would like to do first. There are 3 shows and plan your activities according to the show timing near to shows.The whole day you have to be up and running and remain active to finish most activities.Never miss mining car and roller coaster in Tomorrowland.Many activities in fantasy land are boring and overcrowded with children.Avoid if you can.Dont miss lion King show.
I booked a 2 days trip for end Nov. I heard a lot from friends that 1 day is good enough...but in reality, it has so many attractions, rides, shows and a paraphernalia of things to do.I am glad I booked a 2 days trip, because even if you get in at 10am and done by 8pm, you still will not even cover even 20% of the whole area. The queues on weekends can take up to 45 minutes...but then its popular like the parachute jumps.Even the shows are immensely popular! Never regret going and will take my kids to another Disney location.
The Parade in the afternoon and at night, and the fireworks are awesome, our whole family enjoyed Disneyland. Although we queued two hours to have photo with Mickey and Minnie Mouse, and food is pricey around 99hkd per head it is still worth it. Overall experience was magical
Quite disappointing! Everything is about queuing!! Not much characters is out to roam around. Queue to take pictures with one Mickey took us almost 2 hours. Disneyland should be the happiest place on earth but it become unhappy for us n the kids! If u been to the Disneyland in US, save ur time to do other stuff!
We had a wonderful first Disneyland experience in Hong Kong. We bought our tickets on Klook and arrived early from Sha tin, using the bus. The longest wait was 40 minutes towards the end of the day but when we first arrived there were a couple of rides we didn't need to queue at all for. Mummy liked the toy soldier tide best, Mr 5 liked the buzz light year shooting game, Mr 7 liked the star wars rollercoaster, dad liked the grizzly gulch rollercoaster and mystic manor was a family favourite.
Magical place good for all ages, think the park's content is just enough for one day to visit. Best to arrive first thing in the morning if you want to wait for less in line.
I've enjoyed the shops, shows and the place, however there's no many activities and games for adults
Great Park to visit. Wasn't so busy during off peak and on Thursday. Easy to get to using MTR but do have to walk a fair bit in before getting park tickets. Shows were the best thing as I am not one for rides anymore. Kids loved the rides and meeting characters.
Ah   who would come to HK with their kids and not go Disneyland? It's a must see for a family and while the rides are not so spectacular, my 4 year old seemed to have absolute a cracker of a time, especially the toy story land parachute ride. We loved the parade and also the fireworks as well. Because we went during christmas season, they even had artificial snow all over main street! Super time!The only thing I need to warn about is the food. Generally the meals here are extremely expensive. We had our lunch at the Explorer's Club Restaurant and it cost us almost HKD600 for just 3 sets. One set was around HKD180! And it was horrible food. We had our dinner at Plaza Inn and the food was a thousand times better and the the price more reasonable. So I advise to avoid the Explorer Club Restaurant and just go for the chinese restaurant at Plaza Inn. Not because we are chinese and like chinese food, but because Explorer is a rip off and the food taste like dirt. I dont know about the other restaurants.
Pricing of Hong Kong Disneyland from 16 December 2016 increased from original HK$539 to HK$589 adult; then chirdren's tickets increased from HK$385 to HK$419 whereas elderly ticket remains unchanged at HK$100. Personally not recommended, it costs already HK$1,597 if you are a family of 3 people. (2 adults and one child) plus. the food inside Disneyland is not cheap.
Tips :Come In Early   Opens at 10:30 AM. Even on a weekday, people have already flocked the gates of HK Disneyland. The queue can be very long Prepare for a Hot Sunny Day   As you queue, the hot sun will be shining on youPrepare when it rains   the opposite of getting sunnedPrepare for Long Walks   Choose a comfortable shoe. It is at least 3 kilometers from the MTR entrance to the end of the Park. Food And Drinks:When you think you will be on a long day in this resort, I recommend you buy the 3 in 1 food packages. You can choose the best meals at featured restaurants drinks included. Ot includes a bonus snack. Buying individual meals will cost you more.Bottled Water costs   HK$ 25 (US$ 3) per bottle, so you want to come prepared.Coffee : There is a Starbucks inside, same price as in any Starbucks in HKAvoid the HK$ 38 (US$ 5) Korean Squid Snack, smells good, taste just so soSouvenir Shops:When you bring children, prepare to shelf out $$$ on toys and ware. There are so many of these shops in almost every ride and attraction. You do not want to break a child's heart.Show Highlights:Daytime paradeNight ParadeFireworks
We've been to HK Disneyland several times and at my son's request we go back every year to celebrate his birthday. This time we took the baby brother as well.It's easy to reach by MTR which includes a great purpose built train that kids love.The park fee is not cheap allowing you enter to rides. There are some rides only suitable for holder bigger kids but those for younger ones are sufficient to keep them busy for the day.Lines can be significant. In our last visit the most we waited was 30 minutes which was ok.Near the attractions if you are lucky you'll find the action figures to greet kids and grownups (Buzz, Darth Vader, etc) Disney characters are also around.You can find several restaurants that get really busy and food is... fast food. Some more than others but in general, from the 3 I tried you will not remember the day because of the food.In general it's a nice family outing, particularly if you don't go during summer) despite being a bit expensive.
My husband is an avid fan of Disney theme parks. We have been fortunate enough to visit all of the parks except for Shanghai. Hong Kong has its charms, but it is difficult to compare it to the other, much larger parks. One day is plenty to do everything. In fact, we didn't need an entire day. We visited in July. Pros:   Mystic Manor and Grizzly Gulch, both are rides not found at other parks. They are well done and fun.   No crowds   no wait times  Location is easy to get toCons:  July is HOT in Hong Kong  Many of the restaurants and extra attractions were closed  Small
Was impressed with the cleanliness of the entire compound as it was very dirty when I was there 4 years ago. Kudos to the cleaning team!Very long queues for the rides as well as photo taking with the characters.The app wasn't very user friendly as I wasn't able to find the schedule of shows, etc. Overall kids love the place.
All that you would expect from a Disney World, but on a much smaller scale. Spending half a day here is enough. Well connected with public transport for just about HKG$30.00. Staff not as cheerfull and friendly as in sister parks in the US.
Let me preface this review by saying that I've been to Disneyworld in Florida more than a few times, and my review of Hong Kong Disneyland will be compared to what I'm familiar with in ways that may not be fair.We purchased the  Play and Dine  ticket online for $539 hkd, a special offer that includes a combo meal along with regular one day admission. When we went to pick up our tickets we were told that we did not qualify for the lunch voucher because we had booked the ticket from a Hong Kong IP address. There was nothing in the terms and conditions that excluded booking the ticket from a Hong Kong IP address. After a very unpleasant 15 minutes of arguing with guest services, we were finally given our lunch vouchers. The vouchers were good for up to a $139 hkd meal in either a standard or Deluxe Restaurant. I'll come back to this later in my review.Getting to Hong Kong Disneyland was really quite easy. We took the MTR from Jordan Road Station, with one transfer, finally arriving at Sunny Point. At Sunny Point you can catch the Disneyland train right to the park. Once you get off the train it's about a 10 minute walk to the entrance gate. So the trip is both convenient and pleasant. We have the Hong Kong octopus MTR card and it cost about $20 hkd for the entire trip, so its also affordable.Once inside the park the first thing we noticed was it is on a much smaller scale than Disney World in Florida. I would guess that the park is about 25% the size of Disney World. Knowing that the lines can get very long we immediately headed out to the most popular ride, Space Mountain. In Hong Kong, the ride is called  Hyperspace Mountain.  There were no lines and we were able to move through without any wait. To beat the crowds we proceeded from Space Mountain to the other more popular attractions namely, Grizzly Gulch roller coaster, Mystic Pointe, and the River cruise. Again we found no wait.After seeing the main attractions, we had lunch at the Explorers Club in Adventureland. The food was expensive, small portions, and of cafeteria quality. There were no lines and no problem finding a table to sit. The combo meal was $139 hkd.At 3 o'clock the parade came through. The Disney cast were able to keep everybody organized, with those closest to the street having to sit down so that the row behind them on the park benches could view the parade. This was a very nice touch.Overall the day was enjoyable, but if you're expecting a theme park similar to that found in the US you won't find it here. The attractions are on a much smaller scale, with a fraction of the detail that went into the park in Florida. Highly recommended.
Put your elder behavier down. Throw the stress away!! Be young again!!You will be full filled your children mind here by all Walt Disney's cartoons you grew up with.Gingerbread Latte Coffee at Market House Bakery is a nice start.There are many theme parks you should try. What I recommend are  Mickey & the Wondrous Book     Philhar Magic     Mystic Manor   I don't think  Space Mountain     is a good choice. It's too dark, too shake. You wouldn't see anything inside, just feel to be shaken. And you must try  Big Grizzly Runaway Mine Cars       . I am so sad not trying it because it's closed at that time.There are many cafes  restaurants. I have a dinner at Disney Land Plaza Inn Restaurant ($720 for 2 Included with exclusive view of fireworks*). The meals in the courses are Chinese style with a glass of Mocktail, Grape & Pineapple with Soda, which is soooooo good!!*A dinner course with the exclusive view of firework, they will bring you go to the zone at the middle of Mickey Mouse Circle for the fireworks show. I don't recommend it because another one will take a seat in front of you, and it's hard to watch the full screen of the show.
This was my second visit to this attraction and it only gets better.Traveled with my wife and it was priceless to see my wife's expressions who of course is another disney aficionado.We were able to cover majority of the attractions in a day but would recommend spending two days, especially if you are going with kids considering the time spent in queues to take pictures with the cast and to walk around to cover the park for rides.
This would be a great day out for 3   6 year olds if they had never been to an amusement park. Our 10 and 7 year old were not that excited about the place and I did expect a few more thrilling rides than there were. Hyperspace was good and at least you could get a time to return to ride rather than wait in the queue. Several of the rides were closed and the Ironman one hasn't opened yet. The boys enjoyed being on the Jedi Training and getting to fight Darth Vader but all in all when asked if they would like to go back they said  No .
There is so much to do and see for all ages. From the fantasy land for the little princess to the fast roller coasters for the older kids to the parades that excite all ages. Fantastic atmosphere full of fun
This was our second visit to the HK Disneyland with the main purpose to visit the new Star Wars attraction. Young kids enjoyed the Jedi training session but too bad there was age limit applied. However, my kids loved the rides and enjoyed themselves in the park especially in Tomorrowland (hyperspace mountain), Grizzily Gulch (runaway mine cars). We found that the staffs are generally friendly and proficient in English Mandarin. The park is well maintained and still magical! When I accidentally fell down and hurt my arm, the staff on site responded fast and sent me to the first aid room to receive medical treatment. The paramedics were nice and professional.
The tweenagers enjoyed the place very much. I am prone to motion sickness but was caught by the urges to go for the rides early and avoid the queues. It was not a smart move since I was giddy for most of the day after riding the Star Wars rollercoaster. The tweenagers complained of giddiness and heaving stomaches but in 10 minutes were ready for the flying saucer. The storybook show was really lovely, Tarzan tree house was fun. Had lunch at the halal restaurant  oversized servings and for Malaysians with our currency, it was ridiculously expensive. Similarly for the souvenirs, twice what we would have paid two years ago.The tweenagers went for other rides while I watched. I would have liked to see Lion story and paced myself for more rides. The parade was wonderful and the light show was spectacular, Disney characters lit. One day is not enough.
This was fantastic as I found the Disney Characters easily accessible to gain photos, although not as big as Disney Anaheim I though it was better and easier to get around as it's on a smaller scale than the States.You get there early and have the park to yourself it seems, great rides and a fantastic street with all the shops.The night parade was the highlight and comes with a great atmosphere.Everything is easily accessible and you can stay close at one of the Disney Hotels or just catch the train straight from the city.The Disney ride was also fantastic and enjoyed by the whole family.I can highly recommend it and would love to go back someday.
I have been to the original Disneyland in LA and also to Disney World in Florida and my wife has been to Disneyland Japan, but we both kept an open mind going to Disneyland Hong Kong, it would do no justice to Disneyland Hong Kong to make comparisons. That being said Disney HK is a good place to go with kids for sure, but ideally it should be done on a weekday unless you want lots of pain and go on a weekend. I can only imagine the waiting time in the rides on a weekend given the over all size of Disney HK. You have to spend a day here to get to ride all the rides for sure. I also suggest not doing this on a hot summer day, late November is good as it is sunny but cool. Getting to Disney HK is easy with lots of public transportation available so that is not a hassle at all.
take a child with you to see their excitement. I had my 4 yr old grandson to see how they enjoyed. there are any number of locations to spend the whole day. time passes to the night until the fireworks ending the show.
Do NOT take your toddler to Disneyworld. The lines for the very few baby rides disallow strollers and clearly not one of the designers has ever tried to stand in line for 40 minutes with a toddler! Apart from It's a Small Small World , the shows and rides are frightening, especially in   dventure land, so you are reduced to the Fantasyland area where there are two main rides, that are almost impossible to access. Surely strollers can be parked at the end of the queue and not at the beginning? Also impossible to shop as there were too few cashiers and no one to assist on the floor, forcing clients to save questions for the cashier, thereby delaying the lines even more as the cashier had to run around finding correct sizes etc.
I was speechless when I arrived, even when I had yet to enter the disneyland. The other tourists around me were yelling at the top of their voices in the mtr, totally oblivious to the fact that it was a shared space and it was one of the most headache inducing 15 min of my life. When we queued to enter, I was shoved and nobody seemed to care that they had pushed someone. I mean.. what's the rush if everyone got a ticket. The facilities were decent and I thought they would have been good if they attracted more civilised culture to the area. Toilets were beyond gross and wet. Food was decent, but I would rather fly to Japan for their Disneyland than fight it out with this bunch here.
I have been to Disneyland, Anaheim multiple times, plus also to Disneyworld, Florida twice. I was worried the HK Disneyland wasn't going to be up to standard or have the Disney feel I love, but I was wrong. It's really beautifully done. The MTR ride to the park started the Disney feel with Mickey windows in the train! The Christmas decorations were even more beautiful than in Anaheim last year. Sure, it's a smaller park but two new areas have recently been added and soon there will be a new Ironman attraction, which can't be built at the US parks due to franchising issues with Universal. Newer areas: Toy Story land   great for smaller children, and Mystic Manor   Glitter Gulch. The Mine train type ride (similar to Big Thunder Mountain) was fantastic and also had a backwards second! Mystic Manor is a cross between the Haunted Mansion and Indiana Jones. Food was typical of a Disney park. They were popping caramel corn all over the park so everywhere smelled like sweet caramel...lovely. The live shows were all excellent as was the afternoon parade and the fireworks. Unfortunately due to two spots of rain (literally two spots only) they cancelled the evening Paint the Night parade. Can highly recommend this park   also seniors over 65 only pay HKD 100 entry (about AUD 20.00) Nice for extended families.
Well , at first we were happy when we arrive at disney station, but when we get up to the main gate, it was SO HOT! We did not prepare for the sun heat. The rides was ok , the food and drink was so pricey. I thought sleeping beauty castle was bigger and higher. Toilet smells urinate. Its better that people to go to Parus, or US disney to experience better park.
Much smaller than Anaheim but a must see. The majority of the part attractions differ which makes it a bit interesting. I have been here many times and have seen it grown steadily over the years. Area called Grizzly Gulch is really cool. My favorite ride is a fast mountain coaster called Big Grizzley Mountain Mine Car. Super fun!! Compared to America's Disney parks you will find only a quarter of the crowd and at low cost, but it's a bargain. Don't expect to see western food her
I wanted to visit this place for a while now, finally I had the opportunity to visit it and I can say that I was quite pleased. Before I came here, my friends said that this disneyland is small compared to other disneyland. But I think that there is a lot to do and I did not cover even half of it in the whole day I was there.As soon as I entered the park, I saw the train ride. It takes you from one station to the other. I did not do any rides as there were lots of big queues for them. I thought that the shows here are what sets disneyland apart from other theme parks, so I aimed at watching as many shows as possible. If you had time to watch two shows then watch the Lion King show and Mickey's wonderous story (they are both musicals). They are a sight to behold. There is also a parade at 3.30pm and another at 7.30pm. Both are definitely worth seeing. The magical day ended with a fireworks show outside the castle at 9pm.The people are very helpful in Disneyland and if you need help they will go the extra mile to make sure you are comfortable. Before entering the park you have to go through a security check where they make sure you are not carrying any food with you. They prefer you eat their overpriced and greasy food inside the park. There are a lot of greasy and sugary options in there. Not a lot of healthy options and basically no vegetarian options other than potato chips. While they have done well with the shows and customer service, they have a long way to go in terms of food.
I had some time off and had squezeed on my schedulle to visit Disney ... i'm a big fan.Here we are talking about a samll version of Magic Kingdom   Orlando's amusement park ... woth the trip ,,, you will have a great time ...
We took the MTR to Sunny Bay station then caught the Disneyland train (make sure you purchase a ticket for this part of the journey). The train has Mickey Mouse shaped windows and statues of Disney characters. It's a great way to start the day. We visited on a Tuesday and arrived just before 10am. There was only one couple in front of us purchasing tickets so we didn't have to wait. We bought two day passes as we knew we'd need more than one day to see most things. Although you're inside the park they don't open the 'worlds' until 10:30am. We started with a couple of the rides and only had to wait a maximum of 10 minutes. No need to get the fast passes for the Hyperspace Mountain ride but it's still worth getting them in case it gets busy later. We saw the Lion King stage show which was excellent. The park offers plenty of different dining options. The food quality was OK but overpriced for what they served. Don't take your own food though as they'll confiscate it before you enter the park. There's lots of different retail outlets selling everything Disney but make sure you're prepared for the high prices. The mine cart ride at Grizzly Gulch is the fastest and most exciting ride. We re visited two days later in the afternoon after spending the morning at the cable car (they're on the same MTR line and one station from each other). We did most of the rides again, more shopping and stayed for the night parade. I didn't think that would impress me but it was worth staying for. As part of the Christmas theme they had fake snow falling from some of the roofs on Main Street which was a nice touch. We decided to beat the crowds and left before the fireworks at 8pm (seen one firework and seen them all!). This turned out to be a good move as the Disney train was only half full and everyone got a seat. The MTR back into Hong Kong was very busy both days. The Ironman ride was still under construction and the RC Racer ride was under repair (December 2016). If you want to go on the circular train ride the last train runs at 4pm (as we discovered at 4:01pm). Plenty of things to do for the young and young at heart.
There's a reason why Disney parks are considered a must see of every destination where they are present, and Hong Kong's Disneyland is among the best I've gone to. It's very accessible via the MTR, the place is in a cool part of Hong Kong, surrounded by mountains. The staff are friendly and efficient and can understand English. It's really really magical. Oh! Never miss the mango pudding. So good.
Completed all the rides within a day. There are 7 Small themed park and the most  exciting  ride would be  Runaway Mine Car . Those popular rides that you could get a FastPass wasn't needed during our weekday trip.    Must do   all performances and parades are excellent!! Mickey & the Wondurous Book, especially Festival of The Lion King(amazing production), and please stay back for the fireworks(best place to watch fireworks and story projection will be in front of the Sleeping Beauty Castle). Go for your desired rides first while scheduling performances in between. Leave those common rides to last.    Mustn't do   Go ladies' toilets(will be Long queue) after parades or fireworks. Check out counters for gift shops also fully packed by then too.    Best mode of transport to Disneyland   MTR (simple & economical). Do buy an Octopus cards that could store value and refund balanced amount including card deposit (but will charge a small admin fee) upon leaving HK at airport train station.    English are commonly used even for performance.     Food wasn't reasonably cheap   eg candy floss goes approx. USD4. You are not allowed to BYO food.    Some rides have height restriction but generally all rides are kid friendly.    Selfie stick or monopod are not allowed.    Even the most timid person could enjoyed most of the rides. Waiting for new attraction Ironman in Jan2017.We had visited twice and frankly it needs more themed attractions and expand those existing ones else it's going to lose visitors to Ocean Park.On the other hand, we do enjoyed the performances and shows... so don't miss it!
Disneyland Hong Kong is a very small park compared the ones in the U.S. , very crowded and with very long queues for each attraction.
We went yesterday 8 12 16 and had a great time. We have no children so thirty something couple had a blast.We went on all the popular rides and there only was a few mins weight to get on.We arrive at ten am. We got the train which was super easy to navigate.Had lunch at one of restaurants out there we went for Asian food about $50 for two main meals. Good value and food was good.
My partner and I did this Disneyland in one day and it was perfect for us we got to do and see almost everything, however for a family or avid fan who wants to meet characters and go to all the shops I would suggest doing it in two days. We did go on a weekday so I understand not all of the food places were open but it was very very hard to find food that suited everyone that wasn't extremely expensive. We got a snack from a stand around mid day but didn't find somewhere to have a proper meal until about 6:45pm, in tomorrow land where they had a diner well priced and had western food. Going on a Wednesday was perfect there was hardly any lines I think the longest we waited was 15minutes for Winnie the Pooh.We loved our day and would go back again for sure!
Family friendly theme park that needs no further instruction. It's a good size though the iconic castle is rather small ish compared to Tokyo Disneyland's, but it's really not a problem. Quality rides with a good queue system   really helps with queue cutting attempts from some park visitors. Service wise, more consistent service and enthusiasm can be had from all cast members. There seems to be a lack of happiness and smiles are not that forthcoming. Not really the happiest place on earth I guess.I went with a 1 and 3 year old, and would appreciate more baby care rooms. I found only one there.
It was a fun day at HK Disneyland. They had lighting of the Christmas tree when we visited and they even let us experience snow! There were a lot of Disney merchandise as usual. They also sold Mickey Mouse pancake which was cute. The line to have a picture with Mickey Minnie Mouse and Donald Daisy Duck and Tigger Sofia the Princess was tooooo long that we had to content ourselves with photobombing them hehe we didnt try the rides at all as that was not our thing. The place is accessible by mtr.
I had a 24 hour layover and decided to check it out! It is convenient from the airport, and there is also a luggage valet service so you can check your bags before entering the park. The park is rather small, as I have been to Disney World a couple times, it is MUCH smaller! I was able to quickly walk through all of the areas (I skipped it's a small world, been there  done that!) in just 90 minutes!!! I also got there shortly after they opened on a Monday, so it was not super busy which was great. It cost about $70 USD, and if I had been there all day, it would have been a fair value. There were a couple restaurants closed and a couple rides closed, that's why I gave it 4 stars. The rides I decided to go on, I had a mere 5 minute wait, which was great, no need for the Express Pass! Most of the princesses characters had no more then 15 minutes wait time, some I were able to just walk up to and get a photo that quick!! The longest line was at opening for photos with Holiday Mickey and Minnie  I would guess it would have been about an hour. For those who have been to DisneyWorld  the main Castle here is Sleeping Beauty's, so it's MUCH smaller. Also, TomorrowLand is MUCH smaller as well. There is also a Main St USA, so it has a lot of familiarity! Overall it was a great experience, just wish all of the rides had been open!!
While it isn't Disney world in Orlando, there aren't any long lines and you can do everything in one day. MTR and Disney train were easy to use so getting there was easy (long ride from Kowloon, but easy). Has all the Disney attractions with less hassle. A great way to spend a day.
The last parade is a spectacular light and sound show. With the characters the magic of Disney is rekindled which was somewhat lost in the day. The new Star Wars hyperspace mountain is impressive. I shall not spoil the fun for you. We like the grizzly bear roller coaster the most. It's filled with more surprises.
We had a magical day with our 3 year old daughter who was ecstatic to meet the princesses in real life! One day is totally enough to cover the entire park which isn't so big. The food wasn't good and it was very expensive!!! Recommend bringing your own. Definitely recommended to stay intil it gets dark and see the park in the dark and also don't miss the parade with lights in the evening!!! Amazing!
We bought the 2 day tickets to Disneyland and glad that we did. 1 day is spent on familiarizing ourselves with the area, watching parades, shows and taking photos with the characters. The next day is spent on the rides and we got to ride on all rides. We watched the fireworks on both days.We went straight to Fantasyland on our 2nd day, so as to avoid the queue for Dumbo. Took Dumbo first. Then Winnie the Pooh; both of which are very popular rides at Disneyland HK. Prayer room can be found beside the toilet at Mystic Point. The Explorer's Club at Mystic Point also serves Halal food.We bought a snow white dress for our little girl at the shop at Fantasyland. Silvercard members got 40% discount for Disneyland merchandise. We found it to be such a good deal to buy 1 magic access pass for a child, because we also could get discount for the Disneyland hotel.Our children always approached the Disneyland cast members for Disney stickers. The cast members are all friendly.
Dont Go unless you have a toddler with you, above 10 years kids get really bored here, the cartoon characters and rides are all mostly toddlers who get amazed looking at ferries and cartoon characters, if you are a group of adults I suggest go to Ocean Park
The rides are very much for the kids. The parades are to watch out for. One in the afternoon and one at night. Don't miss the night parade at 7pm! The streets fill up fast so you have to find a good spot 30minutes before the parade. The night parade is the most magical!It is very near the airport so you can go straight right after arrival but if you have luggages, it costs 100 hkd per luggage. Stroller rental costs pretty much the same. Be on your most comfortable shoes as there will be too much walking. There is no tram or bike rental that would help you through the walking... just the train that has 2 drop off on both ends of the park.. for the oldies, there are wheel chair available.
We booked the tickets online, but you will still need to queue up at the ticketing counter to redeem it (wondered why bother paying online if you can't save the time in the process?)The layout is similar to the rest of the Disneyland theme Parks. Girls enjoyed the Grizzliy bear ride (did 4X), Hyperdrive Space Moutain (2X), It's a small world, Dumbo, River Ride and Fireworks at the end of the day. There was also the snow at the Main Street in the evening. Overall a good day out, girls enjoyed themselves.
Tickets available on Klook help you skip ticket line. Just need to show voucher on phone. Highly recommended.We visited on a Wednesday which was not crowded. Do check weather forecasts to increase your chances of good weather.My main tip would be to ask any staff member you see (ANYONE!) for stickers. They have Star Wars, Frozen and many other kinds od characters  all free.Have fun!
After visiting Disneyland Paris and The Universal Studios in Singapore, Disneyland Hong Kong was not so great. The attractions are mainly for kids and even the 'most extreme' are never so exciting. Some of them were under maintenance and the 'soldier parachute' was still being tested at 12.00pm which is unacceptable for those who pay a 1 day ticket.The worst was Star Wars attraction which is basically nothing compared to the Transformers attraction at the Universal Studios. They only used some projections and lights, no high speed, no 3D or 4D effects!If you want to take a picture with Disney characters you have to queue for longtime..why don't they hire more staff to represent Disney characters and let them walk around so everybody can have the chance to take a pic?? At Disneyland Paris we took a lot of pics and the characters walked around at any time! I love Disney world but I think this Disneyland should definitely improve.
One day is not enough for Disneyland rides and other attractions better get a 2 day pass. Kids and myself too really enjoyed Flights of fantasy parade at 3pm and Disney paint the night at 7pm! Disney in the stars fireworks at 8pm is magical.
It was our first Disney experience and it was magical as always dreamed. All the shows are amazing with perfection specially the final one with the fire crackers and lighting around the castle. Too much to cover for a day!
Took our young family to visit the magic kingdom in Hong Kong. I think went during off peak season so everything was just right. Queues to the rides were minimal, so the kids were able to go multiple times on their favourite ride. Recommend you get a lunch meal plan as this incorporates some savings. Will go again. Although it is the smallest Disneyland it is perfect for small kids who are on their feet the entire day.
As an avid Disney fan, I was very disappointed primarily by the size of this small park (compared to the US EU parks). Other than the size, same superb quality
I finally made it to a Disney attraction after 43 years and thankfully nephew and niece made it fun. It was a fun day out and wish we had longer to take in more. The only downside is the price. Overpriced entrance fee and food was way too expensive,   23 for burger, chips and deeps fried prawns with chips. Mc Donald's make a better burger for a fraction of the price.
Great day out with the kids...very much for the kids. Many many rides and activities. Finished the day with Disney character parade which is a must for the kids. Probably worth to bring your own lunch as the lines and quality of food is below par. Definately worth the trip!
Super jam pack season, December 2016, All the carton Character Wearing red costume. In festive mood. My advise for parents are hold your kids hand don't loss sight of your love ones. The Theme park is so big and crowded. Foods are expensive. Drinks are super expensive HK$ 35 for 325ml Coke. Jedi Performance is must watch. Don't try the Space Roller coaster, you will regret ha ha... my heart is almost thrown out. Face turn pale and hair stand up. Don't try if you have high blood.
Avoid rush, reach early and directly go to the best rides.   I would rate ToyStory ride (in tomorrowland) the best. There are some amazing roller coaster rides for the brave hearts too,
Comparing experiences from Paris and Tokyo Disneyland:Atmosphere is duller compared to Paris and Tokyo. It would be nice to be able to see a list of all the character meet and greets somewhere on the website. Go on a non public holiday, school holiday to miss the crowds. We went during the week on a Thursday, rides were also abit of a wait (30 1hr) For a family with a toddler this is hard. There is a fastpass but with a toddler only 2 of these rides are applicable.It was warm, there were little shade for some of the rides when queuing up. Ended up only going on 4 rides as we wanted to see the parade at 3pm and some of the theatre shows. One of the theatre shows was half Cantonese and half English. Micky speaking Cantonese just doesn't cut it for me. Maybe for some it might.Shops and Disney paraphilia is good. I'm a bit shocked at the lack of beautiful Christmas decorations on sale, it was a little depressing to see that compared to our visit at the same time in December to Paris, where there were walls of beautiful Christmas decorations.Cons:UHT milk on sale at some food vendors but not coldFood is not tasty, a little disgusting compared to typical foods you can get in Hong Kong. it was also expensive for what you get.
Having been to other Disneyland locations  HK Disneyland is great for young kids but not preteens or teens. There are 4 exciting rides   of which 2 were closed for renovation. Many things were closed such as restaurants and eating stands. And the facility is old. The merchandise here is fairly boring and repetitive. Shows are highly recommended though  and worth watching (regardless of age). Food is decent. And take note of the hoards of tourists   as they might get rowdy during parades and closing time. Parades are really fun to watch and the staff are generally quite friendly and helpful. Would not recommend  it's a small world   don't bother and visit other parts of the theme park instead.
Most rides are for young child, great for family with kids. Teenagers may be disappointed.Crowd have lessen compared to last visits 2 3 years ago. Night parade was nice. There was also fireworks at the end of the day. Download Disney app to know waiting time for each ride and free wifi is available at most area within the disneyland
all the hype you hear about Disneyland, I was disappointed, maybe because its not the biggest Disneyland in the world, I was expecting a lot more rides and activities, but I did cross it off my bucket list, and what was there was good and enjoyable
First visit to disney hong kong with my young kids and parents.The atmosphere does seem abit lacking as compared to disney tokyo probably due to the scale of the theme park. On the positive note queues for rides are fast in theme parks terms (no more than 10mins wait for rides during my visit) hence we get to experience all the attractions we wanted to during the visit. Weather was fantastic too.On the negative aspect will probably be the quality of the food. Food quality was pretty bad considering what we paid for thuo the serving was big.Taxi is easily available when we left at around 5.30pm as compared to the older theme park in hong kong.
It was my first time out of the country and went to Hongkong. Of course, Disneyland was one of the places to go. I felt like a kid again! The shows were superb and awesome! The rides were exhilarating! Wasn't able to witness the parade of Disney princesses though :( But stayed til the end for the fireworks and it was magical! So worth it!
This is my first time @ hong kong i visited Disneyland i travel from tsim tisa tusi station to disneyland only single time exchange
Easy to get to you must stay for the parade  the food was good mainly for kids under 12 yo Go to Ocean Park its great for the whole family
I went to the Disney world in Tokyo and LA., which you can stay few days for these two, but for the Hong Kong one, sorry to tell you that you can finish it in 3 to 4 hours. It is extremely small and the worst is the Cinderella castle, they scare it down to a smaller scale which make it looks really ridiculous. If you had never been to a Disney world, well you can give it a go, but if you tried other Disney world, don't bother and go to ocean park please
After our arrival in Hong Kong, we went to Disneyland and it was a nice experience. We arrived there at 11am and did all attraction until 6pm. For groups it is perfect, even when the amount of thrilling attractions is not too huge, beside the 2 rollercoasters there are only a few other funny attractions. For kids it is perfect and they will really enjoy it. There are a lot of attractions for kids and it is totally worth it, to check out the promotions online, before you go there.
it is our 4th time to visit disneyland but first time bringing an infant. the parks gets improvement everytime we visit along with the increasing price for food. it is a bit expensive and the water sold is  mineral  i was unable to find distilled water for my infant inside the park.
Great place to spend a day if you have a little more time in HK (we were there for 10 days). This is a small Disney park compared to the others round the world; it still offers all the usual Disney fun... but without the masses of people and huge queues. We had a great day.
This is a fantastic resort to stay especially if you wish to visit the HK Disneyland. The rooms are awesome, they were set up with Mickey Mouse and balloons when we checked in. Try to book a room on the higher floor to get better view. Also try to request ocean view rooms. The breakfast spread is awesome and the experience itself is amazing with disney characters like mickey mouse visiting your table and entertaining your kids. The resort is nevertheless away from the city so not ideal if you want to visit attractions in the city as well, although there is a shuttle bus that connects with the MTR station in the HK disneyland. If you are at the resort, consider spending all that time in the resort itself and visiting Disneyland, then move to the city for another night or two. There are no shops   cafes   restaurants near the resort so the only lunch   dinner options are within the resort and the food is very expensive in the resort, so keep that in mind when you plan the travel.
We had a great day at Disneyland. It was my wife's birthday and we were treated well.  The staff are very friendly and welcoming. The park still looks new and is spotlessly clean.  Highly recommend Disneyland HK.
Very easy to get to using public transport. We went there on a Monday, Halloween and thought that it would be very busy. However it wasn't too bad. Getting there was super easy, just a couple of train rides and you're at Disneyland Station. We got there a little after 12pm and still had plenty of time to do all the things we wanted to do.The lines were pretty quick, the longest time we waited was about 30min for Mystic Manor as they had technical issues for most of the day, so when it did re open everyone wanted to go on it. But it was worth the wait, different from the other rides I've been on. Download the app as it will shows you with the wait times for the lines and help you plan your day better. Even though we got there a little later in the day, we were able to go on all the rides we wanted to, got to watch the shows and parades and had a very leisurely day. No running around trying to fit it all in, so going on a weekday was a great idea. We stuck around until the fireworks, which were amazing!The only thing I wasn't a fan of was the cost of the food! Very expensive, but then again most attractions are.
We first visited on a Friday afternoon and pretty much walked on all the big coaster rides. Grizzly Gulch was fantastic and we really enjoyed Mystic Manor. The night time parade was lovely and the fireworks fantastic. We found the cast members pretty friendly. The Lion King show was spectacular. We returned on Sunday and naturally it was much busier but we still rode Spacemountain and met R2D2. The rides for the young children seemed very long   we were lucky to go on the Pooh ride on Fri night after the fireworks which enabled us to only wait 15 mins. It is pretty much shoulder to shoulder here on a busy day and the shops are insane ! I don't know where people get their money from to spend so much!! Lol. We have visited Disneyland and Disneyworld in the USA and of course HK is much smaller but it was fascinating to visit a diff Disney all the same, especially an Asian one.
Plan ahead. Watch the 3 and 7 pm parade. Get a two day pass. 1 day is not enough to watch and do all the rides and show.
We lucked out as the day we decided to visit the park the weather was gorgeous. I picked up a one day pass for everyone online so it was one less line to deal with at the park.Getting there, the hotel staff recommended we just take a taxi as prices seem to be under control and it was a lot less hassle. We took their advice and getting there involved zero stress or guesswork. From Kowloon to the park was just under 200 HKD.We were dropped off very close to the main gate and while making your way to the ticket counters you will have a chance for some photos. We got there about 11:30 and it seemed many people had the same idea even though the park is supposed to be open at 10am.First checkpoint was a security check for bags. Besides the obvious things they look for they also search for selfie sticks (monopods) as they are banned in the park. While we are on that subject, make sure you bring a phone charger or extra batteries. You will be taking loads of photos and video. Bring more than one picture taking advice as murphys law will dictate that the single unit you bring will have issues.Once past security we made it to the line to transfer your online tickets for real tickets. While in line we got to watch a number of folks having arguments with the security personnel about what they could bring in.Tickets in hand we made it inside and the first thing we see is the train station. The train will depart the entrance and go non stop to the top of the park and you will have to disembark. If you enter the train at the top of the park you will get a one way ride back top the entrance and again forced to disembark. Knowing what this train does can help you plan your park excursion.There were three major events we enjoyed. The Parade at 3pm another parade at 7pm and the fireworks at 8pm. These are must see events that just about everyone will enjoy. Get to the parade route along the  main street  area and get your  seat  on the curb at least half an hour early if you want front row action. The fireworks will be held at the castle so try and get positioned front and center to the castle to really enjoy that one.Another tip. Many of the disney cast and characters will set up photo opportunities at  random  times in appropriate places such as Alice by the teacup ride. This is a great opportunity for folks to get pictures with their favorite toons. Please keep in mind the toons need breaks and frequently we found ourselves in a line without a toon as the staff did a poor job in some instances to let the queue know who would actually be last so prepare for disappointment. Supposedly the toons take breaks from 15 30 minutes so if you time it right you can catch them again as they set up.If you are very pleasant and have a genuinely friendly outward demeanor, you may be able to convince some of the random  cast members  walking through the park to take photos with you. Even the people who play toons that are not famous still enjoy the opportunity to take photos with guests. Ask nicely and you can get some great opportunities. Another unknown bonus that was available are the free disney stickers that many toons, cast members and park staff will pass out. Even people working in the stores will have stickers to hand out. Again be nice and you will most likely be rewarded with a sticker.One oddity that we discovered were the Disney girls who seem to visit the park frequently, dress up and constantly pose all over the park for selfies (using smuggled selfie sticks). We are not sure if it is just a thing or if they are hoping to find the future Mr. Right. The ladies are friendly and pose no issues.We picked the month of November for the perfect weather and a regular day of the week to avoid school crowds. Our waits in line were rarely more than five minutes and we never really broke sweats due to the nice weather. Keep in mind this is still typhoon season in asia so you could face some rains. Give your self a few days to get lucky or plan to get a little wet. We think you will still have fun.OK the park and rides themselves are fantastic. I am not going to do a rundown of the sections or rides. I will say the roller coaster in the back by the mining operations was awesome. The Alice Tea cups are always a favorite. It's a small world boat ride is a winner. We also did what I believe was the raft ferry across the river to visit the tree house ala Tarzan. Back in the day it would have been Swiss Family Robinson. The Tarzan area does have some interactive activities and great photo opportunities.There is food and shopping everywhere. Shopping is all overpriced. There is no getting around that. Food in Hong Kong itself can be pricey but in the park even more so. I will have to recommend you avoid the fast food garbage like hamburgers and hot dogs and stick with water and real food. Sticking with the healthy option will likely help improve your chances for a pleasant day. When the fireworks are over, the staff will gently guide you out of the park. If your quick and nimble you can skirt your way past many of the visitors as they tend to lollygag on their way out. We did the beeline, avoided the subway train tour busses and were first in line for a cab. No waiting. We had a wonderful time and the staff was awesome despite dealing with a remarkably high number of ill mannered guests. These same guests will pose a challenge to your patience as well. It will not take you long to figure out who to avoid. Have patience as some cultures have an unusual view towards public politeness, manners and courtesy. Other than these few obstacles the park is wonderful and I wish to thank the Disney leadership for making it such a smooth running operation.
We were debating if we should use the last day of our holiday for Disneyland and so glad we did. If you like Disney, even if you have been to the other parks, you will probably have a good time. (We have been to Disneyland in California, Florida and Tokyo. And, we had a really fun day at Hong Kong Disneyland). If you have been to a Disney park before, one full day is enough. We were there for 7 hours and did pretty much everything we wanted to. (Would have liked to stay longer for fireworks, etc., but had a flight to catch). We went on Sunday, November 27, a sunny day, and the lines were not bad. Compared to lines at other Disney parks, these lines are pretty short. (Fast Pass only for Winnie the Pooh and Hyperspace Mountain). But, you need to plan your time.We checked in and left our luggage for the Airport Express station in Kowloon, went to the park on the MTR and then straight to the airport on the MTR. Only took about 40 minutes from when we walked out the gate to when we walked in to the airport.While similar to other Disney parks, it has it's own special things. The Festival of the Lion King Show was excellent.Mystic Point is unique. Grizzley Gulch Mine Cars was unexpectedly good.There are discounts available, so purchase in advance. We booked on Klook and got 10% off. Also saves waiting to buy tickets.
Super time spent with family. Tickets were pre booked (advisable for all tourists else there are long queues for tickets). Be prepared for long walks....can be tiring but its very well maintained and has a nice touch to it. Kids will freak out on all the fun activities...plenty of options for snacks and meals. A bit over priced though !!! You may want to carry your own snacks. Carry plenty of water.
I didn't expect it to be expensive but its one of those you wouldn't mind paying for.I was early. And it was awesome to see Mickey n Minnie greeting the guests before the gates opened.The attractions were really nice. I took the Jungle River tour. It was amazing to see the guides really going all out to get the guests into the jungle element and feel.There were a few attractions under construction or not opened but it was still great.
My daughters are enjoying themselves in the park. Too many people and the queue are too long. Not change to take photo with Mickey and Elsa. however, the girls really enjoy themselves there. the fireworks is really wonderful and it is amazing. the parade is also wonderful.
Whether you are a kid or a kid at heart, it is always worth going to Disneyland. Tickets may be bought online or directly at the entrance for 1 day or 2 day visits. Download the MTR mobile app for easy navigation of which train connections to take. The Disney MTR ends right at the Disney entrance so there will be no long walks for you. I used UBER taxi going there then the MTR for a ride home. Have fun!
Great value for your dollar here as admission is about 1 4 of the cost of Disney parks in the USA. It is smaller than other Disney parks but not as crowded so we got to ride on every attraction with virtually no wait and as many times as we wanted. Kids loved the rides even though the new Ironman Experience hadn't opened when we were there. Not to miss!
A good tip is to get a two day ticket in advance as the queue at the park can be long. You have to be quick on your feat if you want to do this in one day. Check out the shows they are good. 3 big theatres. Take food with you as the meals are   10 each coke is   3. There is a bag search before entry for alcohol but normal drink and food are allowed. Stay for the night parade as this is worth it.
well enjoyed a lot from morning to evening like i always wished from my child hood for Disneyland than went to ocean park next day
It seems odd going there in a short sleeved T shirt to be greeted by Jingle Bells and various other Christmas songs, but this is a lovely Disney with very cheap for the over 65s.
Disneyland is not to be missed especially with kids. Be sure to take a stroller because there is plenty of walking and stroller parking outside the activity areas are available. It is best to take a 2 day pass if you have the time because to cover such a vast area in a day is not possible. The queues for photos with Mickey and Minnie are huge... You get a photo pass card wherein can log in online and view the photo and buy it (keep in mind till you dont buy u cannot even download the photo!) Its a small world ,  Winnie the pooh ,  Mystic manor  are the attractions i really enjoyed. Even the  Cinderella Carousel  was awesome. The queues are huge but the good part is that the wait time is displayed outside the ride so u can decide if u want to go or not.Try and go on a weekday because weekends are super crowded. The parades are beautiful and the firework display is also not to be missed. You can access Disneyland from Tung Chung MTR and also bus stop is there.If you staying in the Disney hotels then the shuttle bus goes every 5 7 minutes. Even if you but tickets in advance and get the soft copy, you still have to queue up at the ticketing counter to get the entry pass.Look out on the Disney website for deals and discounts... the one day pass is for 539 HKD and i got a deal of 599 HKD for a 2 day pass.. so do remember to check for offers.There are plenty of restaurants and gift shops. Only during rush hours standing in the billing line at gift shop is a pain!Overall an enjoyable activity and not to be missed even if you going without a kid!
It only has a fraction of the rides that other Disney parks have, but they do it well, and the shows were spectacular. You can probably do the park in 1 2 a day, but you will be missing out on a few attractions. If you are only interested in thrill rides, then not the thing for you, but it is, if you want the full disney experience.
I enjoy a lot there with my family and friends there many rides from extreme to mildPrade is the must see attraction of the parkpark have many food courts and restaurants and I like the food  It need full day to visit and enjoy it fully with family
You can sense the disney magic but if you've every been to other Disney Parks this is just a little guy.... limited number rides.  Not a multi day experience.  Glad I went... won't do it again.
First I must say I love Disney. Hong Kong Disney has the Disney feel and it wasn't crowded. This Disney park is very small and it caters to children 12 and under. There aren't any attractions for older children such as roller coasters and other fast rides. I walked around for 2 1 2 hours and rode the subway back to the hotel. I'm glad I went to Hong Kong Disney.
Its smaller than other Disney parks..but perfectly formed.I've been to Paris, Anaheim and Orlando and this was different but had plenty of disney magic.The ride on the MTR was the start with the ticket themed train, we visited just as the christmas season started and the tree lighting ceremony with snow was fabulous.Rounded off with the customary parade and fireworks..its a day which makes you feel good.
Very nice place for not only children but adults too. Be there before 10 am so that you can enjoy as much as you can. As it is impossible to see all the shows and rides in 1 day so for 1 day ticket people go as early as possible. If you have more time you can buy ticket for 2 days. The gates open by 10 am. Take one umbrella if possible on sunny days summer specially. Nov to March is the best time to visit. If you have small kids and before taking any ride (specially quicker ones)you are not sure of do check with the guards as they will not tell you anything without asking. The food is good if you are non veg (eat specially beef and pork) not much for vegetarians. The prices of food inside are quite high. But at the end of the day its worth(try their bakery). Do not miss these shows and rides mentioned   Mickey and wondrous show, Hyper Space mountain ride,festival of lion king, its a small world(specially for kids) jungle cruise last but not the least is the fireworks at 7:30 pm.
No words to describe the feeling.... A dream come true for my children. We lived a magical and fantasy life for 2 full days. Love you Disney Land. A must visit for all parents who love to see smiles on their children's face
First of all I must admit  I am a huge Disney Fan! I absolutely love DIsneyland. The beauty is in the details and you can tell there is so much passion involved in making the park. But I have been to other Disneyland and theme parks, and to be honest the HK one was a bit downer. Its small compared to others, less rides. Must visit for the Disney experience if you are a fan. The fireworks in the evening are spectacular. But otherwise, can give it a miss.
This Park ist much of Fun for one Day!! Go not on the Weekend,better Monday Thursday.For all Age and People.
Went to Disneyland Hong Kong again last November 2016. What can I say? There's just something about Disneyland that makes you feel like a kid again. Wife's eyes lit up as soon as the train to Disneyland arrived at the station.Let's begin with getting there. Getting to Hong Kong Disneyland is easy. Use the MTR. Just be prepared for a couple of train changes.For the tickets, we would recommend purchasing online to avoid the long queues. Just present the printed tickets or mobile vouchers at the turnstiles for a quick entrance.There are a couple of shows one shouldn't miss, the Festival of the Lion King and Mickey and the Wondrous Book. The production values for the Festival of the Lion King is awesome! Definitely worth a watch. Just be at the attraction 20 30 minutes before the show starts to get good seats.As for the rides, they were just okay. Not really that exciting. Understandably, most are geared for the younger kids.Food...lots of food venues. Most are catered for the Asian diet (rice, noodles, etc) but there are some Western dishes as well (burgers and steaks). Restaurants can get pretty crowded during lunch time so either eat early or late. Obviously, everything costs a lot more. A few dollars can be saved by buying a ticket with food package online.There are 2 parades, one at 3pm and the other at night. These are also cool. There was also a Christmas Tree lighting ceremony around 6pm. Mickey and the rest of the gang sang Christmas songs by the huge tree in Main Street.During our first trip years ago, a huge fireworks display would light up the sky around 8pm. This was accompanied by popular Disney tunes. Unfortunately, it rained a bit during our most recent stay so the show was cancelled.Disneyland Hong Kong does not compare to the other Disneylands. The park is smaller and the attractions are simpler. However, it's still an enjoyable experience for the kids and the kids at heart.By the way, avoid going during weekends and holidays. We went on a Friday and it wasn't so bad.Would we visit again? If it were just the wife and I, we'd probably skip it since we've already been there a couple of times. However, I'd take my son as soon as he's old enough to enjoy the place.
Found the place so in Disney! Give it a miss, go either to Japan Disney or Euro Disney which is amazing
Kids have a blast at disneyland.  Very well organised at all counters and all stalls.  The only minus is if you are a vegetarian, there is hardly anything you can eat. The veg pizza tastes bad.
I visited Hong Kong Disneyland on January 2016 with my daughter and sisters. This is my first time went to Disneyland and I love everything there. Well this is really a place  where adults can be child again..
This is an amazing place to spend a wonderful day. The train carriages to get you there were just beautiful. There were no long lines waiting to get in and the cost is very reasonable. The staff were very friendly but a few did not understand us. We spent all day there and stayed to see the night parade and fireworks which was well worth it. The night parade was even more spectacular than the afternoon one. There is an abundance of rides to choose from and everything is so colourful and clean. We went on a Tuesday and the children (and adults) no trouble at all getting onto all of the rides they wanted to. I think the children even went on some rides twice. Disneyland is not to be missed if you have children while in Hong Kong. A little tip   take water, the price they ask is ridiculously expensive. Places to eat are okay but nothing special.
Thought things would be a bit more dramatic, i.e. 'Disney', but it was a little low key. Not many bigger rides either but fine for our 2 year old. Worth going but doesn't beat Florida or Paris.
Beautiful place, beautiful living characters, great rides and staff on the rides were friendly   which is rare in the city. There were so many baby strollers. I've never seen such a massive stroller parking like that before.Many good deals at the Merchandise Stores. We bought a lot of stuff from three different stores. There was no problem at the two stores, but this one store: everytime we asked for 3 4 shirts in different sizes they ALWAYS brought the wrong ones. When we corrected they seem upset... Wow, If you can memorize it maybe try to write it down next time. Still from the same store: there were misunderstanding at the cashier since the staff didn't understand English well. We tried to tell them that we haven't got one of our item yet, they thought we wanted to buy one more item with discount (should buy 3 for discount). The 'Supervisor' was screaming a bit, and showing unfriendly gestures. She really lose it. When they finally understood, she just put the item into the bag without saying anything and still put on the unpleasant expression.If you can't be nice and friendly that's fine  we used to it after traditional market experience anyway   but at least be professional!
It's really the happiest place in Hong Kong. We enjoyed all the activities and all the attractions and all the shows. i suggest you wait until the last parade and the fireworks display. its really magical! 1 day is not enough to visit all the attractions due to the line cue but its worth it!
My first time to Disney here in Hong Kong. It was spotless and it was quiet thanks to the Disney in Shenzhen that opened. I would highly recommend this to anyone. the number of workers almost equal the number of visitors, absolutely no lines whatsoever, walked right onto each ride and was able to see the entire park in one day. Absolutely wonderful. I've been to the one in Florida and California and this was spectacular in comparison to them simply because there was no waiting and it's brand new.
It is amazing how dated and run down the Disney brand has become.  Having visited DL in Paris, Florida and California I can say with certainty that this is the least enjoyable. It laxks the sparkle that the others do and is quite jaded.
More like a big merchandising area with a few attractions for kids from 3 to 7 years. No real roller coaster, actually no attraction for people older than 12 at all. But my boys, 2 and 4, had fun. Queuing was OK, because it was off season. The rides mostly took les than 2 minutes, the time in between the rides was much longer... It wasn't painful, but if you expect a similar experience to european or US theme parks, then it is disappointing.
Much smaller than Florida or California or Paris. MUCH smaller with fewer rides. However in some ways that's a positive   it was not mobbed with people, there were good facilities for food and drink, plenty of places to sit and relax. Overall a pleasant day.
Favorite world for kids. Dream land must every child go to it. It's small Disney Land. Although, this doesn't change it's happy world for kids.
I have been to Hong Kong Disneyland with my family in last year. I remember that the weather of starting day was bad. However, we went to Hong Kong Disneyland in the second day. Fortunately, the weather of the second day was better. When we arrived there, we saw amazing thing which was a few of people in Hong Kong Disneyland. We argued that it was because of the weather. In this case, we played games faster. However, compare to Tokyo Disneyland, Hong Kong Disneyland is smaller, the equipment of Hong Kong Disneyland also is fewer, and the consumption between Hong Kong Disneyland and Tokyo Disneyland is the same. Although Hong Kong Disneyland is not as good as Tokyo Disneyland, there is also attracting me to go. It is because it is near to Macau, and has the same language. Recently, I saw the news that is about extending Hong Kong Disneyland. Therefore, I will go there one more time.
Of course there is another surprise. Eat half the breakfast may be a  good friend  to say hello to you. Super invincible can not resist their lovely appearance  incidentally, we return to Taiwan that day, breakfast is in our live Disney Hollywood hotel downstairs,  Mickey chef restaurant  dining. Their breakfast buffet is also very good drops! After eating, into the Disneyland Hello. Because the weather is not very good, so today 's tourists did not yesterday. Lucky should be the first stop is here, is located in the fantasy world of  Mitch Fantasia.  It is a 3D small theater. Not only the screen is realistic 3D, you can smell the aroma of cake and champagne, even my sense of smell are ultra slow to have smelled ah (moved). I suggest you do not sit too in front, in addition to halo will go outside to know my pains!Although the film is not long, but I personally feel very worth a look! Originally thought that the protagonist will be Mickey, did not think turned out to be Donald Duck !! This makes me break glasses ah!
Many China tourists everywhere..I went on a Hot & sunny day and the heat was almost unbearable with not much shelters around. Only go if u are a Disney fan or want to bring ur kids. Most of the rides are quite kiddy and family friendly. Be prepared to spend a full day there. Limited and expensive food choices compared to the rest of hk. Very touristy.
Too much to see in just one day. The filipino dancers are awesome and professional in the parade.  Excellent themed transportation to the front gate.
However I am not a Disney fans but I need to say that this place is full of excitement for me!! I enjoy the name of machine is Space Mountain(I am not sure). It's a indoor roller coaster which you need to wear a ''image'' glasses and played. In the evening they have fantasy firework and parade!! I've really enjoyed my vacation in Hong Kong Disneyland.
unexpectedly very hot in mid November. wasn't prepared. but because it was not peak season, still made the most of the day although there are rides which are under maintenance. the parades are a sight to see! the shows as well.
Not on the scale of Orlando but still plenty to do on a day's visit. It has the same magical atmosphere as Florida and an enjoyable day out for old, young and anyone in between.
The smallest Disneyland in the world.  Take the MTR Tung Chung Line is the most convenient way to the theme park.
We came to celebrate Halloween,we saw many kinds of different decorations.All places here full of Halloween atmosphere!We spent a lot of time here from 10:00 23:00 and watched all parades.Main street has many stores,we bought ears and souvenirs,and I bought my new friend Gelatoni ! But there are too much The Duffys there,less Winnie the Pooh or other classic figures.
I came to on Disneyland holiday, it's lots of people...we use long time for queue. It makes me feel crowded. But it is worth it and a good chance to dating with family,friends,partners and couples.Disneyland is very good for taking photo and the shop is so great, we can buy many souvenir. They are cute and funny. I buy some souvenir even though they are very expensive. Haha!!!One of the most amazing magic in the Disney park is a  talking trash can  in the world of tomorrow. It is cute!!I felt very romantic at night, because it will have a firework display, many people will see it before they left. It is very beautiful.It is a good place suitable for every age! Especially for the children, the will feel happy after they saw many kind of cartoon character. They can take a picture with them and they will very enjoyable.
Came on sunday Was expecting long queues, but guess the newly openwd shanghai disneyland has pulled the crowds away. Making the place more pleasant and less crowded. If compared to tokyo this place seems second to that. The sense of feeling in disneyland is lmited to the main street Elsewhwere for the other worlds, we feel like in just some theme park.
I have never visited HK Disneyland as a child but this year, I went there with my cousins and was surprised to feel like an actual child again for a day. The rides are excellent. Expect to fall in line though, because this is a favorite tourist destination especially for families traveling with kids. The food available around Disneyland could be a bit pricey as well, especially in the restaurants. But the meals are decent and there's a lot to choose from. I think a meal with rice is around 200 HKD. Do not leave before the parade and fireworks though. It won't be a full experience if you miss it. The shows are great too! This place is perfect for relaxation but could be very crowded on weekends.
My third time at Disney park but my first with my daughter and hubby. Reserved a Minnie Mouse cake at Plaza Inn for my daughter's 7th birthday and they even gave her gifts! Disney staff gave stickers! Advisable to get 2 day park ticket. One day is not enough to enjoy the park. The Star Wars ride was crazy!!! We totally enjoyed our birthdays at Disney park HK!
I absolutely love Disney and have been to Disney World Florida on many occasions. As we lived in HK we thought we would go to the local ..... We were quite disappointed as it is small and not that many great rides. Also though it was expensive. I guess we were spoilt with just how good the Florida one is .... I would save and go the the US instead....
The theme park is very nice all of the Disney characters are there. More over the place is clean and the park attendants are nice and friendly.
Great fun and a must see activity in Hong Kong.Suitable for all ages  Must attend all the shows (day and night)
Having visited Disneyland Florida many years ago I was expecting a similair experience.Unfortunately Disneyland Hong Kong felt dated, basic & underwhelming.The characters were very professional and my 6 yr old daughter was pleased.This is a place for children under 10 yrs old offering little for teenagers or adults to enjoy.80 percent of the food halls were closed on our visit and the two we ate in were a nightmare. Aweful food, truly terrible, expensive and unclean.
We had magical memories about this place. This is not just for kids but for adult too. Sadly, we didn't ride all the rides that was there because of long lines and we only have limited time. So we just rode the train that will let you see the whole disneyland. It was such a nice to remember
This place is a must visit for all, i emphasize on the must to tell all of you reading this review that this place is just wonderful. Staff were really friendly and mascots were all around so people did not have to run to different locations just to take a selfie with the mascot. The rides were perfect but the waiting time was a little too long. The shops were packed with so many souveneirs and plush toys. Restaurants would be as crowded and noisy but still i like the way they design their food with disney characters shaped meat. I would recommend Hong Kong disneyland too everybody visiting hong kong.
We went on Halloween weekend and saw the villain parades and the experiment ghost house (not in English but still fun). The park was quiet enough, especially in the morning, to go on the rides without queuing for longer than about 5 10 minutes, some had no queues at all.
great place but do not rely on the staff for any information as they seem confused some of them  and u can miss out on important events there.
I was traveling to HK on business and went to the park as a solo traveler. This is my first experience to a Disney park but I've been to Universal, Ferrari world, dream world etc. in comparison I thought this is more suitable for kids. Very few selective rides for adults. When you check the park map you see they have elaborated even little things like walk through snow whites castle, wishing well, fairy garden etc but actually there's nothing much to experience. I went there around 10 am and since I had e ticket my entry was easy. You have machines to get the ticket. By 3pm I had finished all different sections of the park and finished rides for adults. Hyperspace ride in tomorrow land and big grizzly mountain ride will give you adrenaline rush. Then there are some magical musical show with Mickey and few other like toy story parachutes fall. There's a ferry ride and visit to Tarzan's tree house which was so boring. I took adventure park boat ride and it is also recommended for kids. There's a train ride around the park which is good for you to get an idea of all attractions and how crowded they are. I couldn't do lion king concert since I had a flight to catch. At 3pm the parade started. It was short and only about 6 carriages and was over within 30 mins. I left after this but heard there are light shows in the night but I couldn't wait since I had a flight. But overall I thought you don't need full day for this park unless you have kids. You can either come at 10 and leave by 4 or come around 12 and stay back for night shows. It never extremely crowded. Queues were bearable. I went on a weekday so probably weekend could be different. I think this is good as a Disney theme park but it's very small so plan your day accordingly. Recommended for kids but not much for adults
We went to a 1 day pass at Hong Kong Disneyland and the place was sooo amazing' Colorful costumes, extravagant floats on parade, fun filled rides and you will definitely have a wonderful moment with your children. Ticket price  try to buy online and look for package promos to save more;You may compare tickets at Klook (download the app)Or AsiaTravel.comOr to Disneyland hong kong website itself;Tickets on d day   530hkd personWe got out own online tickets At only 489HKd ;) Food costs is a bit high' so i recommend to eat early lunch before coming in to save some expenses from food;The mickey waffle costs 50hkd(I kept the plastic mickey plate and use it as an extra food plate for our Dog) :) Transportation: We came from tsim sha tsui area' We took the MTR From Tsim sha tsui stationAlighted to central stationTransferred to yellow line and alighted to sunny bay then transferred to mickey mouse train ;) going to Disney ;)I suggest you to buy octopus cards at the airport when you arrived. 150hkd with a load of 100hkd and a refundable 50hkd when you surrender the octopus cards to the airport express station and save time than spending in crowded lines and hassle trips ;)It is better to go on a weekday to have the chance of having photos with mickey and minnie mouse ;)Bring umbrella   rain or shine you will enjoy still ;)Bring extra tshirts and towelette in case you need to freshen up'Get a map from the enteance to be able to know your itinerary for the day ;) and check the schedules for the day  parade, photo with disnet characters and fireworks ;)Operating hours:10:00am 8:30pmNo food and drinks allowed to bring inside the premises of hkdisney ;)The place is cool and sooo magical' see and enjoy the colorfuls photos of mine ;)
We went on a Friday and the park was practically empty until lunchtime.Castle is smaller and less imposing than Paris and Florida but in a very prefer backdrop.White knuckle rides are scarce but there are a couple that are good.The park is very very clean   cast members are friendly enough   not on the same scale as US cast members.Food is hopeless (same as all Disney parks)   overpriced and garbage but you know that before you go !Definitely worth a day there.
This theme park is amazing! DISNEYLAND. it has all the disney stuff you know and love aswel as all the characters and the new star wars areas and soon to open iron man experience. This is only a small park you will defiantly know the difference if you have ever been to florida disney. we went during the week and the lines were tiny it was great just walk on for all the rides! this is a must do if your in hong kong
We had a magical holiday at the hongkong disneyland. We stayed at the disney hollywood hotel. We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. The hotel is plush with all modern amenities. Very nice ambience. This hotel does not have room service. Hence all meals have to be taken at the hotel's resturants. There are 3 of them. Chef Mickey (buffet resturant) is the best and serves limited indian dishes. It is also very expensive. One meal for 2 adults and one child can cost around 950 hkd. For those who savour non vegetarian food, chef mickey is a delight....the non veg spread is quite elaborate. The breafast at chef mickey is more economical. The indian vegetarian options are limited at breakfast as well. Infact it is the same daal makhani, steam rice, laccha paratha combination that you can expect during breakfast, lunch as well as dinner at chef mickey. We had one breakfast and one dinner at chef mickey. We tried out 2 dinners and one lunch at studio lounge ( ala carte resturant) at hollywood hotel. It offered the same indian vegetarian dishes as chef mickey but at half the cost (for 2 adults and 1 child). Each meal cost us around 500hkd at studio lounge. One thing we must mention, the daal makhani preparation at the hotel is simply amazing. It tastes like it has been prepared by any of the good restaurants in india.We had breakfast at enchanted garden (located at hotel disney land which is about 1 km away from hollywood hotel) for 2 days. Enchanted garden has charecter dinning with goofy pluto and mickey of course (as against chef mickey which only had mickey). Breakfast at Enchanted garden is slightly expensive than chef mickey. The breakfast spread at both enchanted garden and chef mickey is good (indian vegetarian). Daal makhani was there ( at both breakfast venues)!!The hotel does not have a shuttle that goes from hollywood hotel to disneyland hotel (the shuttles go from disneyland hotel to hollywood hotel to disney park to disneyland hotel) abd hence we had to walk around 1 km on both the days. The walk was pleasant though but with a small child becomes very slow. Hence please keep 20 mins grace if you are walking from hollywood hotel to enchanted garden. Meeting disney charecters at enchanted gardens is an awesome experience. We enjoyed it a lot. All the 3 charecters were very good and posed for photographs. The staff at enchanted gardens was very helpful.The disney park was an amazing experience as well. We had taken 2 day tickets. Covered all the rides we liked. Our daughter (3.5 years old) enjoyed winnie the pooh, phillar magic, dumbo the elephant, parachute drop, lion king, river safari and skinky dog. Grizzly gulch is a thrilling ride and we will not recommend it for children below 5 years. It has lots of jerks twists and turns at high speed. But a very thrilling ride for adults.Loved the experience at disneyland hk
I visited with my wife after my son said to see the lion king show. We arrived just after 10am and after a bag check purchased tickets and went straight in . The park was everything you needed. Very clean lots of food choices and restrooms. My son was right the lion king show was awesome . As was the Mickeys story book. We stayed until the Christmas light turn on at 630pm .It was fantastic. We didn't stay for the fireworks because I was worn out . On leaving the park we noticed lots of people were just turning up. Probably for the fireworks. Hong Kong Disney is much smaller than Orlando but it was more enjoyable. All the staff in HK were excellent while the staff in Orlando seemed bored and rude.
We went to Disney with our 22 months granddaughter and her parents. We didn't go with any expectations as we understand from various review that there's no comparison with any other Disneys. It's good that we had this mindset because apart from the size of the park, there wasn't much Disney atmosphere. The exception was the parade which was one of the highlight. It shows that if they tried, they could capture the much needed Disney atmosphere. Anyhow, our granddaughter had a good time and that's good enough for us.
After 4 years, want to feel young again but this time we brought our 3 children along to feel the same way. Then it is really true.. Disneyland is the happiest place on Earth.        The rides specially Grizzly Bear, Mystic Manor, story about Mickey's Book, Tea cups, Winnie the Pooh and Toy Story's parachute are my favorites. We got the 2 day tickets so you can just imagine we watched twice the day & night parade plus the amazing castle during the fireworks display. In my next bucket list, I will visit this place again either in Tokyo or Shanghai.
when i come there on sunday, the crowd is manageable although to take picture with Micky and Mini at the main street still have to wait long enough, the food taste so much better than my last visit years ago
Still smaller than California and Tokyo so there's a chance to tour the whole park in one day. Be sure to watch The Lion King, go on the Jungle River Cruise and meet Star Wars characters. The Iron Man Marvel Experience is opening soon so that's another attraction to look forward to.
Great fun and at this time of the year (start of November) there were not that many queues. While this time of the year makes the weather perfect and the crowds much smaller, the open times are not long enough and ride that need a refurb are done at this time. The RC Racer was closed and the Autopia was gone, I assume to make room for the new Stark Ironman ride. Gates don't open until 10:30am and it closes at 7:30pm so it made it difficult to have dinner and continue on the rides.
We went here in the morning and stayed until nighttime and I highly recommend you do that too but if you have leisure time or more time, you could go there for two days and you can save on the tickets if you plan on staying there for long. I highly recommend you to visit this place because every corner of the place is picturesque. The only downside is that the place is very large and it gets a little tiring to walk around but it is worth it. I also advise you to bring a small bag so that it won't be hard for you to walk around. Don't forget to stay until evening so that you can catch the marvelous fireworks display at around 7:30 (Hongkong time).
Hong Kong Disneyland was my childhood which I really want to go. When I was young, the most exciting was hearing my family that wanted to take to visit and play Hong Kong Disneyland. In Hong Kong Disneyland, you can find that it was actually princess life. It was because that there are play an ancient house, roads and even had a castle. Additional, it also had the roller coaster, it was so exciting. However, Before, whether went to Hong Kong Disneyland that was determined by my family choice. But now, that was my choice. I would like to date my friends and nephew and niece to play. It was because that in my view, no matter adult or child, they still had right to play. According this view, in December 2015, I date my family to go Disney, the weather was great, sunshine when we started to play. However, it suddenly raining and brainstorm. Therefore, I suggest you that before you go Disney, you must check the weather conditions.
This Disneyland is smaller than the others but perfect for younger kids. Not too far to walk around. Lots of rides suitable for young kids. run and supervised. Go early on weekday and you won't have to queue too long for the rides. Also avoid local and Chinese school holidays. If you want to see the fireworks and you have young kids, i would suggest you get a 2 day pass, so you can go on separate days. We did that, and then upgraded to an annual pass and visited 4 times in one trip! Outside food,e.g. hot food, sandwiches, is not allowed. Snacks and water are OK. Bags are checked upon entry. There are plenty of dining options in the park, both Western and local foods
I came into the door of Disneyland with an exciting mood. We saw a small train station at first, and we boarded the train beginning the first half turn around the Disney to have a general understanding of the various attractions of the park. I was most impressed by the  flying over the Space Mountain , we took the spacecraft to travel space. I opened my eyes widely to see the stars and meteors when the spacecraft flys slowly at first. While the spacecraft to speed up and suddenly, a sharp turn, my mother and I were frightened, with head buried low.Disneyland is worthy of a world brand of paradise, her magic beauty is unparalleled. Using the paradise to describe it is more appropriate When night fell, people also refused to leave, because there is a fireworks show. The colorful fireworks to Disney shine even more magic, until eight o'clock in the evening, we reluctantly bid farewell to the park.
If you are going to HK then Disneyland is a must see. Even if you dont have kids. They have enough shows to keep everyone interested. The parades are amazing and so is the fireworks. The photos with the characters are sure to cheer up kids and also adults. The lion king show and the 3d movie is quite well done and entertaining. You would need more than one day to enjoy the park. If you can then book at one of the hotels in disneyland for a night and make use of their 2 day pass. would feel a bit expensive but is absolutely worth it. Considering the parks in AU you get half the entertainment for double the price.Our whole family enjoyed our time at Disneyland and came back with lots of happy shops and souvenirs. absolutely amazing.
We spent the whole day there and had no problem finding Halal food as there are few Halal restaurants within the Disneyland itself.We enjoyed the rides. There are many rides suitable for my toddlers for example the train ride that circulates the whole Disneyland.The parade was at about 4pm and we even had a chance take very good pictures as we were seated very near to the performers.The best part was the Fireworks display at 8pm sharp. It was about 45 min long and it was so beautiful and emotional and I was really moved by the songs that was played during the display.After the fireworks, there was snow falling down and it felt so real! My 2 toddlers played in the snow and had a blast!We had a great time!
A school holiday treat for my 5 years old Son and he had a blast today the only set back was my Son was exhausted by 4pm, I had a blast too..
Though we started early morning and stayed till closing fireworks one day trip wont be enough to cover all the attractions at Disneyland. The experience was pleasant but the summer is a bummer. Shows were all fabulous especially the 4D show , will be one of the best you experience. Should have more options for eating out as one is spending full day there.
Twas a great trip with nieces and 3 nephews .   Hongkong disneyland was enjoyable due to the Halloween atmosphere.    So much fun. The weather was good and not too sunny.
Went here with a friends kids .  Had a great day out with many different rides etc.Easy to get around and very easy to get to on Train.
A great place for kids  Nice and clean environment  Good food available and have halal option  Staff is friendly  Downside is to little mickey and friend statue.. and we need to queue with other adult. Should have special section for kids only.
This is my second time to Hong Kong Disneyland, although my visits have been about 10 years apart. My feeling about the park remains the same.You have to feel a bit bad for HKDL. It was, basically, built on the cheap with the expectation that people would come no matter what. And they didn't. Significant investment has been made but the fact remains that this is the only park around the world that doesn't have much going for it.While the place has changed much for the better since I went just after it opened, it's still a pretty small place. One day is more than enough time to explore this park   in fact, you may find yourself bored by the end of the day. The day we visited was incredibly quiet and we did almost everything in the park in about 6 hours. They have some new unique rides that are fun, but sadly most of the parks original rides are clones from other parks around the world making it the most bland Disney park on earth.Nevertheless, I still give it 4 stars. Cast members are happy and friendly, the place still has the Disney touch and it operates well as a whole. It's just never going to be Orlando, or Tokyo or even Shangai   it's brand new competitor due north. At the end of the day, however, Hong Kong Disneyland still offers some magic to everyone.
My fiancee and I visited Disneyland Hong Kong in June of 2016 and though it rained half of the day we had a great time. If you have been to Disneyland or Disneyworld in America your first reaction might be disappointment as the park is considerably smaller but if you remember to enjoy it for what it is you will have a great time. It is possible to see the whole park in one day and most of the major attractions are just like you will find in America (keep in mind that the whole city of Hong Kong takes up less room on a map than the Disneyworld park does). The lines were very short on all of the attractions the day that we were there and the train made it very convenient to get to and from the park. Of course we spent a small fortune in the gift shops. All in all I would say it was a very pleasant experience, just keep your expectations in line.
Mickey   s PhilharMagic, Jungle River Cruise,Festival of the Lion King, Mickey and the Wondrous Book are the must see must try activities! These are the ones that are suitable for the very young to the very old! Queues for rides are not too long on a weekday, about 20min. But do arrive early for the shows as they are very popular!I got my tickets in HotelinHongKong.net, which were cheaper than the normal priced tickets! Require to show the e ticket at the counter to exchange for physical ticket.
This is not my first time to Disneyland. I've been to the other older Disney when I was a kid. Now that I have my own kid, this Disney was the nearest to my hometown so I bring my toddler here. November is a good month to travel in HK, it was cool but sunny so it was really nice. Go during weekdays in low season like I did n there's less time you need to queu n more time to play. My toddler had a blast, everything was run professionally, the parade was okay. My toddler got picked up to dance with the fairies n she was so delighted. I prepared a Rapunzel costume for her to wear n she was beaming n feeling more princesslike during our time here. Why only 3 stars? During low season n weekdays so many of the restaurants n cafes are closed. So We are curbing our hunger with food fron the stalls such as hotdog, chicken leg, korean bbq squid n snacks like popcorn or mickey waffle. Not exactly the healthiest option but hey.. It is a vacation
Was expecting more fireworks from the whole Disney experience! Long queues with no premium passes to bypass them was a bummer.. also there were literally no live characters that the kids got a chance to see..they were soo disappointed!!! The parade was the saving grace.. what a visual treat it was, and we were glad we stayed back. Another plus and a hidden gem was the vegetarian Indian thali we chanced upon, as we were told theres very few veg option.. super happy to get decent Indian food.It needs better attractions, as most r ides felt repetitive in each zone.
Once you enter Disneyland each step is magical! You don't know where to look and where to go. You want to do everything. Best time to reach is by 10am as there are shorter queues for all rides and one can actually do more rides if you reach early. By noon its crowded and that means longer queue. If you are a fan I would think you will go mad :) but stay sane. There is food for everyone. The restaurants serve food from the globe even tandoori chicken . If you have a baby or small kid you can go to the office and hire a stroller. Kids will love it that way. It can be a bit hot so please take your shade and hats caps. If you have luggage and heading to airport post the visit you can store it at the office for 90hkd. Don't miss the Toy Story Land. Have fun!!!
There was actually very little there  a few of the Disney classics but not too much else. It was an interesting visit but didn't require a lot of time. Several attractions were closed during my visit.
6 adults and 2 kids had a great time. A full days entertainment. There are a few adult rides but mostly caters for the younger. The street parade day and night are well worth seeing. The MTR delivered us from our motel in Kowloon direct to a Disney on Lantau Island . So well thought out
Easy to get to via metro, this was a highlight of our trip. We so wanted to visit on a not too hot day, so we can enjoy the whole day there without frying in the HK heatWe got our wish, and the day was perfect in every way. Don't get talked into transport, hotel pick up, blah, blah, blah. Their train system is superb, easy to navigate, and cheap. Hardly any waiting, you can move smoothly between any train transits, and before you know it you are there. From Kowloon district to Disneyland takes around 25 mins. There are regular trains back to where you need to go also. The resort is meticulously clean, with many rides on offer, to suit all ages. Plenty of seating and shade on offer, food to suit all budgets, with little pop ups here and there where you can purchase souvenirs, drinks, popcorn, etc. Please note you will be searched as you enter the venue. And no food is allowed to be taken in. Water is allowed. The venue was quite small, around the same size as our (Oz) Movie World. I was expecting more of an interactive experience, however we both really enjoyed the whole day. It was their special Halloween night. We did not stay cos the crowds were swelling hugely! In summary affordable, plenty of souvenirs to fill your packs, great food and service, colourful, and some really good rides, and a whole lot cheaper than flying to the real deal in US. I guess it is a good thing that we have not visited any of the other Disneyland venues. Nothing to compare it too. For a family I feel it is quite affordable, in these economic times. And using the public transport system will save you even more, while providing you with another view of everyday life for the locals.
Visited on a Tuesday and the park was very quiet. We got onto everything we wanted within 20 minutes, amazing. Have been to lots of other Disneys and this one ranks as my favourite
So I'll preface my review by saying I grew up while WDW was being built and have been more times than I can remember. Likewise I've had the opportunity to go to Disneyland California 8 10 times over the years. And a few years back visited Disneyland Paris.... so you might say I'm a semi Disney park fan ; ). This visit actually was a half day out of a 3 day weekend in Hong Kong, to make it 4 of 5 of the parks I've been to. So the above isn't to brag or anything, but to help you understand my perspective on The HK version. Getting to the park via special Disney MTR train was cool. Not overdone, but a nice tough. The MTR station in HK Disney was also themed to get you into the mood. Walkway and engrave area slowly pulled you in. I went in November and the crowds were very manageable, imagine in summer it's horrific though, although they seem well sized for big crowds. General layout was very similar to the spoke and wheel of the other Disney parks Magic Kingdoms, but looping from Adventure land around to Fantasyland was where it was most different. It was also where it was the most fun. My favorite ride was their version of Thunder Mountian Railroad (Big Grizzly), with a couple of, we'll call them,  twists . It was awesome, road it twice. The other was lost akin to Haunted Mansion (Mystic Manor) which is actually better to me (ride it twice too). Missing was Pirates of the Caribbean, which I think is unique for this park. There is no New Orleans. Other missing items had just different themed ones instead. Overall the park felt smaller the either D Cal or D Paris, but may not be. I was able to do all the rides I cared to (skipped all the ones in Fantasy Land except one and it took me 4 hours. For sure with bigger crowds it would take longer, but it gives a sense of the size. The Castle in particular was quite small, once you walk through it felt like 4 steps and you were out he other side. Wasn't very tall either, a bit of a disappointment. Food was interesting for a guy from the States. While there were burgers and such to be found, most restaurants served a heavily Asian based fare, go figure... in Hong Kong In the end I was glad I went, but given the opportunity again, I'm not sure I would. It was neat once but too few great rides like it seems the other parks have. I'm not digging on D HK, it is based on my previous experiences as I mentioned previously. If you haven't been I absolutely suggest you go, you'll have a great, no Magical, time.
We just love Disneyland. Mickey & friends with costumes were very very cute       We'd love to come back
What can I say I loved my visit, it's great, just as magical as other Disney parks, although it's more cutesy then grand and over the top! I went on a week day, the crowds so small, I wait no more then ten min to get onto any ride. At first you may think there is not a lot to do,but it's definitely a full day, I was too relaxed thinking I'd have more time then attractions, but once I made a plan around the shows and parades, I was left scrambling and squeezing every second I had to finish the rides and eat! lol I have been to every Disney property, except the new one in China, I love the uniqueness of HK Disney, but I must confess I'm left wondering what's with the scale of the castle? It's a bit of a let down, it's very odd, still very pretty but it should be a highlight, it's almost lost, I wonder about how that design came to be! Thank You For a great experience!!
This would be a great disney experience for families with small children as there are lots of character photo ops and park is fairly compact.After visiting Disneyworld and Disneyland this was a bit of a let down. Very quiet and lacks the atmosphere of its American parks.Shopping is very limited and repetitive in every shop.
THE reason we visited Hong Kong and we were so glad to do so. Compared to the Flordia, California and even Tokyo DL this one is smaller but nevertheless the fun was unlimited. The property was very well maintained, directions were as usual pretty good. One weird thing was some shows were in Chinese which we found funny (no pun intended) as we were alien to the language and more than that the lines were coming out from Mickey and company. The Halloween parade was awesome and so were the Halloween themed fireworks (we went in October). We had a great time and will not loose an opportunity of visiting again. And best part was the connectivity to MTR   great planning!
Venue was easily accessible using the train system and travelling on the Disney train with Mickey Mouse shaped windows is great fun for all ages. A dozen or more rides are available covering all age groups and an amazing street parade with firework display occurs around 7.30pm each night. We (2 adults) spent a whole day there and had a ball. Great Disney merchandise available
Again I would say no need to do advance booking while you start travel from India... You get enough tickets available in online portals there with discounts... Evening light show is a must and is amazingly beautiful.... try jungle safari with kids , they will definitely enjoy... Personal advice  don't buy anything from here... its too costly.. same stuff available at airport and other places in the city and a much discounted rate... I purchased t shirts for my kid but not worth the money... If you have visited Universal studio you might not find visiting this place worth the money and effort... restaurants inside are very very costly.. try bakeries instead...
It is accessible by MTR, bus, car from the city, and is located in a quiet spot away from the hustle and bustle of the city. It duplicates the buildings, decorations, garden and theme parks of the Disney World, but on a smaller scale. The attractions are good for tourists in Hong Kong and from mainland China. There is a Disney hotel close by and a very nice restaurant.
If you are a traveler with only few days to spend in Hong Kong and if you ever been to Disneyland in other country, there is basically no reason for you to waste a day here.Disneyland Hong Kong is small... so small that on weekdays, if you arrived when the park opens, you can basically finish most of the best ride before noon. Sure, the shows are good (Lion King is still one of the best show) but there is just nothing special that makes you want to stay anytime longer. With the recent price increase, I do not think is a worth the time and money to visit. (I think the money is better spend on foods in Hong Kong)
This was a great way to spend a day. Not as exciting as it's America counterpart, not really exhilarating rides here. There are a few good rides. Not as big as the USA Disney land. No need for lockers as you can take you belongings with you.
As far as disney parks outside the US I like this one the best.  It's small enough and also updated rides are good.  Missing some of the original park rides like Matterhorn and Thunder Railway though.
It's as good as Disney at Anaheim...Rides are excellent and the attraction is very clean and organised. Plenty of options for food and areas to relax and prepare for next session of rides.Easy to find way around with map and the staff are very respectful and helpful in all situations.
Good connection by MTR.We visit there in quiyet time, still kids need standing and wait if they want go in same photo in figures.Food was fast food, ticket Prices is too high, because its disneyland, and there is not special...One time to see...
Had great fun at Disney with my two daughters and wife. The kids really loved being there and thoroughly enjoyed the whole day.
This is my 4th Disneyland (after LA, Orlando & Tokyo). This time of the bring not a peak season, is a good time visit Disneyland. Crowd manageable, most rides max 5 10mins waiting time, not too crowded watching the parades, weather not cold Nor hot. Managed to complete 80% of all rides, shows and Parks by 3pm. Only setbacks were most restaurants were not open and staff not very friendly. This Disneyland is not very big compared to the 3 others which I had visited. Also most rides are suitable for the younger ones.
Disneyland is very awesome! It made me felt like a kid again. The rides, the mascots the shops everything is perfect. This Disneyland is a must to visit in Hongkong.
It was a wonderful experience. So much fun for my 5 years old.  But for adults and those who seek for adrenaline rush, better opt for ocean park.
A bit ordinary, not up to other Disneylands, OK for younger children. Pick a cool day, the weather can be quite oppresive given it is a long day probably with kids.
Much smaller scale than Disney World (no surprise there) but such high quality! Something I really enjoyed is that there are certain rides attractions here that you cannot find at the other Disney parks. I would say this should not be the TOP thing on your Hong Kong To Do List, since it is not a natural part of the Hong Kong culture, but if you have the time to squeeze it in, it was very enjoyable!
And we LOVED it!!! A fantastic day out! Excellent parade, rides and characters, just fantastic. Tickets to be expected on the high side of things but it was worth every penny! For adults and kids alike!
no queue's like USA..... lots of Characters in all area's of the park, great Hot Dogs..... The Halloween decorations and parade were fab. the MTR is a cheap and fast mode of transport and takes you directly into the park.
Speechless because I super enjoyed it here. The street parades were amazing and wonderful even though there's some downpours during our visit. We visited on a weekday so the place is not crowded, there's no queue also when buying the tickets. It is recommended to spend one day for picture taking and another one day for the rides. And never ever forget to stay for the fireworks because it is one of the highlights, it is so romantic especially of you're there during during the cold season. Have fun on your visit!!!
Awesome day out but massive lack of characters. We had read this in the reviews so had pre booked breakfast at the Enchanted Garden. Glad we did as breakfast was great and had one on one with Mickey, Minnie, Pluto and Goofy. Didn't see them at the park at all. Didn't see one princess. Very disappointing! But other than that a great day out. Ride lines not too bad, MTR there was easy!Highly recommend but definitely do the breakfast before hitting the park. HUGE buffet and high quality.
I went to Hongkong Disneyland and It was a beautiful place for every one to get experiences and come back to their childhood
Too many people too many lines. Small kids only, teens might get bored. You stay in lines way too long. 40  minutes sometimes.You stay in line even to take pictures with the Disney characters.Don't miss the 8pm show, that is the best part of it.
We were fortunate to have been there on Halloween. They had Villains' Night Out which was delightfully entertaining. They also had Mickey's Halloween Parade. That time they were featuring Star Wars & Chewbacca was adorable! Very warm & friendly & game. They also had a new ride, Grizzly Gulch, which we enjoyed tremendously. Another memorable Disneyland experience. Thank you, HKDL!
The day we visited was EXTREMELY hot, and the park didn't seem prepared for the heat. Some ride lines had fans but not enough. As English speakers, we found no problems at all throughout the day with language. well over half the restaurants were closed and only ONE had a western food option, defiantly do not go to Disneyland for the food!Mystic manor was our favorite ride, and it's a Hong Kong exclusive!
First, the transportation to HK Disneyland was very good. Our trip was on a Thursday which might be why it was not that crowded as we were dreading it to be. It was a sizeable crowd still but the lines   queues were manageable. The attraction was great. The parade and the fireworks was just funtastic! The only theme park we were not able to visit was the Mystic Point but our 4year old had a blast with Princess Elsa and Anna. Also had her picture with Buzz Light Year. The shows were also very entertaining like the Lion King and Mickey Mouse (  Donald Duck's) magical show. Our daughter loved the Donald Duck's show very much.The food was on a high side but we thought it was reasonable compared to the other HK attracion (OP). The serving was nice at the Star Liner. Three meals would have been enough for us 4 Filipinos of 3 adult and 4 yo.I was worried about the transportation after the fireworks given the big crowd but the MTR was very efficient. Wow. I have been making reviews and  MTR was very efficient  was always in it. It was just great.We will be returning to HK Disneyland for sure. Maybe make it a 2 day next time and just forego with the other theme park down south.
I have been to all the disneys now. I went on tuesday and there was not a huge crowd so I was able to get on all the rides with minimum queing. Dont go on a weekend? Take a bottle of water with you its 30 HK dollars inside lol but as expected everything is pricey. The fireworks and light show was a highlight but get to the centre early for best views.
    D i s n e y l a n d     The most magical place on earth! Even in the heat and somewhat torrential rain that presented us on the day we went to Hong Kong Disneyland, we had a brilliant day! Everything at Disneyland was beautiful, affordable and pleasant. The staff and fur characters were lovely! Costing approximately $60 and only about a half an hour train ride, the entire day was so lovely!     brilliant toilet facilities     information boards and people to assist you!    easy to understand maps that include information on show at the park    food available in restaurants     water and drinks on the streets to hydrate!In contrast to Tokyo Disneyland, it is much smaller   however, it makes it much easier to complete the park within a day. I can imagine it being much easier for people with small children to enjoy! Due to it being smaller I was also able to see more characters, which was wonderful! Will definitely come back next time I'm in Hong Kong! Photos attached! :)
a friend of mine told me that i need to visit Disneyland if i have the time in Hong Kong. i was expecting a big park but however it doesnt meet my expectation. i arrived there around 11am and there was a long queue for their ticket. after lining up around 20 minutes, i finally got my ticket. although its small, the crowd is still manageable. i enjoyed watching mickey magic show and also their stitch program. i might be coming back if only im with travelling with small kids. by the way, selfie stick is not allowed in the park. i brought one with me but i didnt use it in the park. before their checkup point, just put it in your bag as they will do a fast spot check and they might missed while looking for it.
Been here twice with toddlers and my kids love it!It's a nice small park and never a long wait for rides.You could easily do it in one day unless you want to see all the shows. But we just wanted to go on the rides and see some characters. We spent 2 days here each time and it was fantastic. Older kids might find it boring however it's just the right size for the smaller ones before they get too tired. Staff give out huge amounts of stickers to the kids too! I also like how they take photos for you on your phone so your not expected to buy the professional ones. Great day out!
Young and young at heart will definitely enjoy this! My son super enjoyed the Astro Blaster attraction.
it was a great place for kids and the young at heart, we like thrill rides and there is 2. very expensive to eat but people seem really enjoy it
This was my first time going to HK Disneyland and my first time going to any Disney park as an adult, but it made no difference because it was Disney!We came on a Tuesday, the day after a long weekend, and it was wonderful. Busy enough that we didn't want to line up to take photos with the characters, but quiet enough that we only needed to line up at most for 5 minutes for a ride. Some rides we went on more than once just because we could and the lack of line ups made it worth the time.The prices in the shops were what you expected   expensive. The food was surprisingly good. Expensive as any food would be in a theme park, but it wasn't bland like I expected. My husband who went nearly ten years ago (as a young adult, ha) was not as impressed. He enjoyed it very much still, but did comment on how the staff did not look as happy and energetic (by Disney standards) and that it looked a bit rundown, compared to before and what you would expect from the Disney business. For examples, paint was chipping off on a few of the rides and the mannequins in the shops were not in good condition (one had all but his middle finger broken off). For the price you pay, you would expect more in its maintenance. We went on must of the rides and spent a good amount of time in the shops, and were walking out just after 4 hours. We may consider coming back when we have kids, but would be willing to splurge a little more for another Disney location if the upkeep is better there.
We have been to all the Disney resorts. This one is by far the smallest. It is still lovely and the big perk is that there are NO LINES. You can easily do this park in a half day with Big Buddha. the cost is less than the other parks too, so half day is still a value. Or for very little more you can do a second day before you get on your flight.
A review from a 7 and 10 year old. Go when there is a typhoon, because there is no queuing! We even got to meet Micky and Minnie Mouse.The Lion King Show was extraordinary.4D cinema was even better than we were expecting.Micky and the wondrous book was wonderful.3 words IT WAS AWESOME!Fireworks great   can see them from everywhere.Starwars rides was so good   all of us enjoyed this.
Hong Kong Disneyland unleashed the inner child in me. I found myself sitting on the carousell,battling space monsters,watching shows,singing along to the 'it's a small world' song. I loved the Halloween decorations and theme. The fireworks were wonderful! Still in a Disney mode even after my holiday has ended
It's nice to be back after 10 years! Hong Kong Disney have always surprise us! The park has expanded with Toy Story Land, Mystic and more to come. Can't wait for our next visit!
Visited for the third time, this time with cousins and their children. We were a group of 14 and had a blast. Not our first time but it was for our joining family members. Our kids had a great time because this time they had their cousins with them. Loved the free stickers given by the Disney staff.
Love Disneyland!!  My second visit here and has got bigger and better.   Obviously the smallest of all the Disneylands but still an excellent park with upgrades happening all the time!
The grandest theme park we ever visited in our lifetime. The rides were breathtaking and the cartoon characters were cooperative enough for family photos. Great location near the hills!
Disneyland is famous for their theme park, so when we're in hong kong, we reserve one day to spend time there.Going there is easy, we took mtr and the last station and train is so cute, the window's train's shape like head of mickey mouse and inside it, you can see some showcase of some disney character. The station is also different from other mtr station.You can buy ticket online and sometimes there's some promotion buying online. I got the tickets with the same price as if you buy in front of the park and with food package that can be use for lunch or dinner that worth 185hkd. Don't forget bring the confirmation and credit card you use to buy online. Behind the ticket booth there's some ticket machine to get the tickets and food vouchers.Tips :  go there on weekdays  check the weather on the chosen day  take the map of the park (located near the toilet after the entrance gate)  there are several drinking water tap in the park, don't forget to bring the bottle  fast pass is available in some games (information in the map), take the one that interest you, so you can save time  restaurant are spread in all over the park and food & drink stall too  parade and firework are show in the evening so finish playing before the parade  souvenir shop also spread all over the park and the biggest one is in the main road before the entrance (from inside)
Spent the whole day here. The miners ride was great. The live shows,the lion king and storybook were well worth seeing. Very professionally done and performers excellent. No queues made the day even better
Was in hongkong for 3 nights on my business conference. Got lucky enough to visit disneyland. Went there early morning around 10 am along with our group. We spent the whole day coz fireworks ceremony starts @ 8pm daily without seeing a fireworks it was not worth it. Roller coaster, 4D movie, lionking story, food , even for Muslim tourist halal restaurants was there. Shops were selling all disney products. 10  10 for hongkong disneyland. Halowen day on 31st October was amazing.
I visited Hong Kong Disneyland one day before typhoon Haima and park was really quiet and weather was really hot, I actually heard at Disneyland by email that my flight was cancelled back home and I needed to contact my airline back in Finland. I went to City Hall Guest service and they let me call from Hong Kong back to Finland for free! Thank you so much for that! It was so helpful and kind, cause I was travelling solo and couldn't contact Finnair online, which was really annoying. There were no lines on that day which was really great, but a bit sad was that not all the restaurant were open and they even opened land one by one. So after park opened you still needed to wait until they open all lands.I loved the shows especially Mickey and the Wondrous Book and I loved it that they actually sang by themselves! And the Festival of Lion King too.Halloween parades were quiet short if you compare to other parades, which was a little minus and also even if staff at Guest Service were really helpful and didn't find customer service overall at the Park as good as at Shanghai Disneyland. Cast Members were not smiling or welcoming you almost at all.Still thank you for this magical day!
Was pleasantly surprised by the ease of getting from the city to disneyland by the MTR. there is even a dedicated train to disneyland   super cool! on the day we went, the weather was really nice. there was not a big a crowd as i had expected. we did not have to wait long for the rides. the attractions are fun, enjoyable and entertaining. the park is very well maintained. there are many water fountains, rest rooms, resting areas around. all the staff are very helpful and friendly. the night ended with a show which was great. we enjoyed the day immensely! it is definitely a must visit place.
Mostly standard fare Disneyland rides, but the Haunted House backstory and ride is different than at any other Disney park.  The rest of the park is fun and clean.  Subway access makes it very easy to get to and from.
I went to Disneyland HongKong on 26th October 2016. I got the HongKong Station MTR to Sunny Bay then changed the MTR to Disneyland Resort Station. It was nice weather and Disneyland decorated with Halloween theme. I like Mickeys Philharmagic show. I enjoyed Mickey Halloween parade. But unfortunately I couldn't take a photo with Mickey and Minnie Mouse because I was a solo traveller so I have no one to take a photo of me, maybe next time
Suitable for ages 6 and below. Not  much for bigger kids and adults. Just 2 roller coasters. My youngest 4 year old enjoyed. The elder who is 10 was done within 4 hours
Highly recommend going on a working weekday if possible and purchase your tickets ahead of time from klook.com for a slight discount and avoid the long line at the entrance. Some rides offer fast lanes so if it's a long wait you can get a queue and go to do other rides in the meantime. As an adult returning to Disneyland again in 30 years, still enjoyed the It's a Small World ride, the Jungle RIde, and especially the Mystic Mansion.
Best day ever in Hong Kong Disneyland. The parade and firework at night is spectacular.  The day I visited, Tomorrow land was under maintainance so didn't ride the space mountain.
Quite a entertaining place even just as a couple. We had loads of fun. I would say it's an absolute must to see when in HK.
Spending 2 days in this park is truly the happiest and tiring in our 5 days HK trip. The kids are all smiling and enjoying all the time. Meeting characters are our favorite. every minute is worthwhile.
Its a dream come true . If you can afford it do take the fast pass ,saves you precious time without waiting in the queue .  Also check out the days timings for various shows ...they are not to be missed .
we have only been to 2 Disneyland parks being Paris and Hong Kong and found this one the best park so far people are more friendly and respecful than Paris
it was endeed a great vacation for me and my niece, our first day was well spent at Disneyland, fire works was amazing and we really had a lots of fun. next day was in Lantao island, we take the cable car and that was fantastic experience. i would definitely love to do it again if i have another chance, the Big buddha was also interesting and i love the old and quality architecture inside. over all, hong kong is a great country, mtr was the our means of transportaion and ended a great help for our travel. but to be honest i found their local people quite rude but ignore the people just enjoy the country and the good places.
Growing up a Disney fan, i can never have enough of Disneyland especially when it's just an hour away from home. Though tickets are a little pricey for a one day outing, plus all the expenses on snacks  meals  drinks in the park. Definitely a family friendly paradise.Try to avoid the weekends though.
At the end of the day, this is a version of Disneyland. If you like Disney theme parks, you'll love it; if you don't, this park won't convert you to the wonders of Mickey. Be aware that this park is tiny compared to the US version (at 123 acres, this is the smallest of Disney   s theme parks), and most of the attractions are geared towards families with small children. On the positive side of things, however, the lines tend to be blissfully short, so if you can only spare four or five hours, the park is still worth visiting. Don't miss Mystic Manor (it's adorable!) or the Festival of the Lion King (a large scale production with giant animal puppets, acrobats, flame eaters and dancers; the dialogue is a mix of Cantonese and English, and the songs are performed in English).
castle, restos, rides, parks, parades and of course fireworks! feels like i am younger again, the characters are complete though the queues are beyond! we went there on weekend so we expected to get busy in the park. i would say our trip was great! mickey, pls be me!
Has met rainy days on the day of our visit, chasing the crowd away and we can enjoy the ride within a park!  Has met some new Disney characters without Q   it was awesome!  Some renovations been ongoing and looking forward awesome park experiences.
As a big Disney fan I had to tick Disney Hong Kong off my list, having done Florida, California and Paris I kinda knew what to expect, but surprisingly some things were different which was good.Firstly the train to get you into the parks wowed me, all the windows are mickey mouse heads and the hand holders are shaped like Mickey mouse heads and along the carriages are figures of the characters. The park is on a much smaller scale to any of the others but that made it so easy to get around in such a short space of time, we arrived around 1030 and were finished by 2pm but waited until 3 for the Halloween parade. The rides which I have been on before in the other parks were slightly different which was really good as you don't know whats coming. The day we went queues were not long at all on average 15 min waits. It was the Halloween festival while we were there so lots of things going on, there were people dressed up giving out free candy.The parade was a Halloween themed one which was really good. They had plenty of shops and restaurants around the park and the food was not badly priced considering its Disney.
Fun to visit this small theme park especially if you like Disney and have kids. Reasonably easy to travel to the theme park. Please be prepared to queue for all the rides and photo taking booth.
Perfect for a one day trip and for young children as you don't need to walk that much. The main Disney attractions are there.I went on a Friday and arrived early but most attractions opened at 11am.It surprised me that within the park they don't take credit card payments, just cash!!! I would not have expected that from Disney.Go on weekdays!!
1) Really enjoyed the shows   Lion King, Mickey & the marvellous book. 2) A picture with characters like Princess Sofia, Elsa, Belle not very easy   queues are long but worthwhile offcourse for your little one3) Plan the trip in advance   read about the show timings on the website
We went during the week not in school holidays and it was great. Didnt have to wait for anything just walked straight on and even rode a few things twice. Space Mountain is brilliant, better than the Florida one and the mining train ride is great too. Not many big rides and no water ride which is surprising considering how hot it is. Food is average but you don't go there for its culinary delights.
My mistake. I went with big hope of having high thrill rides with big drops and upside down rides. To my surprise it was mainly for small children only and a couple of rides for parents to keep them un bored. Restaurant options are very limited i would say with the scale of name this place has achieved. Overall the theme is catered to shell out as much money from parents as possible to please their children by selling products Mickey branded.
We visited Disney for the second time and again no queues!. While it doesn't have all the big rides associated with Florida and the USA in general, there was plenty to do and it is still full of Disney Magic. I particularly like that they do a reduced price for seniors. Great idea
I have been to Disney World Florida almost 25 times over the years and Disneyland California about three and Disneyland Hong Kong 4.By Far Florida is the best and biggest but Hong Kong it pretty nice too. The rides and attractions are smaller in scale and the Cinderella's Castle is much smaller but for Hong Kong and Visitors that have only to have Hong Kong as their Disney Experience it delivers a huge experience and one that kids will surely enjoy.Hong Kong Disney is growing in size adding new sections and drawing larger crowds and from mainland china and beyond. If you are a tourist or a resident in Hong Kong I would hope you would take your children and or like me take you spouse or girlfriend and have a great full day of fun.The nice thing about Hong Kong Disney is the size, its a full day adventure and very manageable unlike Florida as it really is a 6 day event to do it right.Dont forget to stay for the parade ad mid day and at night. Its worth it and dont forget your cameras.
when you're with friends whom you consider family, you know you're home. disneyland will make you feel exactly the same thing regardless who are with you because it has the complete ingredients to take away the sadness brewing inside, just like a family who'll always stick with you no matter what. i want to go back there again but with my son & husband next time.
This is a small and compact theme park, a day is enough, but it is very nice and there are some good rides and some good attractions to see we enjoyed ourselves. The dining experience is obviously captive and as such it never fails to disappoint. The Corner Cafe on Main Street was where we had lunch and quite frankly it is some of the worst service and the worst food I have ever seen in my life. Drinks never arrived, we were a party of four who all dined separately because the meals came at totally different times and the second round of drinks had to be chased four times. Just terrible. But the theme park itself is okay with the usual Disney merchandising one comes to expect. Worth a visit.
Took my kids there, long lines and boring rides, and they don't even have the haunted house....I won't go there again.
This is exciting and awesome. Requires atleast 2 days to fully enjoy all the attractions. Better to plan in advance on what to cover to enjoy maximum rides. Indian food is available only in 1 restaurant during our visit.
We came here as a group of adults but as soon as we stepped through the gates we were big kids again! It was very hot on the day we went but the landscaping around the park as well as buildings provided lots of shade and well needed air conditioned stops. We arrive in early morning and the queues were very short as a result. Staff were friendly and keen to know how we were enjoying our visit. The queues to have pictures taken with characters were probably the longest but staff were great at making sure people were being fair with photos and the characters themselves were brilliant. Our favourite rides were probably the run away mine cars and the Star Wars ride. Toy Story Land was the best for photo opportunities. My one recommendation for people visiting would to be to bring your own food and drink as it is expensive here. You'll need the money you save to spend on souvenirs!
Everything goes well, got a discounted ticket from the tour guide that have excess tickets for a cheaper rate. The queue of the ticket counter was ridiculous if you're slightly late.Didn't use much time queuing for rides, only went for those require waiting time 5 30 minutes. Spent most money on food (Especially their chicken drumstick & Corn on a cob.) For their ice cream, their decoration looks cute on the display board, but when you actually get the ice cream, they are mostly disfigured. Overall, is good experience being there, makes you feel young again. And the kids there are adorable, as well as their mascots. :)
What a fantastic, well organised, clean place. We had the best time... Whilst standing in the crowd waiting for the park to open we were chosen by a group of delightful girls who worked for Disneyland to open the park. This opportunity was a once in a life time   we met mickey and minnie mouse before the gates were even open. We were given large keys and did a countdown with the staff to open Disneyland. We felt like celebraties. What a fantastic idea for tourists   if you are lucky enough to be picked. The place was just as fantatic as the original Disneyland. Would highly recommend to everyone!!!
Visited hong kong disneyland caught the mtr system loved the train with mickey mouse ear windows.As expected very clean easy access to rides ques not too long. Plenty of food choices. A fun day had by us big kids. Theme in the park is halloween at the moment so plenty of pumpkins about.
We arrived just before10am. Once the gates opened I suggest you walk in and straight up into the Main Street area then you will find characters that you can get photos with.. Minnie and Mickey had a bit of a line but there was probably 3 others with hardly anyone there.. They just take photos with your camera.. Shortest lines for photos I seen all dayWe then tried not to be distracted by the shops and go on the rides.. we were able to do most the rides in the morning with less than 10min wait times..I couldn't believe by mid   late afternoon busloads of people arriving. It seems lots of people don't do start to finish time and come laterWe had lunch in a food court type restaurant, It cost nearly $30aud for a burger chips meal I was horrified, I found a cheaper place for dinnerThe Halloween parade went for maybe 10minutes so make sure you see the main parade..The fireworks were amazing, much more than just fireworks, it's a show of lights music etcI have been to the California Disneyland, I was still really happy with HK Disney, it's still magical and perfect just smaller..It was a massive day but worth it..Buy your tickets in Klook, heaps cheaper and the line is shorter . They just scan the paper and your inThere are no scary rides here but that suits it.. I just love the Disneyland experience
This disneyland is very small compare to the one in paris or Usa but it was still a very nice experience. A perfect place to go with the kids.
Hongkong Disneyland is relatively small comparing to other Disneylands. I consider it large enough for little kids like 3 7 years old. I also recommend weekday since it is not crowded at all. The queue to highly favorite attraction such as Pooh bear is only 15 minutes, use fastpass for 5 minutes only. :) Happy Disneyland trip with so many rides in a day.
I met with my friend in there . Did not have high expectations since i read some bad comments about it. Once i got there, i was impressed.First of all, the whole place is organised and clean. There are maps to illustrate the routes to all attractions .The shows and attractions and rides overall were good and joyable and suitable for all ages (even adults )The ticket is a bit expensive but the whole journey is worth every penny you spendOverall, it was a good experience and you would need a whole day to complete the whole world of disney!! So get your legs stritched before you come, show up early and enjoy your time !! :)
We are very well travelled Disney goers and would say this park is definitely targeted at younger families. Whilst Main Street and the lands much the same this park misses the rides for the big kids in us all. But We ticked the box.
Never thought a theme park could be this interesting. Just when you think you're all grown up, Woody and Buzz Lightyear take u to infinity and beyond! Or when u're having a really bad day, Timon and Pumba succeed in turning that frown upside down with their life philosophy Hakuna Matata....This place is truly for the young and old.... I mean...young at heart.... Lots of food, drinks, desserts, and of course, photo taking opportunities. Bring your umbrellas, caps, sunglasses, and sunscreen just to be safe.Don't let the queueing get you down. It's really worth your time when u travel home and look at your pictures with Elsa, Snow White, Goofy & Pluto, Donald & Daisy, the storm troopers, and lots more.
Although older children, 12 14 year olds still enjoy this it is especially popular with younger children.
Being from California, I'm used to the huge lines at Anaheim Disneyland. So I was very surprised to walk right up to the boats of It's a small world, without even standing in line. (On a Saturday) This goes for all the other rides also. Luckily we rode all the rides before 2 pm. At 2 pm, mobs and mobs of people came streaming in. Not sure if there was a special event? But from that point on, lines were 40 min or longer. Also, it was fun collecting stickers from the Disney employees. (That's something they don't do at Anaheim.) It is smaller than Anaheim, but being able to NOT wait in line before 2 pm made the whole experience worth it. And it was so easy to get there via MTR. Also, we were able to get on the first MTR train we walked up to after exiting the park, after the fireworks. They must be very efficient. WIth so many people exiting, I was expecting a long wait for a train. Also bring mosquito repellent. I was bitten a lot within 15 min. of entering the park, and I noticed I wasn't the only one. There was also a sign at the entrance offering free mosquito spray at the first aid office.
Not like the Disneyland in Tokyo, which is also good for young people, I would think the HK one is much smaller and for children only.
I have been to a lot of Disney properties throughout the world. Hong Kong Disneyland stood out due to it's lack of crowds and lines for rides. There may not be a ton of E ticket rides and certain Disney traits you might be used to are not present, but I never stood on a line longer than 10 minutes for a ride. Meeting characters on the other hand is a madhouse. The best advice is to arrive early and you can finish the park in a matter of hours.
We visited the Hong Kong Disneyland on a Sunday and the longest time we had to line up was 25 minutes for two rides. Everything else was  walk straight in . Although the castle and many rides are smaller than in Tokyo Disneyland, we enjoyed this place as there were no huge crowds and we could easily ride all the rides we were interested in. Our favorites were the roller coasters  Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars  (starts off slowly, then goes backwards and finally speeds up a lot) and  Hyperspace Mountain  (a Star Wars themed in the dark ride).No real thrill rides here, after all it's Disneyland. Food and admission are very expensive but everything, from the rides to the staff, is very professional and well maintained. Also getting to the park is super easy, just take the Disneyland Resort line from Sunny Bay.
I enjoyed my visit to HK Disney. I know it's the smallest out of all the Disney theme parks but I think it's still worth a visit. HK has really gotten into the Disney experience because it's easy to find going on the mtr. Even got a Disney shuttle that gets the kiddie side of you excited as you approach the park.I've only been to the parks in the US and HK has a few things that the US didn't have. I especially liked Mystic Mansion. Also if you chose to go I suggest buying the tickets off of Klook. Saves me $5 and the food voucher.
Went today with our 6 and 8 year olds. We got there about 2.30 and stayed until the fireworks finished. Lines were not huge. Occasionally we had to wait up to about 15 20 minutes for a ride and other times we got straight on. It was just luck of the timing. We went on the runaway mine cars about 6 times. We went on hyperspace mountain about 5 times. Towards the end of the day was best for short queues. Astroblasters was fun and Mystic manor was awesome for special effects. We hardly had time to eat, wasn't cheap. If you are not too fussed about getting close to sleeping beauty castle for the fireworks, I would stand at the top of the train station. Great view and near the exit for a quick getaway once finished. Not a huge park, but we really enjoyed it!I would suggest ideal ages are 5 12. Ocean park has more thrills for older kids.
I have visited California Disney 2 times before in 2007 and 2010. This was our 3rd time to visit Disneyland but first time to go to Disney outside the USA. For the first time also I was taking my 6 year old daughter to a Disney park. She is a big fan of Elsa and Anna just like many girls :), and loves all Disney characters, knows their stories etc. Ok, Let me share some of my disappointments first   1. One thing we found missing was the courtesy in the staff at Disneyland HK towards visitors. There were less of helpers and more of process follower or policing staff in Disney land and this was something I have not observed in Disneyland resort earlier. Smiling and greeting attitude was missing in staff. It may be an ethnic or regional thing, as Chinese people seemed to be a bit rude in general (personal feeling, not to generalize).2. My daughter wanted to meet her favorite Disney characters but unfortunately she could not do. It was too much of time standing in the queues in the efforts to get a picture with them, but they do not even stop to allow taking a picture with them unlike in California. After standing in a queue for 2 hrs we could not meet Mickey and Minnie. I and my daughter just stepped out of Queue to get some food as she was hungry, but my wife was keeping our place in the queue, but when her turn came quicker than we thought and we got late to return just for 2 mins. we missed them once again :(. They could not wait on my wife's request as they said it was closing time for them (it was 6pm whereas park closes at 8pm). I immediately visited their guest services to request to allow just one picture with my daughter, but the reply I got was pretty cold  not possible sir .3. Overall the park is smaller in comparison with USA ones. but similarly ticket is also much lower than US; so it was NOT a disappointment. Now the good things  1. Ticket Price is very competitive. With the usual cost of everything in Hongkong, this is pretty decent price to spend a day with your family with experience of Disneyland.2. Travel easiness; with wonderful MTR network directly taking you to park, it is actually very convenient going to Disneyland from any part of the hongkong city.
I found this disneyland to be a little more neat than the others.Every ride every corner of it has been done so well.Awesome connectivity by train to the city as well.Super place to go with kids anytime of the year   .
Strangely empty, a handful of rides and not the friendliest cast members made this a one and done Disney experience
We are annual pass holders at Disneyworld, so it was a no brainer to go. Most of the attractions are a little different and the have some new ones. Very well done and very Disney. The shows are all in Chinese so if you go, go for the visual. A half day was enough to cover the park for us. Do not change money there, terrible exchange rate. Getting there is easy and the Disney train is, well very Disney
it is a magical place and truly fulfills the promise. One needs two days to do full justice to the park although it is a fairly smallish park.
IMO very badBeen to japan one and hk seems to be very pale in comparisionKids always enjoy the parade but the parade at 3pm only feature1   mickey2   minnie3   goofyWhilst the park at tokyo feature the entire cast of the parksAlso due to low season, a lot of eateries not openWeather is hot to enjoy the ridesRecommend go in cooling season
We had a great fun visiting the disneyland. Whole day will not be enough to roam the entire park. Just make sure to stay until the fireworks display at night as it was magical and somehow will touched your heart. The song  A whole new world  is still on my mind.
Alot of nice places but it was too crowded when I visit.  Alot of merchandise shops that are v good for getting gifts and stuffs.
The park is very clean, beautiful and a MUST if in Hong Kong. Any Disney lover must visit. I will say for people seeking a thrill park (roller coasters, spooky rides etc) then you may be disappointed. It is a park which is highly suitable for kids and I couldn't think of one ride that a child wouldn't be able to partake in. The character meet and greets can be tricky if you don't plan accordingly   and they come out at the same times in different locations   which can mean choosing between some. It took us nearly 6 hours of lines   planning   chasing down characters to get meet and greets.
Absolute waste of money spent aud182 for 2 adults soaked from pouring heavy rain with no rides or outdoor parades being operational.With a 2 year old in tow it was horrible. If parades and rides are cancelled how do you expect patrons to enjoy the full potential of a once in a life time family day out? Complained to manager who wouldn't even budge to give money back or discount. Spent $200 at the Disney store, had lunch and enough was enough so caught mtr back to hotel.So annoyed I could have saved $182 entry fee if I had known there was a Disney store in HKG airport.
You need to check the weather before booking, I suggest that you stay near to the Tung Chung area outlet shopping center so you can enjoy the shopping and your kids and you have a good time in Disney land ( safe transportation money), try to go early as much as you can, bring some snacks with you, drink a plenty of water as you can it's hot in my time (oct). Have a good and funny time
A whole day of fun for the family. Probably need another day. Easy to get to. Just catch the main train & change to the Disney shuttle train. Even the shuttle has Disney theme.Went during sunny winter day   neither hot nor cold. Beat the Chinese New Year holiday crowd a few weeks ahead. Queue are shorter & less waiting around.
Very expensive but same pricing as the other Disneyland resorts. The other difference is that this one is quite small and we were done by 5pm on a week day. The queues were so short (5 to 10 minutes) we managed to go on a few rides at least 4 or 5 times. All in all the kids enjoyed it so that was the important part. Easy to get to via MTR as well.
Been there a few days before. Was lucky to witness the Hallowe'en Fest! The Mickey parade and the Hallowe'en parade at night were just beyond my imagination. I had never ever imagined to see something so lovely. You can just sit and look at the beautiful environment. The rides were great. Lot of restaurants but a problem for my vegetarian friends.'its a small world', 'mystic manor', 'hyperspace station' , 'parachute drop' are few of the things u must cover while on your visit.
Fantastic place   so clean and every detail is so exact; a real pleasure to visit. No long queues and all the rides were great fun.The catering is poor   many outlets were closed and the ones which were open were crowded and noisy; the quality of the food was terrible. We thought that they would confiscate food we tried to take in when they did the bag searches BUT other people were allowed in, so next time we will take our own food.This is a big place and I think it's better to buy the 3 day pass and at least do one morning afternoon visit and on another day do an afternoon and evening visit. We were so tired from walking and the activities that we had to miss the fireworks in the evening.A great day out and 100 times better than Ocean Park.
Not as many rides as Orlando's Disney but half the cost!  Very clean, food is affordable, can be reached via subway from downtown or easily by taxi.
Thanks to HK Disneyland.They have two certified Halal restaurants   The Explorers Club and Tahitian Terrace.One important thing for muslim, they prayer room already move from City Hall to room just next to restroom at The Explorer Club.They also have a stroller for hire.HKD100 HKD100(deposit).Thanks for the facilities!!!I dont want to mention about other thing because everything was perfect.We spend the whole day from morning until firework!!
But not like the ones in the USA.  Hong Kong is smaller and thus disappointed me, but if have not been before it is a great place for kids and adults.  (I did miss the turkey legs)
My 3 yr old and 7 yr old girls loved it very bit. The idea was to let them see the characters and hopefully make them beleive in the fantasy they create. Disneyland does that & more .... in style.The evening fireworks was spectacularThe villains parade and Mickey Mouse parade funtastic.The rides were so cute that my younger one wanted to keep doing them. It was indeed magical for the kids and the glee on their faces was worth every minute  nickel spent. We took the 2 day pass, did the evening parade and fireworks on day 1 and spend the entire next day on the rides for children. None of the rides are scary. The slow ones are where the kids enjoy anyway....The boat ride was nice with a lot of animatronics which thrilled the kids. The shows were grand too.Final tip : Go during the weekday and if it's a kid centric holiday take the 2 day pass and expect to get a bit bored since adult rides are few and far. The happy kiddie faces will however replace the boredom you face.Must visit for children of all ages.
Kids loved it.... (2 & 4 year old), they couldn't go in all rides, but it was great to see them smile and happy walking around the park.We were lucky and had sunny, breezy days, not too hot and no rain for the 2 days we visited. We saw the whole park, and with small kids, you can't do it all in one day... 2 days are enough, 3 too much... 1 not long enough .....We stayed at the Disney Hollywood hotel, which is on site (free shuttle ride to the park), extremely convenient and very overpriced for what you get... but with small kids, it was very convenient.The park is showing its age, and there is a new park in Shanghai now.... so.... worth having a look around, but if you are going to be HK, its definitely worth a visit for the little ones... probably 5  would get the most of it .... It was great, but I would visit different ones instead of going back there again .... Nice 2 days and worth a visit at least once.
1st time visit HongKong Disneyland.The location is near the airport but quite far from the city but you can catch MTR to Disney. Like others feel like back to childhood. The lion king show is recommended.This theme park is suitable for every ages.Not to much crowed and queued for every plaything. Staff really impressed me.for theme park lover must be visit.For others should be visit and spend almost whole day in Disneyland. Don't miss night parade and firework.Poor me at 6th October during waiting for night parade it was raining so     cancel but just after the announcement the rain was stop!
First, the MTR that you can take to the park is all Disney   windows, fabric for the seats, even statues in each car. We arrived about 1 hour before opening and had time to get our tickets (ordered online), take some pictures and see Mickey and Minnie  open  the park. The gates opened 30 minutes prior to park opening so you can visit Main St, but you have to wait to visit the other lands. Very small park. We walked around the whole thing in about 15 minutes. Rides very close together so you can get off one and right on to the next one. Went on a Friday and never waited more than 15 minutes for any ride. Since we were there early, we wanted to eat lunch early, but it seemed like most places did not open until 12:00 12:30. Some the snack places did not open up until after 1:30. One day is all you need to see this park.
We found the Hong Kong Disney experience overall a great family outing. Plenty of things to do and see and easy to cover in a day. Although the queues were long they were generally less time than the signs indicated. The down side of the day, was the closing of half the park for a private function. Luckily there were plenty of signs and staff at the gate were helpful in suggesting to do that side of the park before it closed to the general public although we did miss a couple of rides. It was also hard to get a photo with some of the characters, always seemed to turn up just as the photo sessions were closing.On the plus side the fireworks show was amazing and well worth staying to see.
This is not my first Disneyland. I've also been to Disney in Orlando and also Universal Studios and I remember those as being fun even if I went there when I was already 27. But this Disney is smaller and the rides are less   scary and thrilling. It really is a wonderland for kids. My 12 year old niece enjoyed it but me, not as much. Also, when you watch the festival of lights, if ou can't go near from the center, better to be at the center even if you are far away. That way, you can still see the fireworks. We decided to go near but at the side and was only able to see once part of the castle, the other part was blocked from view.
Its was a good decision to visit the part in the late afternoon when its less crowded (5min wait time for most rides) and less hot. While we finish our day there, we were treated to a fantastic firework display at 8pm closing the park. Defiantly worth the price of our tickets!
We have a year card for our 1.5 year old daughter and she loves all the rides around the cinderella castle. Surprisingly lots of rides for toddlers there. The parade is nice as well, since you see all the characters. Just queuing to take a picture with them is a bit too long for a 2 year old to wait for.
Too many people from mainland China didn't follow the queue and it was very crowded. But the services and staff were nice, willing to help me on some directions and answered me politely. Only the problem is a bit small and too crowded. It is not worth to that expensive tickets. The MTR to there was cute and nice.
Everything is impressive for our kids 2 and 7 years old except the weather that so hot and the food that quiet pricey. We definitely visit there again.
Hong Kong Disneyland is definitely different from the American amusement parks. It is smaller and can be done in a day, similar to Disney's California Adventures. The rides are different, with very few of the originals making it to this park. Those that did make it are changed up to fit a new crowd. The castle appears smaller than Sleeping Beauty's castle in Anaheim. Small World is definitely worth the ride no matter where you are. To see how each park sets up this iconic ride is interesting and almost makes you nostalgic for the one you call home.Be prepared for the Asian food. You are in another country and to expect them to provide the same foods you would get in America is not appropriate.The park is a lot of fun, even for being smaller. Definitely take some time to visit Toy Story Land. Worth the wait for the rides and I don't know how anyone could not want to visit this area for the rides.
We entered Disneyland at 1pm. The sad thing is they closed all outdoor rides at 1:30 pm. Well they should have informed us before we bought the tickets. We went to Hongkong just to go to Disneyland. The tickets cost us more than 10k pesos (1617 HKD). They already know they're gonna close based on the forecast and yet they still let us buy the tickets. We only stayed inside for an hour or so. We just took pictures and rode the hyperspace mountain and took off. Bad experience. They only want the money... and didnt care if we lose it.
Great disneyland resort! Smaller than some of the others but still full of the usual disney magic. Easy to go round in one day but could spend more time over 2 days if you wanted to meet and greet characters etc. Great lion king show. Good day all round staying for night parade and fireworks. When we visited it was halloween time and themed so the parades seemed short with only 4 floats however thought this may be due to the Halloween theme? Therefore smaller parades as it isn't a permanent feature so not as much budget supplied? Still thoroughly enjoyed.
I went to HK disneyland twice and always have the impression that you can cover everything within a day. Avoid mainland China's holiday for shorter line to rides and shows or cleaner toilets.
This is so much fun! Staff were friendly and really lovely!We enjoyed the rides   it was more low key than Ocean Park which is awesome in Hong Kong. I would prefer disneyland for the less thrill seekers. There are rides that are better than others   of course, depends what you are looking for.It was our friends birthday and we got her a badge from City hall, which meant they were very kind when the staff saw her   Happy birthday about 1 million times. Way cute!Really easy to get there by train   lots of friendly people to take photos of.TIP: Please go to the lion king show   amazing!
We have been to Florida and Paris Disneyland and this falls into the Paris side of things. We all enjoyed our day out here and would we promised our girls a trip to Disney when in Hong Kong. It is good and fun for the kids but remember it is NOT Florida size.
Visited with 2 young children. Train to Disneyland is nice. Visited on wkday and not much crowd, short waiting time. Some pushcarts and a few eating places not operating. No selfie stick is allow. The food are expensive. 99% of the staff( fr restaurant or shops or rides assiatance) we came by are unfriendly, no smile and rude. The 1st rude staff is at the self  help ticketing station who keep saying 'no no no no' while walking towards us. These staff really spoil our day. Put on mozzie patch or repellent. Me and my hubby got biten all over the legs which the red spots last many days.Most of the rides are for young children, not much for adult. 2 days visit is good if u want a more relax trip especially with children. We spent 3 4 of the day during the 1st day and half a day on 2nd day for night view. Our verdict: japan disneyland is so much better and fun. Will not revisit in the next few yrs.
Loved this park, having been to the Florida and Paris parks, we found HK smaller, but very nice, we covered most of the park attractions in one day, and stayed for the fantastic fireworks at 8pm.Queues were ok, It was a Monday in October. Easy to get to, MTR to Sunny Bay, then a Disney train to the park, also on the MTR line.
The walk to the park was quite far from where the bus dropped us off. We stayed on property by using our DVC points. The hotel room was great. It had a balcony with a wonderful view. The park had the same areas as the magic kingdom. The castle was smaller than at Disneyland or Disneyworld. The food had asian influence which we liked. I loved the watermelon juice that they offered.
This Disneyland is pretty good with the Winnie the Pooh and the Amazon river ride being the best of the lot. When you go there make sure you go there when there is no school holiday in China else you would find it really crowded. Also make sure that you go on weekdays.
Must do if you grew up on Enid Blyton and similar stories! This was the high point of our trip, and one that I was looking forward to the most. Was not disappointed at all!Useful Tip : drink loads of water and wear comfortable shoes, and be ready to live your childhood dream!
Had a great time as first time visitors. Staff very friendly and helpful. Can be done in a day but it will be a long one especially if it's hot
The fast pass is the way to go...we both loved Disneyland ,the staff ,the rides the shows were all excellent...Halloween was being celebrated at the time...laughing and scared all at the same time...the nightmare experiment. Went to a lovely Asian restaurant had lobster dumplings and wonton soup .The finale on the castle with the light show and fireworks ...made me wish upon a star ...thanks to all
If your Kid loves Disney please visit. else not much to do, rides are alittle boring not what I expected. be prepared to walk alot. Depends on when you go, you might have to queue very long.
Disneyland HK feels like a quite compact park. It is a while since I've visited Disneyland Paris and Disney World Orlando and this feels much more designed for small children than the other parks. The park is also small and I think you can plan to do it in half a day. With small children maybe a bit longer.Some attractions are in Chinese only, so understanding what the characters are saying might be a problem.They close most of the attractions very early, already when the parade starts at 7PM, thus don't come too late to the park.Western food is not especially good, tried a hot dog and will never do that again. Very tasteless and strange consistency. There are a lot of Asian style options, maybe they taste better? Have to try next time.Anyhow Disney is always fun and there are some attractions that are quite well suited for adults too e.g. Grizzly Gulch and Hyperspace Mountain.
I suppose if i was into this type of thing I may have enjoyed it more, but I was here accompanying my brother's family and they seemed to have a good time. Queues for rides were horrendous and there was no screening from the oppressive heat when in the queues. Sure there is plenty to see and do but the place was so busy it made it hard to appreciate all that was on offer. Food and drink are ridiculously priced which is disappointing. The staff are all very helpful and friendly as I suppose they have to be. Highlight would have to be the evening parade.
It's wonderful. Honestly, my friend had been to some of the US Disneyland's and had raved about them, so when we were going to HK, I decided to gift her a day there. I LOVED IT! It is genuinely the happiest place on earth, you should definitely pre book your tickets, and with the MTR you can get there super cheap and easily. You don't need anything more than just your normal entry ticket really. We went on a Saturday, and it was totally fine, we didn't wait any more than 10 mins for a ride, average wait was 1 6 mins. We spent the entire day there (11am 8pm) and I could have used another couple of hours to fit everything in.Definitely recommend the Space Mountain and the runaway carts. They were the thrill seeker rides and I was surprised with Mystic Manor, definitely worth dropping in to. Toy Story will take you back to being a big kid and I dare say would be the best fun for kids.All the highlights of a Disneyworld land are there   teacups, it's a small world etc.AND TOTALLY SEE THE LION KING SHOW TOO!
We were all adults but I am still little Disney lover so enjoyed the place.... rapunzel... Mickey Minnie Mouse... everywhere... small shops giving feel of as if you are in dreamland.... small trains ... forest land with stories of Snow White... it was a nice experience and then ending up with light show was amazing .... one time must visit Lion king show was nice...
Took the family to HK Disneyland earlier this month and while the crowd was manageable this time on a Sunday visit, we were a bit disppointed with some of the programs. The traditional 3pm parade was rather short. The usual characters were there   Mickey, Minnie, Goofy, Donald, etc. but the princesses weren't and neither were other more recent characters. The attractions and rides were great and we did get to meet Chewbacca and R2D2 in Tomorrowland, so that was a consolation.
We had an amazing time at Disneyland. It was our first ever so we didn't know what to expect but everything about it was amazing. We don't have children so there was hardly a line for the rides for us 'big kids' while the rides for the kiddies were about 20 30 mins.If you can, try and visit in October so you can take advantage of all the hallowe'en attractions.
This is a small park that you can pretty much have most of the fun within a day. We went on a rather busy Sunday, quite a bit of people, but it was under control with a good flow. Unlike Ocean Park, over flooded with frustrated visitors getting ripped off. Lion King show is our favorite, must do. PS, bring something to snack if you are not a big fan of Chinese food, cause most outlets are focus on catering Chinese visitors,
Disney land Hongkong is for southeast asian countries who can't afford america and europe. Is good that at least asian people whom has a budget price still can enjoy disneyland for a very affordable price. I love it and such a very amazing experience
If you can't get to the US Disneyland HK DL is the perfect alternative. Lots of rides for the kids, immaculate (no rubbish to be seen anywhere).  A must do when going to HK.
To fully appreciate and enjoy disneyland, i suggest you to allocate an entire day for this place. Come as early as 9am and stay until the firework display finishes. Disneyland offers numerous attractions and rides where long queues are inevitable. So to save yourself from stress, it would be better to take your time and to take it easy. You will thank yourself for being patient at the end of the day. To be honest, the whole experience for me was a bit underwhelming because I couldn't help myself but compare my experience at Ocean Park the day before. I love animals and extreme rides that disneyland doesn't offer. Also, disneyland doesn't have views like where the seas meet the mountains that ocean park has. Meanwhile, there were things I enjoyed at disneyland that are unique from ocean park. In November 2015, disneyland's musical production was Lion King at that time. I loved every bit of it. I love musicals and all the songs of this musical. It was the closest experience I had to a Broadway production. On the other hand, there was a ride called Space Mountain that I thought was unforgettable. Me and my brothers even did it again twice as it was just so fun. It wasn't as big as the roller coaster at ocean park but it offered a different experience for us. It was a mini roller coaster inside a building that looked like a futuristic mountain from the outside. It felt like we were in the galaxy where it was dark but we could see bright lights like they were stars. As it was dark, every unexpected turn or curve was exhilirating and the galactic music synced with the coaster's speed just sealed the deal for me. It was my favorite ride at Disneyland. Even before coming to disneyland, I always knew that there would be a float parade. It was one of the much awaited attractions for me. We even left the queues just to witness the parade. It was like a celebration. The float parade brought out the kid in me. Most if not all classic disney characters were brought to life that left me smiling the whole time. Lastly, before we left disneyland, we also witnessed the fireworks display. It wasn't the best I've seen but the audio visual presentation in the foreground made all the difference.As a conclusion, if you love musicals, parades, and disney mascots, and you are fine with less intense but creative rides, then Disneyland might just be the perfect theme park for you!
we booked the Spectacular tour which gives you a guided tour of the Disney park for up to 6 people, but also allows you to get on rides faster without long queues. The Tour guides are very knowledgeable and very helpful in assuring that you get the best out of your 3 hour tour
We have been to Hong Kong Disneyland and the Disneyland Hotel about 20 times over the last 8 years. So one could say that we are somewhat of a connoisseur when it comes to all Disney.. or at least Disney in Asia. We usually stay for at least 3   5 days on each of the occasions we have come. I would recommend this Disney park especially those with younger children or a combination of younger children to middle school aged kids. We have started to come here since my son's 2nd birthday and returned for each of his birthdays till to date as well as other occasions. We do like the guided tours, despite the cost, we feel it is money well spent, as you may have to wait more than an hour during peak times for rides. So unless the park is off season (like somewhere in the early or middle of March) on a cloudy Tuesday, you can expect a fair amount of wait on the rides. But its Disneyland, thus it should not come as a big shock to anyone...Over the years we have noticed that security has been beefed up.. although I have to say we have not had anything go missing and we felt very safe at all times, there were a couple of incidences that we have witnessed mainly fights between tour groups etc, that makes you glad that the security is a lot more visible. I would expect that if you are staying in the Kingdom Club and buying gifts for your children, dining on site and take a tour for at least 2 of the 4 days you may spend here that it would set you back close to 5,000   7,000 USD. Having said that you could easily do the same experience staying at the equally stylish Hollywood Hotel, with some onsite dining options and spend less than 1,500 USD in Off season...with tickets included. It will not make any difference to your children, if you are price conscious go with your wallet.. but still go cause the kids will love it.My kiddo does not recall any of his trips before his 5th Birthday so you can get away with anything.. infact they will be just as happy walking around the park at the age of 2 3 and not even going on any rides. Of course you may want to murder them because you just paid for your own ticket ... but the expression you will see on your child's face is literally priceless when they spot Mickey or Minney. For very small children I would recommend staying in the Hollywood hotel, and going over to the Enchanted Garden for a meal (character dining) with a birthday cake, mostly (not always) if you request and the hotel is not too busy they will try to accommodate either Mickey or Minnie wishing your child a Happy Birthday.. indeed for a while my son only allowed Mickey to wish him Happy Birthday and only with a blue balloon... yet the staff went out of their way to ensure that my son has the delightful Disney experience and made sure that they had Mickey and the blue balloon. I would recommend you try to go for an early seating at the Enchanted Garden and actually get there right on opening.. 5:30 pm, this will allow the staff to accommodate more of your preferences. It will be impossible if you trying to do the same in the second seating 8:00 pm onward.. the restaurant is just too busy.. If you have a little girl I would recommend staying at the Disney Hotel for the princess effect.The Boutique, the Princess in the Hotel Lobby.. its totally worth it. Leading me to the Kingdom Club, why would you pay an additional arm and a leg when you have already forked out tickets, gifts, etc.. because its awesome ... seeing your child being wished Good Night by Mickey or Minnie (they change each night.. so if you want to catch both you may need to stay 3 nights..) is beyond magic. The pure love, the expression of total happiness is something money can't buy, (that's why you have a MasterCard) so if you have to pull an extra shift at work to make this happen.... I suggest you try.. (but wait until they are like 5 at least cause they won't remember) you will have pictures .. but nothing much else from their memory bank.At 6 or 7 when they trail off to MineCraft.. you have them lost, I see a ton of kids playing with their phone, electronic devices, whilst queuing totally bored to death.. its just a bit too late to start bringing them to Disneyland. Unless of course you are going to Tokyo Disneyland.. which is mostly for older kids 100%.. We can't wait for the ToyStory Hotel to open or the new Iron Man ride, and yes even though we do not live in Hong Kong we have an annual pass, the savings are great.. hotel and merchandise discounts.. and if you are going more than once a year, it is worth it.. So save up and go and have a MAGICAL DAY!!! Don't yell at your kids, don't make them go on the rides they don't want.. Don't make them pose ...and just be.. enjoy that you have kids, enjoy the Disney Magic.. and just BE... :)
We had a 12 hour stop over in Hong Kong before continuing on to our next flight. We were there when it opened at ten and stayed till four in the afternoon. Although we had time to stay longer the kids were starting to get tired, and by then they have gone on most of the rides. Excellent place to spend the day. We went mid week so had no queuing for any of the rides. Staff friendly and lots of entertainment happening throughout the day. Bring lots of extra cash for souvenirs! Food is expensive so take cash or take your own snacks especially drinks. The humidity of Hong Kong makes you thirsty!
Pls Go early. Very good, you can enjoy all raid and show. Food is also good but costly. Worth spending time and money
HKG Disneyland was an expensive disappointment. Time and money better spent !  Go to Ocean Park.  Especially if your hotel is on the Island side.
For those of us that have not been to the USA then I think this is a great place to see whilst in Hong Kong and great for children.
Nice day out even if haven't got kids. Reasonably priced event. Easy get to via the MTR. Take in the Star Wars live shows great for getting kids involved. All the Disney attractions and characters you would expect to see. But one of my favourite parts of this site is the 3D cinema. Where you are not only watching 3D which lets face it is everywhere now. But you also get the wind the rain and the smells from the show.
I visited la the Disneyland all over the world and its always a nice outing. The parade was really nice but the park and its rides was more catered for smaller children.
We went there for 2 days. Once on a Sunday and once on a tuesday. The experience was totally different both days. Here are some does and donts     Go on a Weekday and have a splendid time. No waiting or maximum 10 minutes waiting for best rides.. Go on a Sunday and the only thing you will see are people people and hoards of people. Trust me i am from india ( quite used to crowds ) , but still i was dumbstruck by the crowds. You will be able to do a maximum of 3 rides in a 5 hrs time if on sunday. And forget getting a seat in any restaurant if you're tired. But weekdays the same place is inviting and empty , you will love it.   The USP of this disney is the  Lion King Show   , its the best of the lot. Next is the Mickey Wonderous Book Show. There is ample space in the Audi's showing these shows ( even on sundays ). So just reach the venue maximum 10 to 15 min before start of show.   Best Rides   Mystic Manor , Grizzly Gulch Roler Coaster , RC racer ( didnt do nightmare experiment and command post as had small child ). Both Parades and Fireworks are good. Other rides like Carousel , Its a Small World , Pooh , Stinky dog , Parachute drop , mickey philar etc are good for little kids  Avoidable rides   Hyperspace mountain ( can avoid if u have done Transformers in Universal Studios , its not even 20% of that ) , Buzz Astroblazers ( very kiddish )   Explorers Club , Starliner Diner and Main Street Cafe are Aircon'd ( trust me u will need them ) so a better choice. Dont buy water , there is taps to fill drinking water outside every washroom. Watermelon Juice is 30hk and average meal for 2 1 at the above mentioned restr will be approx 350hk. Indian food at explorers club and tahiti terrace ( it was closed when we went ) .   MTR is convenient , even after fireworks in sunday , when an enormous crowd dispersed for return back , it wasnt much of a hassle and a train every 4 minutes cleared the crowd in no time. Get an On Loan octopus from airport as we did on arrival.   On weekdays it is possible to do the park in one day , but would advise for 2days if with kids as they get tired.   Shop at last from Mainstreet ( u get everything there ) , some shops at mystic manor are also good...   We met quite a few characters on tuesday but on sunday ( wooh... dont even expect to find any as there will be stampede ) In summary its a magical place to visit , spend two days there. Go on a weekday , one day enter at 11am, next day you can go late around 3pm and stay late for fireworks. Have fun
It's cool , value for money , awesum place for children's but cannot go second time even  i get free pass
The Disney land has been made beautifully and divided into simple zones to enjoy the full day. Variety of rides and attractions are available for all age groups and the place is artistically made. Several restaurants are all around the park and serve varieties of cuisine to suit everyone's tastes and preferences. Great place to go with kids and family.
The last time I was in HK Disney was 2012 and I was with my siblings. This time around it was with my own family and I was expecting the same but I was surprised to see a lot of things new like Star Wars and others and it felt like a new experience! It's a definite must go to in Hongkong for children and young at heart.
Super easy and cheap to get to by the dedicated train, the usual gift shops, not many 'rides' although the big grizzly mountain and the parachute ride from Toy Story were a scream!! I didn't think we would spend more than a couple of hours but actually arrived at 10 and left at about three. It was quiet when we went (on a Friday) so the queues were bearable in the heat. We were In Hong Kong for ten nights so it was a day trip but if there for less I'm not sure it would be high on my priorities
We visited in 2006, just after opening, so we figured it was about time to do it again. A few of the rides had changed closed down, but a lot more to compensate. Daughter (now 18) still had a ball and the same as any Disneyland, there's no one that's unhappy with the place. No huge crowds, even on a weekend, and the park is very easy to get around.
A nice place to go to if you have a few hours to spare in HK .... great shopping locations.... 2 amazing roller coasters... a truely happy place...
It was my first visit to Disneyland so we do not know what to expect. went with extended family with 3 toddler. did not expect Hong Kong Disneyland to be influx with mainland China customer which cut queue, pushing from behind all the while in Disneyland. working staff is way too little, did not have anyone to control the crowds and their behaviour. it was just a very bad experience at Disneyland. Food was terrible yet at exorbitant price. definitely will not recommend any tourist to visit. it will be a whole day wasted.
Waited my whole life to see Disneyland, it was worth the wait! Parade at 4:30 let us see all of our favorite characters. Just wished they had screens showing old cartoons. Go with or without kids! Great!!
Instead of doing a traditional big party during her 7th birthday we went to HK for disneyland. We opted to buy on klook app cause it was cheaper but we ended up buying at the place. no need to bring passport. better to start in the morning to make your money worth it! we brought a stroller and it was a good move for us cause we could put stuff in it also. we didnt buy any toys there since it was pricey. we just bought at toys r us harbour mall. Our favorite ride was the majestic mansion. and the grizzly bear was a thrill! my daughter and i dont usually ride stuff life that. but we tried it cause we could see even smaller kids going on. my daughter got a bit scared cause it was going really fast and it went backward! which was unexpected cause we didnt know that part! haha. all in all we had a good time!
We took our 2 & 5 year olds to Disneyland and had a fantastic day, we lucked it with the crowds and went on every ride! Kids loved it, Nana loved it   great day out. Highly recommend going.
This place is very lively. The rides out here are good. Any one going here must wait till the end to watch the parade. It is too good.
One of the smaller Disneylands I have been to but the wait lines were very short, 15 min max on a week day. Include the shows in your itinerary   the Festival of the Lion King, Villains Night Out Parade and fireworks   definitely added to the Disney experience.
More than a day is needed to cover all aspects of this theme park. Fun and safe   more for young children than teenagers, unless it's just a fun activity for those young at heart!
Hong Kong Disneyland is an awesome experience as long as you do not go to the park on the Monday following the National Day celebrations in Hong Kong (1st October 2016).We found that a lot of the locals and those from the Mainland took the Monday off after the National Day public holiday which increased the number of people going to Disneyland by 200%.The increase in the number of people means long queues, long waits for rides, rude and ignorant people jostling and or sprinting for rides.Avoid the Monday at all costs and go on the Tuesday where you will avoid all of the above and enjoy the park a great deal more.
Take the train as means of transport, it's convenient. Not really much enjoyed my visit here. Maybe because I feel too old for it. But it's really great for young people and young at heart people! Bring stroller for kids, because it's a huge place!
Not a bad copy of the original Disneyland and had some especially good rides including the Star Wars and Mine rides. Probably more suited to very young children and not so much for the older kids or teens. On a day that is not too busy, you can get through the park quite quickly so still needs more. Felt there were more shops and eating places than rides but then it does take time to build up attractions in these parks. Still worth it if you have kids that haven't been to the original in LA.
Great experience for first timers. Must try rides include Grizzly Gulch and The Nightmare Experiments. Very good actors in The Nightmare Experiments. Different creepy sensation due to its human actors. However the actors need to be very careful for the personal space. What good about machine is that it is already designed for the human safety but if the machine is replaced by human actors, creativity can be happening during the show and for sure it must not violate the safety rules. For me, I don't prefer human actors especially in the horror rides.
From the previous TA reviews I was thinking a trip out to the happiest place on earth was going to be a day spent in queues. I was pleasantly surprised. With a 10 & 12 year old in tow, we joined the queue at the front of the park and it turned out to be the longest wait. About 30 minutes. The rides in the park with the longest queues seemed to be at the infant rides. It was a week day and we got there as the gates opened, which contributed.
It's my first Disneyland I been. Impressive technology and decoration for halloween. We went on a non peak season (after mid autumn festival) we are able to play at least twice each of the game. Food in park need to improve we bought burger for lunch but it's really not compatible with the price we pay. May need to improve.
Recently took our daughter there as a surprise for her 21st Birthday she was given a badge when we arrived and all the staff and characters made a fuss of her. Having been the Disney parks in the USA this is quite small, it was not peak time so the waiting time for the rides was only 5  10 mins. They was a lack of Characters around that you could have a photo with which was a shame. Other than that it had the same 'Disney Magic' and we had an amazing day.
This park isn't as nice as the one in Japan Anaheim Paris Orlando or Shanghai. It's smaller and lacks the charm of the others. Not as many places to eat and frankly it's a little boring.  The staff is friendly however.
Parks should have limitation on the capacity of what the park can hold. I cant believe we stood for 1 and a half hour outside the park just to get inside under the hot sun. Inside the park. you can barely see the park attendants. no one is there to assist you. all the rides are still the same compared to when I last went there when I was just a kid. It seems like they made no effort to change the rides except to change the name of the rides depending what cartoon is trending.Place is small and crowded. It was supposed to be a magical exprience for us. But now. I will never go back here again
Need to put more excitement activity for adult too. But, overall still a magical land for kiddos. Encouraging Good Manners & courtesy is much needed by their employees.
Disney is always a great experience. When we went there were no lines. You can do the whole park in one day. Clean and great service.
The price to get in here was pretty steep for what you get for it. The Gulch mine cart ride was well worth it and the boat trip around the island at adventure land (I think) was entertaining. The Star Wars ride was thrilling through pitch darkness but the wait for this ride was ridiculous and no fans or coolers to keep such a large number of people cool in high heat and humidity while they wait. We just waited for long periods of time in line after line for short rides. There weren't too many spots to sit down to rest and you could only buy the designated branded items on sale at their high prices for food and drinks. The family were pretty frazzled by early afternoon and we pulled the pin only to have to wait in lines for the train to stand all the way back to the hotel.
We are regular visitors and love the place. Great entertainment, small enough so you can get to all the rides, their is plenty to do but the popular rides do get busy by 11.00 am so get there early and the queues are very short. By the afternoon expect to queue so grab a show and relax.
Didn't actually visit the park, rather went around the free areas (which was a decent morning activity). Still plenty to see, navigating the open fountain, the pier and seeing the hotels. Getting to the park by the MTR is a treat in itself. Cute Disney themed train and an impressive station to please the child inside you. We went early to beat the crowds and breathe in the fresh air. The hordes start to swarm in later, so do take note (we got many unobstructed shots of the sign and fountain early on). Will be back to actually enter the park. Review coming soon to a TripAdvisor near you.
To me it seemed like Disney on a smaller scale, all the same rides but smaller. The lines went long at all. I live in Japan and used to the long lines and fastpass sellout before 1030. However here it wasn't the case, whats annoying is the Chinese give you no personal space. I've lived in Tokyo for 15 years so I'm accustom to being packed in tight on trains but everyone is polite. There I felt like I was getting grinded on waiting to ride Peter Pan.
We visited with our 2 grand kids 10yrs & 8yrs on Thursday & Friday. It was the kids special days. Got picked up at Hotel 10am and did not leave till after fireworks both days. Long days but plenty to see and do. Did not have to wait very long for the rides and had plenty of time to wait in queues to have photos taken with different characters.The kids loved getting dressed up as Star Wars and being part of the show, the only Aussie kids on stage. Highlight was 'The Lion King' show
We really enjoyed outlet day at Disneyland. It was not busy like Anaheim. There are not as many attractions as Disneyland in Anaheim so it's easy to go around in 1 day. The attractions that are the same as Anaheim still have slight differences which was really good. Definitely a must to see!
I am glad we got a 2 day pass, and not just 1!We took three children (2,5,8), with us to Disneyland and had a ball, actually wished we had stayed longer.We did stay at the hotel too, so that is definitely what added to the experience.We all loved it   we were also lucky as we went during the week so there were no big crowds.The staff are all friendly and helpful and the whole experience for the kids is just great.The only disappointment for us is the price of everything! On our first day we stopped and got burgers chips and drinks in one of the restaurants.....it cost us nearly $200 AUD......I just think the resort (inc the hotels ), needs a reasonably priced supermarket!Other than that though, just a great experience for the whole family!!!Jedi training and  it's a small world  we're a hit with my kids
Only down falls not enough sitting area, shaded areas and drinks are very expensive. (Day was extremely hot.) Tuesday seemed to be an excellent day as we never waited longer than 10 min for anything.
Had a great day with wife and three kids between 5 and 11. Visited on a Monday and the crowds were small, walked straight onto most rides all day. Staff very friendly and entertaining. Even some lower key attractions, like 4D movie, were very enjoyable. Food better price and quality than expected. These positives more than made up for hot weather and the park being smaller than those in US and Paris. Found Disney characters much more accessible at this park, there were lots all day and all very accessible and entertaining. A must do for 1 day when in Hong Kong. We stayed from open to closing fireworks.
Was a fantastic day for the entire family. Easy to get to using the MTR trains. Not too expensive and the kids had a great time. The food options were little limiting but its one day so you can cope. One day is enough though.
We chose a one day tour with a local company, 10.30 hotel pick up and return after the evening fireworks. It turned out to be a very long day for two more  mature  adults. The weather was hot and very humid. Plenty to amuse the kids but less of interest to us. The park was not very busy and popular rides generally had only small queues so we manged to do what we wanted with plenty of time to spare. 4 to 5 hours would have been enough. Food and drink is quite expensive, and you can't get a cold beer, at least not where we ate.
Even though we visited the park in the wrong season (hot like h*** in the summer heat!!), kids and wife still had a great fun filled day trying out every rides.
Simply wow wow. what a place for kids and elders. 3rd biggest disneyland in the world post U.S. followed by Paris. Kids go crazy here. Must a visit place in Hong Kong.
We bought a 2 day ticket for disneyland. There were no queues when we went and we were a easily able to complete all the attractions within a couple of hours. Because it was so hot and humid we ended up having 2 half days there which actually worked out really well.There aren't that many attractions for those without young children. One of the best was a Halloween special called Mickey's Laboratory which was excellent but very scary! There are a couple of roller coasters and a 3d cinema, plus the simpler rides like winnie the pooh.Food seemed reasonably priced and varied. It's a small park, much smaller than Paris and Orlando. But they seem to be building more attractions all of the time. Looks like the new Iron Man will be opening soon. What is there is of super high quality like you would expect from Disney.Worth a visit for the authentic Disney experience but don't expect to be there long!
This Disneyland isn't much if you're looking for a theme park with rides. Most of them were rides I think only children under 5 would enjoy apart from the three thrill rides! The lion king show was great however the way they had people queuing seemed dangerous as when they put the rope down people were running and pushing passed each other. I wouldn't recommend it to adults and I'm a big Disney fan. Skip this one and go to a better Disneyland.
Went here with my family and husband last January 2016. We get to ride everything we chose. There were no lines because I believe a rainy season in HK so theres no much tourists. Dont bother waiting in long line at the car rides unless you have kids lol!
Good experience and fun. Make sure to come early to enjoy most of the rides at the Hongkong disneyland
We brought our kids to Hong Kong Disneyland as we knew it would be a smaller version of the original one in the USA. We took a train there to save the traffic hassle. It was a good exposure for the kids to the rides, typical Disneyland entertainment (shows, parades, dining) including the long queues. We took advantage of the attraction tickets (time based) to avoid the queues where we could and this helped to save time. Its a great place to spend the entire day with the kids though lots of walking and drinking water is needed. Staff are friendly and professional. Be aware your bags backpacks will be checked before entering to prevent you from bringing in outside foods etc...
Disappointing fireworks show. Nothing special here, I prefer other Disneyland than this one in Hong Kong. A lot of people cutting queues and shoving around.
I was a little too late because I entered around 2.30 pm because of my flight schedule. It was friday so it wasn't really crowded, so i could enjoy some of the great attractions.   this place was like a dream. really love it.
This was my first time going to disneyland at all. This place is very small compare to other disneyland but it had a lot of cool rides and things to experience. My favorite ride was the Star War ride....its all dark inside and just screammmmm!!! very cool!! The princess castle was small but ok. Since it was raining the parade was kept short but fun to watch....highly recommend to visit this place...parents will not be exhausted chasing your kids around because its not that big.
Visited with a dance group (who performed pre 3pm parade). While compact, it means that you have more opportunities to see everything.When we visited (a Tuesday) there were few queues, which meant we could get onto most rides. I found no more than a 15 minute wait for any ride (mosts were only a couple of minutes). The variety of rides even for someeone who hates Rollercoasters ensured I had a great time. Importantly on my own I felt safe within the park.Both parades were great as was the fireworks at the end of the night.Two minor drawbacks   there was little seating throughout the park outside resturants to sit down to break and food drink was a little overpriced with few options (but you do expect this in a park like this).My favourite part was so hard to decide but I loved all the areas!
Great fun and a busy day. Went on weekday to beat long cues & heat. Lion King show was the highlight
It has everything for young and the not so young.  The Lion King show is wonderful and captures the stage show very well.  Food and drink is pricey as can be expected. Lots of fun for rteenagers.
Taking my children to Disneyland was the main purpose of my visit to Hong Kong this time. I've never been to other Disneyland parks in the world so I am not in a position to compare, but it seemed to me there are too many visitors from PRC to this park. Others are saying food in the park was expensive but I don't think so. We went to Royal Banquet Hall and the prices were Ok. You can even save a little bit if you buy meal vouchers online in advance. One thing I experienced during my visit in September was that they made a Halloween Mickey head near the entrance, which I did not enjoy very much, just in my personal opinion.
Visited 27 28th September and generally had a great time. Park was busy but not like America but was very hot so this made queuing quite tiring. As at most Disney parks the prices were excessive for little quality (in terms of food) and meeting princesses and other characters was badly managed. As a father of 2 children I was extremely frustrated at the time spent queuing, not because I begrudged it but because 80% of people in the queue were adults who wanted 5  photos and autographs. Maybe it's just me but I thought that sort of thing was for children? Other than that I have been to Orlando and Paris and feel this park more than holds its own. Our only disappointment was the princesses were not involved in the parades as its Halloween, I feel they could have been involved in the 15:00 parade.
Not Bad but Queue was long with many PRC. Things are bit expensive. Go once is enough I think. I enjoy the fireworks, that cannot be missed.
We visited with our 8 year old daughter and this was great fun.  We all enjoyed the rides in particular buzz lightyear and poohs corner.  Everything was just a bit more professional than other theme parks we've been too
We went to the park 3 days during our stay, mu kids loved it.Food is overpriced, but all parks are!Monday was the best day to go, we walked on every ride with no wait time.Sunday was crazy and big queues for some ridesoverall enjoyed it
As a self confessed Disney fan having visited Disney parks all over the world I can say I enjoyed this park alot. Park was clean and well presented.  Food  was the usual theme park fair. I can say I totally enjoyed my day here.
Loved this small Disneyland park. From someone who is a frequent visitor to WDW in Florida (which is HUGE), this small park was a welcome change. The weather was ridiculously hot but we enjoyed touring this park for two days. Could have been done in one day but it was nice to stay at the hotel when the heat was the worst. This is a beautifully landscaped, clean park. The ride lines were short when we were there and we enjoyed riding a couple rides (such as Mystic Manor) that are unique to HK Disneyland. Hong Kong on the whole is a beautiful place, the people are friendly and it is very much  western  friendly with most people speaking English. My only complaint is there could be more quick service restaurants with more  western  food. Trying to find food other than snacks in the park was very challenging. I would love to return to HK to spend more time and in doing so would return to HK Disneyland.
We spent a full day here and had a great time on the ride and watching different shows, it was great.
We enjoyed our whole stay in Hong Kong Disneyland. We tried most rides and attractions. It was all good! The huge volume of people (since it was weekend) add up to the hotness of weather that time. Thank God it did not rain although the weather forecast says it will. All in all it was a very memorable experience, and our LITTLE KID INSIDE did come out and Enjoyed singing  A Whole New World  while watching the Fireworks. The only thing that was disappointing is that there are no Disney characters present that time.Just an addition, the transportation was very good in Hong Kong, it is very easy to go anywhere, anytime. Just don't be afraid to ask. :)
Small place and lined up everywhere as in other Disneyland. Suggest to go later at noon to avoid tourist groups. Make sure to get in before the parade and take a good spot to enjoy it!
The way you get there is very magical they even have their own bus! With cute little Mickey Mouse ears. The enjoyment and memories you will have here the delicious popcorn and vouchers for discounts on ice cream!
We enjoyed the visit to Disneyland even though it was very, very hot. We went in the week so the queues were not that long. The rides were free and we enjoyed the train ride around the park. The staff are efficient.
On our visit the fireworks were cancelled, the Halloween Event cancelled, there were only two Disney Characters we saw in the park, 60% of the restaurants were closed and we cant access on the web the pictures we paid Disney for. All in all a very disappointing days outing. The park is not what is was and certainly not worth the entrance price.
I read that this is the smallest Disneyland so when we visited last week we really take our time enjoying everything. We went with children age 3 and 5. We've been to Disneyland Tokyo and LA. I think i like Hong Kong the most because it's small so we don't have to walk far from one attraction to the next. So we started our tour on Adventure Land and walk towards the Fantasy Land. We spend quote sometimes in Toy Story and Fantasy Land because there are many things for younger kids. By 7pm we didn't have time to walk through Tomorrow Land. The tips is to be excited and just enjoy everything, if you are a Disney Lover.
If you have option better visit other disneylands... this one is very small and in Sept when we went was very hot and humid.  Typical disneyland fun.. kids will enjoy... parade is fun  Everything inside is very expensive.
I'm in my 30s and I had one of the best times of my life. One day is not enough to explore everything. You have to start really early and plan ahead which rides and shows you're going in.
yes this is the smallest of the disney parks, do you need a fully day here, well no. It was busy and hot and several rides had broken down including the rollercoaster and also the car racer in toy story land. They also closed 3 lands at 5pm for a private function, if i knew that I would not have booked as this was not on the website!
Everything is spic and span in this place, enticing you and promising great entertainment, but for the queues and long waiting time. The Toy Story Land parachute drop, dog spin and RC racer are designed to draw your adrenalin in gushes, but naturally the queues are longer here. I liked the Adventureland attractions the most, Rafts to Tarzan   s Tree House, Jungle River Cruise being my best features. The waiting time was less here. This segment held out a great promise.The Space Mountain high speed ride in dark at the futuristic Tomorrowland segment is full of thrills. Never miss it. The parade show is full of fun and frolic and, of course, the expected dose of glitter. The fireworks show with the castle background in the evening was for me a show of a life time. It was so well coordinated with the accompaniment of music.All these and the journey in the special Disneyland train makes it a sparkling place for wholesome entertainment.
We visited HK disneyland on a Monday and entered around 11am. With our experience at Tokyo Disneyland, we very already planned out our route and deciding which fast pass we should get. To our pleasant surprise there is no need for fast pass at all. My first few rides had waiting times of 5 15min and the longest I waited was for a performance which is 45min and that is still so much shorter as compared to the 2 3hrs wait for one ride at Tokyo. The night parade was sadly suspended during our trip but the fireworks was still awesome. The atmosphere is definitely lacking as compared to Tokyo Disneyland but in return u get shorter queues and more rides. Not too bad actually ;)
If this is your first Disnelyland experience then it  s super cool. But if you are already see few other Disnelands then you see how small this is. But of course with kids its nice to go.
Hong Kong is so modern and so high that i was expecting something bigger...but it is actually a smaller DisneyLand Park than the one in Paris for exemple. the good thing is the wait was a third of the wait you will do in paris in the same month
Celebrated my daughter's bday there. Out of the world experience. The best place. Amazing shows : Lion King was the show stealer!!!!
Very clean and no long lines for rides. A little sterile and very few characters so not a lot of life very good for small children but not teenaged looking for a thrill  even a little boring. Worth a trip to say you've been but not like it's sister version in LA
Disneyland...One of the most important reason for my Hong Kong visit was good. The park is planned quite well and has ample activities for the kids. The Storytelling was also excellent. The only thing it lacked was high adrenaline rides such as roller coasters which can give you goosebumps as we have experienced in other theme parks.The Halloween parade was very well organised. The fireworks was awesome and have never seen such a live co ordinated show of this sort.
We would not recommend to spend time at the Disney in Hong Kong if you have visited the disneyland in Paris and the US.The Visitors are rude and don`t follow the line concept. we were surprised that some of they just keep pushing to jump the line.Horrible experience.
We booked our tickets for Disneyland Hong Kong in the U.K. before we flew out to Asia.Park was easy to get to, we used the Hong Kong railway system and it was easy and efficient. The last train ride is a Disney themed train with Mickey Mouse shaped windows and handrail etc. My 3 year old daughter loved that.Ticket system was quick and we didn't have to wait long to enter the park. Hong Kong Disney reminded me a lot of Disneyland Paris, but I did prefer Paris. The palace at the bottom of Main St is a lot smaller than that in Paris, but the usual merchandise stores are there in HK.My daughter particularly loved the Fantasyland area as it is all Princess themed. Queues weren't too bad considering the time of year we visited.There's a really lovely Tarzan Treehouse which we all loved. As well as Grizzly Gulch with squirting fountains. These were a great relief from the boiling heat we had when we visited.We went to see the the early afternoon parade and got into our places fairly early, although, unlike Paris it would seem this early position is not necessary. Parade was lovely with most of the main characters making an appearance.We ate in one of the Disneyland Hotels and went for the character dining options. It was all you can eat buffet style, which again we booked before we left the UK. The buffet was delicious with loads of options and we met Mickey, Minnie, Tigger & Piglet. Be warned though, very very expensive! (  170 for the three of us!!!!!!) A lovely day was had by all of us, it sure I'd hurry back but glad we have been.
I had visited for my sons 10th birthday but it left me mesmerised It takes you to a different world The shows are awesome The day and night parade is a must watch The characters lovely My son was Jedi fighting with darth Vader This place made the whole HongKong trip worth itFood costly so carry some snacksVisit on weekdays to avoid rush Do have the train ride
I'm 22 and went with my partner and loved it! I have been brought up on Disney films so loved wondering round going on rides and singing the songs.I definitely recommend going on a weekday out of school holidays as there are very short queues, the maximum was 15 minutes for a couple of rides but many of them had no queue so we just kept going round several times until we were bored and moved onto the next one.My favourite rides were mystic manor which is really cool and the buzz lightyear one where you shoot targets which got very competitive between my partner and I! We managed to comfortably go on all the ride we wanted to within in a day and see one of the shows. I recommend planning your show times so your near the area for the time you want to go. The lion king show was great get there 10 minutes before the show time and good place to cool down in the middle of the day and escape from the heat! The food is pricey for HK although not ridiculous in comparison to European prices. We had no problem taking some of our own food in with us as long as it's not an excessive amount. Hence I recommend a big breakfast, by some bread from your local MTR and snacks to take with you and grab some dinner when your out of the park to save money. I have visited the Paris Disneyland a couple of times before and in comparison I found the parades disappointing. The 3pm only had 3 big floats and the nighttime villain parade only had 2 although they did a bit more of a show outside the front of the castle you need to be close to watch it. In Paris the parades were long and interactive, encouraging children into the parade for dancing and engagement which I liked, thus this was disappointing in comparison and the music was excessively loud!Another small disappointment was the lack of characters simply walking around in costume. I'm not sure if this is due to the climate in HK but in Paris one of the big things for children is getting characters to sign your autograph book which isn't a thing here at all! And in Paris you would spot characters all the time and easily be able to ask for an autograph or a photo where as in HK there is only a few booths with organised lines and limited times so very few opportunities for photos with the Stars which is a shame! I would definitely recommend staying for the fireworks which are done really nicely. TIP: get in front of the castle half an hour early and sit on the ground in the designated area for a clear view with no tall people blocking you!
It's a Mini Disneyland.... expect the prices of food and souvenir items are a bit high... I enjoy our trip there though it's so hot and tiring(coz we just arrived in HK when we go there)... Disneyland, however small or big it is, is truely enjoyable ;)
I enjoyed our whole day tour in Disneyland even though it was a bit raining.  The rides were amazing, the entertainers were amazing, however the lines for the picture opportunity for the Disney characters were very long.
It's a smaller version of Anahem but still worth going. Very clean and organised as they all are. If you have kids they will enjoy their tjime there, this probably goes without saying
Hell for parents and paradise for kids )) Big queues, hard to get to normal (not fast food) restaurants, but this is general for all Disney's
This Disneyland park still retains the magic (and long lines) of the Disneyland in the US although it felt much less crowded (and therefore less stressful).I came here with my sister and my niece and my niece thoroughly enjoyed herself (these parks are more for the kids than the adults). As a California native (supplanted in Asia), I also thoroughly enjoyed the experience of an Asian Disneyland (Tokyo will be next on my list).
The attention to details and decoration in this park is amazing. It has all the disney classic rides with some decent thrillers (not as good as Ocean Park's rides though). I also liked the fact it was not a huge park so if you get there by early morning you can manage to go through most of the park attractions with proper planning and time management.
It was a beautiful land where kids can play. They serve food to eat by charge. Extremely clean environtment. They have aircondioned toilet so you won't get overheated in summer visit. They have their own subway  MTR line to the Disneyland.
This place is suitable for family..nice n full of event n shopping.food n beverage everywhere ...every nite at 8 pm there r fireworks show except sat n sun at 10 pm
We visited the park over two days...Monday and Tuesday. There were virtually no line ups for any of the rides. From memory, Winnie the Pooh ride had the longest wait time (20 mins) on the day that we were there. But that depends on the time of the day as we went again late afternoon and there was no waiting at all.Over a couple of days we managed to go on all the rides several times. Managed to catch a couple of shows as well...The Lion King and Disney Wonderous Book shows are highly recommended. As is the Donald Duck 3D show.The options were not too bad either. A few options available from fried stuff, to asian cuisine and pasta. Expect to pay high prices but that is to be expected. Its not crazy expensive though.The 3pm parade was a little disappointing.The night time fireworks was OK.Overall we really enjoyed our 2 days at Disneyland and would recommend visiting the park on weekdays.
Everyone has a childhood, but not everyone gets to taste the childhood fantasy. Disneyland is the place for you, your partner, your friends, your children, your parents, grandparents and so on! Everybody knows what Disneyland has for you, but Hong Kong Disneyland is unique in that it's small, compact and equally excited. Smaller means less people and less queuing time so you can enjoy more in a day. Have great fun!
It was the best 2 days in Hong Kong . Very nice ambiance lovely interiors . The fireworks was spectacular . Very good restaurants and the games were so good . it took me back to my child hood we all enjoyed it so much . Very easy communications on the map to follow with clear directions . The performance was very good . Shops to buy souvenirs . Over all experience was great .
I will give a few tips. We went there with my 6 year old. Lots of rides to choose from. Must spend a while day there. Make the most of it by going early and mid week. We went on a Tuesday and did not have to queue for very long.
Went there when it was raining. Very few people, longest wait for a ride was 15 mins and it was the Winnie the Pooh one. Great food court, as I love dim sum and noodles. The smallest Disney park I've been to (been to most, except for the one in Shanghai and France). We took our time, rode some rides twice, ate lunch, and we were done in about six hours.
We had less time so we just went to tomorrowland and fantasyland. We enjoyed a lot in 4 hours. We had yummy cheesecakes and sandwitch. We bought disneyland t shirts whic were expensive. We enjoyed the environment and clicked pictures with the disney characters.
Went on a Monday, so wasn't all that crowded. Could be a great time for kids and those who've never had the Disney experience, but could be a disappointment for those who've done Anaheim. The food is mediocre and expensive, but that's to be expected. Some of the attractions were in Cantonese only, so us English speakers were left wondering, but again, that's to be expected.
Ok...i was a lil apprehensive about doing 2 days or 1 day. If you have small children do 2 days....it's Disneyland!! They will LOVE it!!! Toy Story Land is amazing!! We will def be coming back.
We spent a full day here while it was raining. Whilst the rain wasn't ideal, it did mean that it was not crowded at all and we could get straight into any of the shows, rides and amusements that we wanted. I am over 60 and this brought back so many wistful memories of my childhood. I soooo loved it. The magnificent fireworks display at the end of the day was just the icing on the cake. Transport to and from was easy and I especially loved the Disneyland train carriages with their blue seat, and Mickey Mouse windows and handles. Top day!!!!
We hope you will have a magical day. That is true. This place is full of magic. Fireworks are great and Disney characters are live in this theme park. Definitely will come again to this place. September is Halloween theme in here. Will arrange different month to see other themes.
It brings back childhood memories with the fun and wholesome shows and the Disney characters you see everywhere. It also awakens the thriller in you with their heart stopping rides (U shaped zero gravity ride). It's fun place for adventures. No matter how thrilling or scary the rides are, you still get the feeling that you're safe and that everything they offer won't put you at risk. There are queue updates that will help you plan out your activities and maximize your stay. You're not allowed to bring foood and drinks inside. Also, the food they sell are expensive.The only bummer in our trip was that it rained and we left without watching the fireworks.I will always want to go back here! :D
The place is done so beautiful. Kids and grown ups will love the place the same.To reach the place the best option is MTR, u should get down in Sunny Day station and take the disney land train.U should definitely wait for the fireworks in the evening before leavings. Tats a spectacular show.Food is a little expensive inside the park but they don't stop u from bringing in food. Water booths are available in the park, it would be good if u can carry a bottle. There usually is a one hour line to get the entry tickets so do plan accordingly. We went on a public holiday and it took us one hour. So it might be a little less on usual days i assume.Do opt for fast pass system for the good rides wherein u can get a time slot to enter a ride without a line. All u have to do is go there a little early and get the fast pass for the ride. Its free.
My family and I spent a great day out at Disneyland. My 3 kids enjoyed all that it had to offer especially toystory land. My wife and really like the shops as they had lots of awesome merchandise!
HK Disneyland is really for the young and the young at heart compared to the Universal Studios in Singapore (which I've visited 2yrs ago) offering more extreme rides.  Here, it is more relaxing and very child friendly. Me and my baby really enjoyed the place.
This was the highlight of my trip so far! Nothing can ever beat the feeling of watching the fireworks during the night. I felt like I was a kid all over again and seeing all these beauty really made me happy. I'll really come back here again soon.
Of course is not USA or Eurodisney, is a bit small, but is wonderful for kids.Suggest that take a rainy day, as the park will be few crowded. And don't forget your suncream The shows are always crowded with long long long queue (is not a mistake) so try to the first.Don't have scary roller coasters but is a great place to go with kids till 10 years old.The staff are nice and helpful and there is a variety of food (overprice)
one of the best experience i ever have in my life, kids enjoyed a lot.Lion king show must see, and the parade. Fire works in the night is awesome.but food and drink in side the park is very expencive
The organization of these events is truly professional and attractive to teens, young adults and children
It's a nice theme based entertainment hub for people of all ages. Lots of ways to have fun and entertainment by one and all. It's a good place to visit with family, friends or solo. The fire work show at the end of the day is special attraction for all.
If this is your first trip to Disney you will enjoy this place. If you have been to Florida La you will be disappointed as so small in comparison. Really easy to get to. Mtr takes you to the door. Tickets reasonable. We got a discount via our hotel. Paid 443hk$ each. Spent time wandering around and then joined the Jedi training session. This was funny to watch. Lots of young kids getting taught how to fight the bad guys. We even had a visit from Darth Vader himself! The park was quiet when we visited on. Monday morning in September. We didn't queue for anything! Nice day out.
My wife and I had a great two days at the Hong Kong Disneyland Resort. While the park is small, it has some very good rides. Mystic Manor and Grizzly Mountain are unique to Hong Kong and both great rides   Mystic Maon is unlike any other Disney ride. I enjoyed the Hyperspace Mountain version of Space Mountain and consider it an improvement over the original.
I am not a child anymore but i LOVED the place. It's the first time i had visited Disneyland and I was completely mesmerized. But a pair of Minnie Mouse ears and enjoy your day in this fairy tale! We went there at 11 and stayed until closing, they have great restaurants for lunch and desert shops for sweets&refreshments.
It's my 2nd time around to go to Disneyland Hong kong last Sept.9, 2016. Unfortunately it was raining the whole morning thus we decided to go there 12nn. Pros: short line for maskot picture taking, rides, meal since only a few were present. Cons: Many shows were cancelled, limited rides, pochos & umbrellas were sold in a rocketly increasing unrational price! Good thing when the rain somehow stopped, fireworks show was seen.
The service staff Manning the queue at Cinderella photo taking spoil the day for my whole family.Incident happened on 19sept2016 at around 1240pm.was directed to push my baby pram underneath the queue line then when I was trying to get under the queue line,the guy then pulled the rope quite forcefully and it hit my head which he did not even apologise but instead he shouted in a very rude manner.pls note that I do not understand Cantonese and I was just following his gesture.Super bad experience manz.doesnt reflect on Disney at all.does Disney encourages violences and rudeness as well as bad service and attitude?
First time to a Disneypark and I had a great time. Not as big as LA parks but still enough to fill in a day. Rides and shows for all ages, food was surprisingly well priced, I had expected it to be really expensive. Easy to commute by MTR or Taxi. Worth a look
I was very excited to visit Hong Kong Disney. It did not open until 10:30am and we were there for the opening. We never waited in one line. As it was not high season it was not too busy. We walked onto every ride with no wait. In fact many we asked to stay on and they let us go on the ride again as there was no line. They had only 3 fast pass rides however it was not necessary to use any fast passes. There were numerous characters around the park in different locations.
I already expected less when I went there. It is smaller than Tokyo's and basically has the same rides. Even the street peddler actually sells similar food, like turkey leg. Maybe all disneyland across the world having same kind of food. Surprisingly it's not as crowded as Tokyo's, and I covered all the rides in one day.The toilet pretty much well maintained, a lady will watch for every toilet and clean the stall once someone finish. But you can't avoid ill mannered tourist who doesn't know how to flush properly (and the toilet lady angry in cantonese).The most amazing thing there, I lost my passport. I went back a day after and successfully retrieve it without not much hassle. Note that they didn't allow selfie stick (I don't know why). Security will warn if you still insist.
Walt Disney never disappoints in any part of the world, a family oriented affair through out the day through the evening. Friendly staff , souvenirs a bit tad expensive but then what the heck it goes into ur personal collection. September a great month to visit. Mystic manor, the 4D theatre the hyperspace mountain are something to try out
I have been there more than half a dozen times. Once inside, you feel like you are backtracked to childhood in a fairyland, regardless of age. You can smell it, hear it and see it. All the theme shows and activities are similar in Disneyland all over the world, but here in Hong Kong, you can do a lot more within a shorter period and save a lot of legwork. The floor design is very compact and you can go from one to the next within short distance. The parade is one of the best in the world and you must stay long enough to watch the fireworks at night, at around 8pm.
Visited Hong Kong Disneyland with my husband and three children, ages 7, 5, and 2. We had a beautiful, albeit very warm, day at the park. Having been to Disney World in Orlando several times, this park was much smaller scale and was a bit underwhelming by comparison. At the outset, we were frustrated because my husband purchased tickets to the park online upon our arrival at the park, and we were told we would have to wait one hour before we could gain entry, even though he had received a confirmation of purchase. Not what we wanted to hear when we had three eager children at the gates. We were really disappointed by the lack of characters to be found around the park. Plus, we tried to visit with Mickey and Minnie, Pluto and Jessie from Toy Story, and each time we were told to come back later, as they were closing for a break. It was a little frustrating that they don't have replacements available. We waited in long lines  generally 30 minutes to an hour for each ride  but we were there the day after a Chinese holiday so it is possible that we encountered higher than normal crowd volumes. This meant that in the 7 hours we stayed, we only rode 7 rides, and took one breaks for a beverage and one for lunch. In addition, they shut down three sections of the park at 4:30 for special events, which undoubtedly also contributed to overcrowding of the rides. The bad news covered, Toy Story Land was very unique and creatively designed, the park was well maintained, and the smaller size of the park made it manageable to navigate in one day, but I would not make a special effort to return.
It was a blazing hot summer during our visit. Not too many shady spots but was good to walk around. The free wifi was not strong all throughout the park. We took the MTR for the experience. Nice to have the train decorated ala Disney ears and characters. The park overall is not that big and probably can be covered in a day itself. There were just a decent number of rides for younger children. Food wise some restaurants were not opened throughout the park. We went to the one nearby Misty Manor which was great. Finding a table can be challenging so best to go after the peak meal times. There was a great sneak peak to the upcoming Halloween party in October which was really cool. Stay back for the fireworks! It's always the best way to end the visit.
When going with child, definitely visit to Disneyland. Lots of rides. Star wars theme rides were good. Overall a great experience. You need a full day to spend at disney.
Easily the smallest of the 3 I've been and I didn't get to see too much of traffic as we did it on a weekday. Getting there on MTR was very convenient with a train and station dedicated to it. Overall a pleasant visit and a day full of fun n frolic. One must wait to see the 3o'clock parade !!
We visited Anaheim Disneyland 2 years ago and it's interesting to see the same theme with a bit of Asian touch. Even though it's not as big, it's worth seeing. A lot cheaper too.We went on a Monday and it was raining so the crowd wasn't bad. With raincoats and umbrellas, we continue to enjoy ourselves by going on a few rides.
We visited Disneyland HK with our three kids   4,6, and 7. We did 90% of the rides attractions in one day! Yes it was tiring for the kids  rented a stroller for our youngest son but the older two walked the entire time. We were there from when it opened to about 5pm (nobody had the energy to stay any longer). Honestly my kids at this age could careless about the parade. The lines were not bad at all, the longest wait was probably 10 mins. DO get fast passes for Winnie the Pooh and Hyperspace mountain. You'd need to pre register for the Jedi training in advance (by hyperspace mountain and check the show times). Yes the rudeness of the mainlanders is not a myth....we've encountered a few pushes here and there to attempt to cut in front of us. Over all it is def doable to do everything in one day if you're an adult or coming with older children. Another note  my 4 yr old was tall enough to ride the hyperspace mountain but he DID NOT like the ride at all. Started crying in the middle of it (too dark fast). Would advise kids 5 and under to not ride this even if they are tall enough.
Did not think it's worth the money,does not compare to other Disney parks.Very compact and would not like to be their in peak season.The staff in the main are good and polite but board stiff (sorry disney)The site and toilets are very clean ,be prepared to Que for the few rides on the parkwould I go again NO
We couldn't get the best of Hong Kong Disney land as it rained on the day we visited. Ideally it is best to visit disneyland on weekdays as weekend will be busy with longer lines as more locals are expected to visit. Also check on the weather, if it rains they may not have few events happening or it may be a rainy day version.The best way to get to the Disneyland is by MTR and there is a dedicated train that gets you here. Upon entry do get a copy of Guidemap and Times Guide to plan your day and to get the best of it. Food can be expensive and they dont allow outside food unless you are smart enough to sneak through some light snacks and drinks. Don't miss the daily night fireworks atop the Sleeping Beauty Castle at 0730pm.The best way to get the best of the day is to plan and prioritize the rides and show you prefer and keep a track of the time.
It's a Disney theme park and really you get everything you would expect. Lots of Disney characters, plenty of zones, mixture of thrill rides, fun rides, children's rides, Disney shows, parades and fireworks. It is a lot of fun and since I am a big Star Wars fan the addition of this to Tomorrowland is a huge plus. When we visited the park (Sept) it was quiet as all the local schools were back and so we only had to wait 10 mins max for any ride and all the shows were easily available. Given how long the queues could be this was very welcome. We spent all day there and really enjoyed ourselves as two adults being big kids for the day. There are plenty of restaurants, food stalls and drink stands to choose from if the Park is busy. However they had shuttered a lot of these when we visited due to the lower visitor numbers making the choice somewhat more limited. I would have preferred a couple more  thrill  rides but this park does seem more aimed at smaller children than others I have been to. Also there is no alcohol anywhere in the park which is a shame as a cold beer would be very welcome given the heat. As mentioned above it does get hot in Hong Kong but there is a lot of shade and air conditioning around to make it more tolerable. So definitely worth a visit with kids or without and gives you that real Disney feel.
If u have extra day to spare, and never been to any Disney..den u shud visit..if not ..i wont recommend.Dont know why but something is missing. and if u dont have an extra day and have to choose one from disney or ocean park..it is for sure ocean park.Though some of the rides are mesmerising
the ticket price for Disney is so expensive i researched that the tickets in Hong Kong are more expensive than Paris Disneyland which is ridiculous as in Paris there are more attraction and more rides compared to Hong Kong Disney. however overall a good place to visit with the kids.
It is a place to visit if you r in Hong Kong. Communication to and from is very good as the metro tube MRT goes to Disneyland Activities galore...rides....shows...souvenir shops ...eateries are in abundance inside the park. To use your time efficiently select from the various maps and guides the rides and activities you want to do. It is a whole day program actually... The icing on the cake is the parade at the end of the day....don't miss it.
Great day out from 11am to 8:45pmVery very humid and relatively not too busy. Several stalls , drink vendors and food places were shut. Awesome finale with the light show then the fireworks. Food is a bit on the expensive side. Great souvenir shopping but don't leave it to the very end, you will regret the queues. Train services from Central make getting there a breeze.
The park is comparative smaller than other cities however still as magical and well designed. Good rides for all ages. Most importantly the musical shows and parades and fireworks are not to be missed and creates the real Disney experience.
Well finally I'm here Hong kong Disneyland Must visit Must see the enterance fee about 250 HKG$ fir adult.  The cute things to reach this Disneyland resort there is cute Disney Train will bring us here :)
Always a great day out.  Very well maintained park with all the magic of Disney.  Even monsoon rain didin't dimish the experience as it meant no queues for the rides.  Worth stayiong for the fireworks at the end of the day.
Loved loved loved Disneyland. I have had the privilege of being to both Disneyland and Disneyworld and Disneyland HK (DHK) does not fall short in any way. I would say DHK is most ideal for families with young children. My 5 year old daughter is their ideal target audience and I dont think I have ever seen her soooo happy! She was captivated, mesmerized and then some more :)Lets start at the very beginning. It is possible to complete it in one day provided A. You come in off season and a week day. I imagine holiday time weekends will be jam packed.B. You buy the ticket before hand. We bought ours on klook.com (was 10% cheaper than what the official Disneyland site offers)C. You are there half hour before gate opening.As soon as you enter you will have the prized photo session with Mickey and Minnie. My suggestion is get that out of the way FIRST. The lines become manic for it later as the day progresses.Start at Fantasy Land   it has the most number of rides and shows on offer. The DHK app is fantastic and with the free wifi that is provided it is easy to track the waiting queues for each ride and plan accordingly.DHK also provide for something called a 'fast pass'. This allows you to stamp your card for a ride and it provides you a time slot for which you can cut all queues for that ride. However you can only use your fast pass for one ride at a time. Use it wisely :)Now for the shows   The variety of shows are limited but are spectacular and well worth watching! Factor in show timings when planning your day.You are allowed in food water from outside. If yiu have specific dietary requirements it may be best to plan ahead as the food menu options are limited. I would recommend 'banquet hall' in fantasy land as the place which offers the most variety. Special shout out to the toilets and the staff who keep them clean and non smelly despite the sheer volume of crowds!All in all   I will cherish these memories for the rest of my life and hope my daughter does too xx
Having been to other adventure park it was good to have the comparisons. We found it easy to access via the MTR and very affordable entry price. We also were not alone in the over 50s category with many others making the most of the smaller numbers and decreased demand. The train trip itself is most professional and one of the best such systems in the world.
Start at Toy Story Land then Adventure Land in the morning. Have lunch. Watch Lion King at 2pm. Go to Tomorrowland in the afternoon. Watch the parade at 3pm. More rides. Then take away food for dinner. Save a good spot at 6:30 near the castle to watch fireworks.
Bad timing for us, we visited HK during the rainiest time of the year. But we made it work. The day before it rained all day and we were a bit worried for this trip. The weather said there will be breaks and the day started out as if there wouldn't be a dry time at all!The morning it was so wet! But no worries! With a light rain jacket everything is doable (it was especially easy for a couple without kids). The rain lessened and completely stopped! The lines were super short to all the rides! Yes it is a smaller park compared to others but coming at 12:30 and watching 2 different shows along with their night time fire work show at 7:30. We still rushed at the end to get our pictures and souvenirs. Don't underestimate how  small  it is. It is perfect for a whole day adventure.Do not miss the Mickey story book show. It was amazing! The production was great. (Subtitles are on the side for us English speakers) they did sing in English though. We also saw the lion king show and it was good as well.Their  5 min  wait at the rides was pretty walk on through. Giving those who wants to ride multiple times an easy to do.We had lunch to the food area next to the mystic mansion area (Sorry I forgot the name). But they had 3 different regions of food. We spent about 30 USD for 2 meals of Indian curry and tikka masala and their fried chicken with rice dish. Both was delish for a theme park meal! Tip: go on a weekday and a partly rainy day. Also park opens late and closes early 11 AM 7:30PM.
It's okay, it's small, are the rides shorter cause they feel shorter ?  I wunder if Shanghai Disney is a better day out .
Good place for a day out for children.But when compared to Disney Land in other places, this one seems to be quite small.Still had the regular entertainments and is good for a first timer.The lion king show was excellent.Recommended to carry water bottles from outside, as it is quite expensive to buy inside.
Must visit place if you have young children. They really enjoy when they see their story characters come.alive. do go on a weekday if you dont want to wait in.lon queues. Also do read the park.brochure about the rides which are closed for the day or even resturants as we went to a resturant and found that it was.closed for the day. Do check the show timings and planyour rides accordingly. There are not many rides for adults but the can ride along their children. Also food and drinks very expensive inthe park.like hkd 50 for a coke and hkd 35 for an icecream. Not much vegetarian eating options at the park so we had carried our own food.buy tickets online.to save time buying tickets.
My daughter and her friend visited earlier this year and as they are both 16 they were looking forward to trying out the more challenging rides. However, to their disappointment, only Hyperspace Mountain was open, as the Big Grizzly Mountain runaway cars was closed. Whilst I do accept that maintenance is required this was on a very busy Saturday in July so it was rather annoying to pay over   50 for a ticket and not be able to experience the bigger rides. As a result they came out of the park earlier than planned as the queues for the other rides were very long. There needs to be more of the big rides to balance out the queues for the younger ages rides.
I am a Disneyland rookie. Never been to one. The only cool worldclass theme park I ve been was Universal Studio Singapore and that was amaaaazing.Disneyland shows and characters were great. I enjoed the ride, parade, characters, the merchandise and food. Love them!. However my expectation of being at the so called happiest place on earth were somehow let down by rude park crews. They have very average command of English, bad at problem solving and just plain rude. Maybe because they were unable to express themselves properly because of language but I snapped more during that visit to HK than any other days while I was in HK. Irony.Putting that aside, people will still enjoy the park (minus park crews). HK Disneyland, improve your park crews please.And people, if you do have the means or extra money, give this park a skip and go to other Disneyland (Japan, Paris, US).
Great for small kids on a quiet Monday afternoon or evening. And in cool weather. Not much shade for hot days and unbearable queues in holiday time. Rides don't last long so it really is better to go in quiet times when you can stay on for another go. Food expensive and endless merchandising.
My partner really wanted to go to disneyland. Im not a big fan of theme parks. Anyway, when we were therw weather was just sauna hot and humidity. I was getting annoyed to start off with... we went to see the lion king musical. Wow. I can say around 95 aud ticket for the theme park, it is all worth it if u watch this. Better than ur normal lion king muscial farrrrr better. I almost cried when simba and lara did the duet. So overall becuz of this musical my experience was fantastic.
Very good organization, don't miss the attraction if possible it's very good performing every attraction we watch. We just have super fun, fun and fun from enter Disneyland until finish of the day the firework.  Everything was so perfect!
This was the highlight of our HK trip. My daughter had a really good time here as well as us adults. They say you are never too old for some magic and fun.Tip: come here early and if possible purchase your tickets in advance. You can get discounts and you won't need to queue in the ticket counters. It can be veeerrry long. Also,wear comfortable footwear because there will be lots of walking and running too :)))
The park is so small, with so few people and performances that it is almost depressing. There are no new rides there either so if you are a long time Disney person you won't find anything new or exciting. You will be much more pleased with Shanghai Disney which is only a short two hour flight away.
What can I say? It's Disneyland! Bring lots of money if you can't control yourself from buying cute things and food :) like me.They don't allow SELFIE STICKS I guess for the safety of other people around you. Be there as early as you can so you can go on the rides and attractions before it gets too busy. Toilets are clean but always bring your own wet wipes in your  survival kit  :)As you enter, the staff will. Check your bags, be nice when they do. It's for your own safety :).
Really, once inside, it was not much different to being at Disney in Anaheim. I loved it here and would highly recommend for any Disney fans. IT's a little smaller but still wonderful. A little hard to get to as you go by train then bus.
It was easily accessible by the MTR and we beat the queue by getting our tickets in advance and redeeming them via the self help ticketing machine. It was a pouring day to our dismay but the rain did not affect our mood at all. With the ponchos and umbrella, we still made our way through the theme park. It was the nth time here and we are still not tired of it! My girl enjoyed her time at Fantasyland most but it was quite a disappointment when we realised that the Fantasy Gardens was suspended on that day. We didn't manage to take photos with any characters for this trip. Despite the rain and suspension of the Fantasy Gardens, we still had fun there. It's indeed a happy place on Earth!
Always Disneyland is a place for kids or adults who act like a kid. We are all kids when we get there and no exception for me as it is just a place to escape from reality world a while and back to the childhood. Brought up a lot of memory and the best is still a small themed park like Hong Kong they still have all elements like Firework, Castle, train, parade and all characters. I have to praise the staff that they always smile even I found it is not civilized there for some rude behaviours but learning is believing.... I believe everyone should have their childhood back to that age they want for few hours here.One thing I really like is they have the localized party like Halloween and it is not just about Disneyland Characters but more into the real world. Restaurant   One thing I really dont like is less choice and quite long queue and poor management for serving but again, getting to learn is more important.
Well run and organised theme park. Instructions and assistance by park crew were great and easy to follow. The bad apples were tourist from China who try to bulldoze and cut queues.
HK Disneyland is a wonderful combination of Hong Kong hospitality with American inspired imagination and creativity. By far this is the  1 location to visit in Greater China. Star Wars: The Park has recently added significant Star Wars additions. These are now must see sights. For example, Space Mountain gives you a journey through space as a Jedi Knight. You can even meet some of the characters. We had our photo taken with Chewbacca and R2D2  so memorable and fun.Seasonal Decorations: Disney does a fantastic job with decorating for the holidays, currently they have the Halloween decorations up. The park looks fantastic, spooky in a Disney type of way.Park too small??!! NO WAY! Just try to do this entire park in one day with your kids. It's impossible. The park is huge in the eyes of a child, one of the best places on earth.Restaurants  The food, food handling and preparation is of the international standard so you do not need to have any concerns. (In the PRC, you never know.) There's a wide variety of food options from Chinese to international cuisine. Staff  Fantastic team there to help in any way possible. Highly Recommend, bring your kids and enjoy lifelong memories.
HK Disneyland is easily reached via MTR. Book tickets via klook, tickets can be printed via kiosk with barcode. No need to queue and cheaper. The place is not that big, rides are not that thrilling, more for younger kids. My girl did enjoy herself. Food is expensive. Most rides are ok with bags. For those that are not, you just need to put the bags at the side, it's safe. Food is expensive, they did allow us to bring in our water bottles. The fireworks at the end was nice. However it's rather small so one day is enough.
This was my first visit to any Disneyland and have to say that could not expect more! The rides and other attractions are just fantastic and so well built also visually that you can do nothing but enjoy! We spent there 2 days which was quite suitable amount of time for two adults to see the park. The queues are sometimes long but still way shorter than for example in Universal studios in Osaka. On top of everything the awesome fireworks in the end of the day while music is played on the background is just perfect combination of joy and happiness! I really do recommend this place and look forward to visit also the other Disneylands!
HK Disneyland is a child's dream trip. There are few day trips you can give your child that will create a life long memory, this is one of them.Staff  the team at Disneyland is so friendly and helpful. They are all so kind when answering questions either from adults or directly from your kids.Dining: the food options are varied. I recommend trying the food outlet near the Buzz Light Year ride, real good fish burgers.Star Wars  Disney has recently added a significant amount of Star Wars theming, including photo taking with characters. We got our photo with Chewbacca, so much fun.Too small? Are you kidding?? No Way!! It is impossible to do this park in one day. From a child's perspective, it's huge. You will be carrying your child asleep in your arms as you leave the park in the evening, having not seen everything. Highly recommend.
Went with younger siblings. We had a blast in the rides and the food and the disney chracters was great. The end fireworks was awesome. Great place to visit with family.
Go there with your young kids   you would feel magical when you see their happy faces. The staff (most of them anyway) seem much friendlier and happier compared to other tourist attractions in HK. Best to go earlier in the day to avoid the crowds.
love the Disneyland. Comparable to USS. The Rides quite thrilling. foods wise ok. will come again to visits when my sons grew up
There is not much for adults to enjoy. I was a bit disappointed. I felt Grizzly Glutch is the best part of disney land. Getting vegetarian food could be a challenge. it is a full day activity. Universal Studio, Singapore and Ferari World Abudhai in my view are better. Paint the night parade and fireworks at night is worth a watch.
This was my first ever Disney experience and I loved it. From he moment the disney train arrived to the platform I instantly reverted back to a child again. I bought my partner and my tickets off of klook and got to by pass the long line to buy them on the day. I was told the best way to start the day was to make your way to the back of the park which is what we did but while the world opened at 10:30, Grizzly Gulch, Mystic Manor and Toy Story world didn't open until 11. Our favourite ride was the Star Wars indoor coaster! Followed closely by the Mystic Manor experience. Although by about 12ish the rain started and got extremely heavy, we tried to carry on with the day but it got too much and we left at around 3ish. Overall it was a great day even with the rain, and before then we were lucky enough not to have to wait very long at all for rides.
Like each of the Disney Parks around the world, HK Disneyland makes you smile from the time you walk through the gates until the time you leave. Not as big as its US cousins, but a good selection of rides. Modern, clean, easy to get to from HK. And, provided you stay clear of HK and China holidays, MUCH shorted queues than other Disney Parks. Well worth a visit if you are travelling to HK.
There are two restaurants which offer Halal cuisine in Hongkong Disneyland. Overall the themepark itself is small but clean. Great for families with small children.
If you are a Disney fan its definitively worth the visit. It is interesting to see the difference between the parks in the US and here. The Hong Kong park is much smaller and offers less attractions than Florida or Anaheim. But it is also cheaper   we payed around 70 Euros for a 1 day ticket.So if you are not the hard core Disney person, spare the time and stay in Hong Kong or go to Macau for a day. And go to WDW in Florida instead which is much better.
The disneyland has added new attraction ever since the last time I had visited there, including star wars. But they closed space mountain, which is a very popular attraction in order to refurbish it.
Disneyland   the name says it all!  Great colourful place, especially for young ones.  Wear comfortable clothes and shoes as its a long day out.  Quite a lot of walking.
we went on a rainy humid day.....the crowds were nearly zero..You could jump between rides as often as you liked......The food and drink is on the high side.....some rides missing from other parks but enjoyable.....boat ride at Small world excellent and long.....jungle ride was very good too but over too quickley.......amazing place made better by smell crowd
Was an amazing thing to visit, definitely a good 6 to 9hr day depending on the rides you want to go on. Be aware though the train ride there and back can get very busy, we got there by 11.30am an hr after it opened on a week day.
It was pouring the day we visited, which took some fun out of the Disneyland experience. However, we managed to watch the shows and do indoor activities while waiting for the rain to stop. The staff in hk Disneyland seemed to be rather brusque, characteristic of the hong kong people's working style. That marred the Disneyland experience a little.
I live near Disneyland in California so going to Hong Kong Disneyland I had a lot of experience to compare it to. It was absolutely delightful. Certainly not as many attractions yet but what they have done is absolute quality. We loved it! Big Thunder has a surprise your not expecting so Do Not watch the ride first, just get on it and enjoy! But without a doubt the best thing about HK Disney is Mystic Manor! We thought it was going to be something like Haunted Mansion. But not at all. It is its own attraction that is absolutely amazing. We were almost speechless the first time and then we had to go on it 3 more times just to absorb it all. It's magical!
This is a must do if in Hong Kong! If possible, buy your tickets from the airport as they're even cheaper than Klook! I definitely recommend buying the meal coupon from Klook which costs $88; it works out that you get three drinks for free and when soft drinks are $30 each, you save quite a bit!We arrived by MTR and the Disney Resort line is just superb   Disney are spot on when it comes to detail. The train windows were in the shape of Mickey Mouse as were the hand rails   see photos attached. I believe the MTR cost us $45 from Tsim Shau Shu one way.We arrived at 9.45am and the park opened at 10am. The 'lands' don't open until 10.30am so the first 30 mins is for exploring Main Street and having photos with characters. For some bizarre reason, they stagger the land openings with half opening at 10.30 and the other half opening at 11.There were plenty of characters about to have photos with with waiting times of 10 15 min which isn't much if you've been to Orlando! We did all the rides but the top attraction for us was definitely the Geyser Gulch! There are FastPasses available for Winnie the Pooh and Hyperspace Mountain which you should take advantage of to skip the queues   speaking of queues, as we went during the week, we didn't wait longer than 15 min for any ride show. We did all the shows but the best show had to be Mickey's PhilharMagic.We stayed and watched the Night Parade and Firework display which were both magical. A full day is needed to make the most of it!
My husband and I are in our 30s with no kids and still had a great time. We even lined up to have photos with Mickey and the other characters! The day we went there was on and off rain but that did not dampen our spirits. We had a ball and the lines were so short we waited no more than 5 or a 10 minutes for rides or attractions. Food a little overpriced but that is to be expected.
those who worry whether HK disneyland could in one day, do not worry, there are some tips that can be done especially with children aged 2 years and 3.5 years1. Come on weekdays not weekend2. Come early, at 10 am have been standby at the entrance3. if you want to take pictures with Mickey and Minnie at Main Street USA, see the queue, if the queue length then skip4. Go straight to fantasyland (cinderella carousel, dumbo flying elephant, fantasyland train station, adventures winnie the pooh, mickey philharmagic, mad hater tea cups)5. At 11.30 go to adventureland to watch festival of lion king (start @12PM)6. Have lunch @tahitian terrace7. Enjoying jungle river cruise n tarzan's treehouse8. Go straight to tomorrowland (space mountain, orbitron, buzz lightyear astro, jedi training)9. Standby to see fantasy parade along mainstreet at 2.45PM (see the parade in the throughway between fantasyland and Tomorrowland at 3PM)10. Take a picture with some disney character in fantasyland before go to toystoryland (RC Racer, slinky dog spin, tou soldier parachute drop)11. Go to mystic point (mystic manor, garden of wonders)12. Go to grizzly gulch (big grizzly mountain runaway mine cars, geyser gulch)13. Go back to main street and standby in front castle at 6.00 PM (take a rest and prepare for disney paint the nite parade then a spectacular fireworks Disney in the stars, make sure to stay in the middle of park in front the castle as the best spot)14. Let's buy various souvenirs along main street before going home
i have seen before Disney land Orlando, and this very small in front of that one but you feel nice there. if you planning to travel HK for Disney land and Ocean park pl make sure one thing pl don't do that back to back, its very hectic because its very trying and you have to walk a lot. give one day break in between. its start from 10:30 morning till the 8:00 pm last is light and fire show. so go early finish all ride  show. start Wars show is very scary so don't take you kids. first finish tomorrowland after that Fantasyland & adventure land. there is couple of food court but expensive out side food not allowed( biscuit, chips, Chocklet are allowed) Water is cost 30 HKD but i recommend pl carry empty bottle in refill there, lots of water dispenser is available. don't take big bag trolly bag it not permitted and you have to keep in locker at a cost of 120HKD. last show is mickey parade after that light and fire show.
It was awesome, the day we went was their 10th anniversary, lots of shows was there during the day. The atmosphere would make you feel like a teenager. Had a lovely time with the family, would love to go back.
While reading reviews and comparison between going to Disneyland or Ocean Park, I always see Ocean Park being the winner and Disneyland being a disappointment.It definitely was not. I've been to Disney parks in Japan and Florida years ago but still loved the Hong Kong version. My friend did not want to leave.The shows were great. Lines were not long on a Saturday. The longest time we spent waiting was 15 minutes for the Hyperspace Mountain. You will be able to get a good view of both parades even if you arrive late.Not to miss of course are the fireworks at 8 in the evening. It was a very magical day for me and my friend.
Hi folks. We went to the Hong Kong Disneyland with the whole family. Ten of us. Adults, teenagers and young ones of five and six. It was an extremely hot day at 35c. Hong Kong was in a heat wave and we were not really complaining!We were not disappointed with Disneyland The trip by train is easy. Simply go down into the underground and if you get stuck or are a little nervous about traveling in a strange country, ask the staff. They are really good. The train is  pimped out  specifically and gets the young ones excited. Once you arrive, the processes to get in are great. I believe that it is easier to buy tickets on line before hand. Then you just have to verify once inside DL. Rides are great, food is nice but expensive. If price is an issue, shop around a bit inside as some places are more expensive than others. The place is spotless and I mean spotless. Not one tiny spec of rubbish anywhere. Staff are excellent and very friendly. Good grasp of english as you would expect in Hong Kong anyway. Remember, Hong Kong is a safe place. Enjoy your trip and try all the local food. Travel safely. J
We allowed a full day for this, getting to the park nice and early. We needn't have rushed   it's so small it really doesn't take very long to get round the whole park. The up side is that means you can take things a bit slower knowing that you'll still get to see everything.
The park is far too small for the amount of people that are entering. There are long wait times and queues for everything. Security is a joke   they don't actually tell you anywhere what you aren't allowed to take in which means that nobody knows and this creates a huge queue with people asking why they can't enter with things and arguing about where they can leave things to collect them on the return. The queue management for everything is just a disaster from buying tickets, queuing to get in and out of the park and buying food   it's slow and badly organised and if you go in the summer most of the time you are waiting outside in 30 degree heat. No ideal at all. There aren't many rides and you can probably do every single ride in the park in half a day if there were no queues. There was always a queue for the toilet and they were not kept very clean at all. Food and drink is expensive so I would recommend that you took your own   make sure your drinks are in a plastic bottle. The metro station is about a 5 minute walk from the park and be warned that at the end of the day you will have to wait a long time in complete chaos just to get into the metro station. Not sure why Disney doesn't offer a bus service to the park entrance from the metro station and the buses that take you to the hotels. Buses to hotels were also a complete disaster. You have to wait again in a long queue and the bus stops at the Disney World hotel first and then moves on to the Hollywood Hotel. Not sure why they can't have separate buses as it just makes the journey so much longer. Park was a big disappointment and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. Hong Kong has another theme park which is called Ocean Park. It's much better than Disney, better value for money and better organised. Would not return here and would not recommend to anyone.
I am so glad we brought my niece here. The joy on her face is a precious memory that I will store in the treasurebox of my mind. The Grizzly Gulch is the best ride by far! We rode it three times.
Small compared to the US Disneys which is good if you have small children. The new Space Mountain Star Wars ride is great (not for small kids though). Get the fast pass for Winnie the Pooh as soon as you arrive. It's not amazing but the queues are always super long. Star liner Diner good for kids burgers. Don't miss the shows.
This is a must do when in Hong Kong with the Train going right to the door how can you not get there. We went there on a Sunday I thought it would be crazy busy but it was really good
Beautifully planned tourist destination. Did expect so much crowd on a weekday but enjoyed every minute spent there.
Part of it why I didnt enjoyed was because it was raining the day I went. And I found out they charged for the raincoat at HKD 65, and some of their rides are even closed.
This HK Disneyland was my first Disney park experience and it was magical! I visited during winter season around 2 weeks before Christmas and the festive decoration was amazing with the giant Christmas tree. My favorite ride was Space Mountain, and Golden Mickey Show was a must see.
My family took the Three Magical Days Disney Getaway Package with Disney Hollywood Hotel this round. We have visited the park a number of times since 2010. The park is still clean and well maintained. New additions include the Star War items at Tomorrowland. The 'Mickey and the Wondrous Book Show' which replaces the 'The Golden Mickey Show' is a must watch. The one day Disney Photo Pass   is worth the money as it allows you to download the all soft copies of the photographs taken by the photographers on that day.Despite the rain on both days, we had a good experience this round.
I have been to Disney USA and Paris and both were to different experiences!Yes USA is the real deal but yes very expensive!So HK Disney is going to cost you approx   50 for an adult ticket. book on line and get a digital ticket will save you between   5 &   10. I would say this is a scaled down park but if you have kids up to the of age of 14 they will love it.I just went with my wife for a day out and we went on several rides and watched the Lion King ( Abridged Version) so although it's not the USA scale theme park and I am an old cynic I reckon it's pretty good value for money and is aimed at the younger age range.So in summary, if you have young kids a great day out, will keep them entertained, Staff really helpful, queues can be long at times but just plan your day.
My dream came true and I had the chance to visit disenyland.It was amazing experience, all rides were fun, I liked Toystory land very much , (Small world ) ride was full of cuteness.The rides are suitable for all ages. The fireworks at night were epic.I advise people to arrive at the park earlly and to plan their time well so they will not miss a thing.
The park is easy to get to and all the rides are well maintained and fun. The park is not Florida but is bigger then you think and has attractions for all the family. The parade is great and equals many of the ones in other parks. The number of eating places are numerous but are quite expensive. Not all the restaurants were open when we visited. It does get hot and humid and there is no water sprays or cooling areas.
They make sure everybody has a good time.  performers are so well trained.  The parade is awesome treat to the eyes. and the fireworks at the end is the best.  Rides, although not many for adults, were enjoyable.
I would say, I enjoyed the place more than my 9 year old! We had kept the last day of our HK trip to cover Disneyland and that was just not enough. You need to spend a good two days if keen on covering all the sections and enjoy most of the rides! The Lion King show was spectacular and so was Mickey's Philharmonic show.
Since we started taking our child on travels, we try to find something for him to get distracted, to make his trip exciting. One day for him. We visited Hong Kong on July 2016, and we took him to Disney. My wife loves Disney and now we scratched off this one from the list of the many there are. It is like Disneyland in Anaheim, but with that jungle feeling, since it is in the middle of Lantau Island. Cheaper than US Disneys. The only negative side to it, it's that there are no memorable souveniers to bring back. We thought that there were going to be a lot of Chinese themed souveniers, but there weren't. We loved all the Star Wars themed attractions and Toy Story Land. Visit if you have enough time. Enjoy.
It was my first Disneyland ever so was fun. However very few rides will appeal to the thrill seeker. 2 at best. So be watchful there unless you are going with kids. Book tickets online from klook.com. Cheaper as well as saves the hassle and you can queue up straight at 10am. Take fast pass on the 2 rides where it is available to ensure you can finish others first. Grizzly gulch go for in the early morning to avoid queues. The souvenir shops are a rip off but we did end up buying some knick knacks. Carry an empty bottle of water and keep refilling instead of buying inside. Overall a great day out and good fun.
Love this park. Easy to get around, great attractions especially those not found at any other Disney Park, Mystic Manor, Grizzly Gulch are our new favourites and hardly any waiting time. Well laid out, well kept and lovely staff. Plenty of Character greeting opportunities too. Perfect. X
This is a very wheelchair accessible day out, most of the rides are disabled friendly just requiring a simple transfer, some of the rides can take a wheelchair as well
My kids enjoyed the park. We were luckily that there weren't too much people that day, didnt spent too much time on q ing. However do note that food are very expensive. The night parade was good!
With 24 hours to pass before our flight back to the Uk we decided to go to Disney. We went by public transport the MTR was easy to use and the resort we'll sign posted. We loved the train with Micky Windows!There are fewer rides than in other Disney resorts but that didn't matter for a day trip. Usual faithfully of run away train, space mountain and Its a small world. A good couple of hours.
Disneyland is a lot fun for both adults who are by themselves and families. There are so many activities that you should plan on spending the whole day there from when it opens to just about when it closes. You will want to go on all of the rides. Problem is those lines but that happens at every theme park. There are other activities as well such as shows that are well worth attending. Fireworks are great. Its a small park but there's so much to do that its not a problem.
When you are staying in Disneyland only for a short period, say, one or two days, you need to plan well your priorities, that is, what attractions you would like to visit more. They have two leaflets that are helpful: the Guide Map and the Times Guide. From these two, check which you like to visit, check the time sequence, and then plan accordingly. Just walking around the whole compound will take less than an hour. But stopping at shows, activities, meals, etc. may take a long time. With visited end of August and the queues ranged from 5 minutes to 20 minutes, but most were short. For small kids, the Jungle River Cruise is interesting. Mickey Mouse and the Wondrous Book was a good show, with high tech effects. Be ready for a lot of walking. If you got small kids, get a stroller for HK$100 (plus a refundable HK$100 deposit).We stayed at Disneyland Hollywood Hotel, a good place, with a free shuttle to the Disneyland entrance every 15 minutes.
This was my first Disneyland, and it was magical. Well, not really. I visited Disneyland just because I thought it was an obligation as a tourist in Hong Kong to visit Disneyland. Well, I chose a wrong day to visit. I went on Sunday morning when most of people were visiting Disneyland, in general I spent at least 20 minutes for a ride. The place was super crowded, but still manageable. Since it was summer, then you can imagine the heat. It was super hot. So prepare yourself additional t shirt and lots of water so you can refresh your self. Basically, all the rides were built for children and teenager. So for adult, you'll feel that all the rides were lame. But, for me as a non adrenaline junkie, this place was okay. As for the heat, you can always walk or wait your friends inside every store. Since there were so many Disney store in every ride, so you can hide and chill a little bit. They also have several restaurant and food stalls inside. And if you're a Muslim visitor, they also have a nice and proper prayer room inside. It is located in Mystic Point (if I was not wrong), just right next to the restroom. As I noticed, that not so many people know about this facility, since there was no one inside when I was there for more than 30 minutes.Overall, this place was worth to visit. But please consider the timing. Just avoid weekend, and public holidays. And one more thing, we're never too old for Disneyland. So, enjoy the magical moment.
Disneyland is more like Lineland. There are lines for everything ranging from 20 to 50 minutes. It's exhausting with a little one. Even taking pictures with the characters. We stood 45 minutes in line to take a photo with mickey and minnie mouse. The characters in costumes keep taking breaks every 5 to 10 minutes probably because it's really hot and humid. They should have replacement people on rotation for how much they earn. Everything is overpriced and just full on capitalism and consunerism in all its glory. I paid 120 HKD for one helium balloon!!!! Only the food at this one Chinese noodle and rice place was reasonably priced. If your child is over 4 years old, well behaved, quiet, patient, won't drive you crazy trying to buy every Disney item, has no problem with heat humidity and rain, willing to walk by themselves everywhere then Disneyland hong kong is for you! Otherwise better to pay nothing and spend a day at the park!
Went to Hongkong Disneyland and the kids had a great time. Not as crowded as Orlando so we got to do a lot more as lines are shorter and things move. We also got to see the parade up closer than we did in Orlando as the crowd was not as big.
Surely this is happiest place on earth! It brings back my childhood memories, it surely is a place for child and adults, the attractions are awesome! The casts are helpful and always smiling! The food here is not that cheap so if you are on small budget just try to eat first before coming over! All in all it was a great trip! Surely i will come back whenever I get a chance.
We only had Wednesday afternoon evening to devote to Disneyland and worried that it wouldn't be enough time but as this really is only a very small mini park it was plenty of time. The longest we waited for a ride was 15mins and that was in Toy Story Land waiting for the Slinky Dog Spin which once we got on lasted for around a minute. Most of the other rides we simply walked right on and even ran back around and did them again as there was hardly anyone around.You don't have to stay at the resort but of course you will have to add travel time to your day. We caught the MTR to Sunny Bay (Tung Chung line) and then changed to the Disneyland Resort line which is a bit of fun as the Disney train has Mickey Mouse windows, Mickey ear handles to hold on to and small statues of characters in the train.There are basically 3 thrill rides in the park   RC Racer, Hyperspace Mountain and Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine cars and even then they aren't that scary. The rest are cute family style rides like Dumbo, Winnie the Pooh & Jungle Cruise which are still fun just don't expect it to be like Disneyland USA. There are actually not that many rides in the park which is why we were able to get through them all, instead there's a real emphasis on meeting characters. One thing here is that they close the rides an hour before the park closes and the train closed at 6pm which is a shame so make sure you have done all the rides you want and then shop in the stores while you wait for the fireworks which are best viewed from Main Street facing the castle.A fun few hours and if you had small kids it would probably be a great day out but I'm not sure how people spend more than a day here.
Someone is smoking inside the toilet. Inconsiderate tourists rudely cut in somewhere in the middle of the queue (it happens multiple times). My 3 year old Daughter is not happy because of the long queues. We ended going back to hotel early and decide not to complete all rides.Majority of tourists are inconsiderate! Management should do something.
If you have kids, I think you must visit Disneyland. It not as big as Disney World in Orlando, but it has the same feelings. I recommend using the MTR to arrive at the park.
Went to Disneyland HK with my son and mum in August. There was a lot of people and the weather is very hot.The queues to all rides were at least 20 mins. As the weather is very hot there were some areas in the park that had a lacking of trees   shade which made it tough to stay there for long. Example the toystoryland There was no proper sitting area to watch the fireworks at night so most people especially the ones in front had to sit on the road which was scorching hot from the sun earlier in the day. It was still radiating of heat at nightQuality of food was not great that the theme park especially those covered by the hotel park package. The Dim sums at Plaza Inn near the main street was good. The wanton noodles at Chopin food festival was bad. Photo plus option for tourists was really good to allow visitors to download professional photos with the characters later at their own time.Toilets were surprisingly clean which I was very happy with.Overall it might be the weather that spoilt it for me but I wasn't overly impressed with the HK Disneyland.
Best option is to purchase the tickets the airport. Our group (my husband, myself, our daughter and granddaughter) enjoyed substantial savings on the tickets which were purchased at the airport.The visit was my daughter's birthday gift to her three year old daughter who is very fond of Sofia the First, the cartoon character. To really maximize the time, families should have a plan prepared ahead so it will help if one visited the website so they can prepare a list of the the attractions, the photo ops areas and the rides, each with a priority number assigned. The queues to some of the rides can have a waiting time of 60 to 70 minutes each, some have 10 to 15, so the priority listing can be your guide which attractions you can skip or not.Just to queue for the Mickey and Minnie mouse photo ops, we had to spend at least 2 hours in the open sun lining up on the queue. And if you had a 3 year old kid with you, things can get a bit complicated once boredom sets in.
We had our company team building amazing race session here. It's nice. For kids. For adult or young adult looking for fun extreme adrenaline pumping rides, you wont find it here. But you can definitely take few decent pictures there.
Small enough for a 1 full day trip. Queue was not too long but going back can be crazy after the fireworks and people are just rushing out.
My only comparison is the Disney land Paris which is huge comparing HK one.The most action oriented activity are the mine and the space roller coaster but they are both small and not that exceptional.Would work with the very young kids.For teens or adult it's boring...
The morning of this trip the Cyclone warning was at level 3 which meant it was raining and windy. This didn't deter us and we head off to make the most of the day. We weren't alone. This is a very popular park, and in my opinion better than EuroDisney which I visited and have written about previously. We bought our tickets on the KLook App and we entered using the app which made it simple and quick. Once in the park all our door attractions were closed due to the cyclone so only indoor rides were open. This meant unless you were early there would be queues. The park has everything you want from a park and its small enough that you can walk around it two or three times without feeling totally drained. Shop a little in each of the zones. Have a ride. Be a kid. It's a great place to spend the day.
It was my son's 10th birthday and we decided to bring him to HK Disneyland. When asked, this tour was his most memorable birthday celebration. And as for us parents, we didn't realize that the experience will bring us back again to our childhood. The feeling is truly magical! Despite the warm weather, we still enjoyed the rides, the shop discounts, the amazing parades and of course, the fireworks. It was worth the price. I suggest that you buy your tickets ahead of time to avoid long queue. Tickets are available in 711 stores. All you have to do is go to the machine near the entrance to get your ticket pass and you are in! Also note that selfie sticks are not allowed inside the park. Better be there early for 1 day is not enough to enjoy all the attractions. We are definitely coming back!
This was my first visit to a Disneyland anywhere in the world and I admit I was just as excited as a little kid. Initially disappointed that there wasn't a castle out the front but found out later it was inside the park   happiness restored. Gardens are lovely and the park area is clean. Biggest downfall is the sheer number of people   be prepared to lose hours out of your day if you want to do anything like go on rides or have photos taken with the Disney characters. A lot time is taken up standing in line waiting   60 minutes was the average the day I went. Train station near the front gate makes transport to from the park very easy. Lots of places to eat with a variety of choices. Mickey shaped pizza and ice cream is a must. Loved it.
Lots of fantastic rides ridden and the food served there at restaurants are great. Awesome street and stage performances especially the float parade. That was when my camera started clicking loudly, so many pictures taken!
While we chose season around shanghai disney opening period, its very good while no many tourists. It only took 10 to 40 minutes in the line for the rides. And we may see fireworks quite clear.
my daughter had a great experience in here. in order to visit all the attractions, you have to check the schedule of each attractions and rides a day before your arrival so you could plan and save time. Bring lots of water and eat heavy meal because its too expensive when you buy at the park. kids can wear their favorite disney character also.
I loved everything about Disneyland,  it takes you to another happy place. So much excitement in just one place. It truly is the happiest place on earth
Avoid going during summer. It's so hot, you will not be able to enjoy the place.The only things you get to take during the day period are umbrellas and more umbrellas.There are not many sheltered area aside from the gift shops and restaurants.Unlike Tokyo Disneyland, we have to queue to take pictures with all the characters.Much time wasted.Except for Mickey and Minnie near the main gate and others in designated enclosures, I see that the other characters only come out for a short period of time and the staff closes the queue quite fast.Signs are unclear. We followed a sign to Toy Story Land but could not find the place and when we asked a staff, she told us that the other direction was nearer. As there was no other signs along the way, we could not find Toy Story Land at all.
Family and friends gathering which held at Disney HK for a change of venue!! and Its was all about fun! Fun! Fun ! A place to relax and enjoy & be young again..just enjoy and have fun with family & friends! Meet your favorite Disney characters, watch live shows and parades, and shop and dine at all themed areas of the Hong Kong Disneyland Park! Enjoy all rides and attractions at the park's seven themed areas.Meet Minnie, Mickey and other favorite characters   they're all at Hong Kong Disneyland! Watch amazing live shows and parades throughout the day! Recommended to everyone!
It is hard for me to give a 5 when we have been to the big one in Orlando just the summer before, but this is worth it though. We were shocked after our tour guide Frank Law dropped us off. We thought they were closed because of how empty the parking lot. The financial loss of Disney was our family gain in that we had very little waiting we had. We rode all of the rides, several more than once, and never waited longer than 15 20 minutes. The lines were a minimum.The fireworks show is still really nice at the end as well. Food wasnt great, but then again we were not there for the food.
We visited Hong Kong Disneyland with people that had never experienced the Disney brand before, and it was awesome to see their faces light up with delight. It was so hot in the park, and appreciated the air conditioning in the shop on many occasions. Obviously everywhere was busy and we had a wait for most rides, but that is part of the experience. Having the train to almost the gate was an easy way to get there and back, and can say we slept solidly after our Disney adventures
I remember the place more for the company i was with. Despite the rainy weather we had a fun time. Compared to the other Disney resorts i have visited this was ok. As it is still new i am sure they will improv and make it a more interesting place. The place has potential. Highlight was that you can find many eating places, chinese, halal, malaysian, indian etc. Reasonably priced. Entrance tickets were expensive considering there were not as many rides and entertainment. Due to the rainy weather we did not see the full parade. Public Transport to and from Disneyland is very easy and cheap. Is alright if you want a kids day out.
I decide to go see this attraction to compare the ones in Anaheim and Florida ! Sad to say it's a total bust ! Long walk from parking to Disney Entrance gate ! Some major attraction were closed for maintenance! Long long lines to ride most rides! Food was total overcharge and plain average! Service ? Hah hah they think they doing u service by pointing out where I want go? So pity enough said about the Disney I remembered in USA ! That's a must see if u have young ones ! Really so pity! Andre
The trick here is to get there early and if you can do it on an overcast day the crowds will be thinner...we only had to queue for the Hyper space mountain ( for one hour) but the other rides we barely queued at all  result!The children (age 8) loved it, it is pretty compact so not to tiring to walk around, and each zone offers different views and experiences. We went on around 8 rides, stopped for lunch ( Maxims run Chinese restaurant, set menu  quite pricey but everywhere is!) and watched the parade for a bit. We arrived at 11 and left at 4 and that was long enough for us. I was ready to do it for the kids, but ended up really enjoying it, if you embrace the whole Disney thing and go with it, it's sweet and wholesome and good fun.We loved Hyper space mountain, we loved Grizzly bear gulch so much we did it twice ( no queue so ran back around!) Mystic manor was brilliant fun (although kept breaking down when we were there, we were lucky to do it before they had to shut it)A family fun day out!
I haven't been to a Disneyland outside of the USA until now and this one did not disappoint at all! The quality and attention to detail in everything is mesmerising, the whole experience was enjoyable for us and we went on every single ride (even the silly ones and they were still fun!). My only complaint is there is no fast pass for all rides (only 2) which kind of disappointing to spend most of your time in queue.
It's hot summer in Hong Kong but visiting Disneyland should still be in one's list, if you're young or young at heart. Try the Mystic Mansion, the ride at the mines, the riverboat adventure and many more. An experience to remember!
It was our 2nd time to go to disneyland hongkong.First time was last August 2014.We booked our ticket from klook.com and we got a great discount.it is advisable to get it with food stub.Me & my daughter(5yrs old) travelled through train wherein we experienced the disney train.it was not a week end but there are still a lot of tourist.We reaches disney while its not yet opened.So we had time to eat our  baon  because food&drinks is not allowed inside.We almost had 2hrs in line in a hot summer day just to meet & greet mickey& disney.After that we had our refreshments,we ride tommorowland boatride,pooh boat ride.We watched lion king,storyboook.we ride tea cup 2 times since this is were my baby enjoyed the most.We watch the  all disney character show  in the streets.i dont remember the place.we had a lot of photos to take.One of the important thing you must do if you visit a park like this is you see the time of the shows so that you can almost experienced,watched all the shows for the day.Time management is very important since we only have one day.we stayed after the fireworks and it was still the best fireworks ive ever seen:)my 5yrs old baby dont like to go even it is late for her to catch some sleep.you must be aware of the fireworks display & disney parade at night sothat you can get a place wherein you can see everything,a place you can sit down & enjoy.So far we enjoyed our 2nd time disney land tour.We got the most of our time here:)
Disneyland keeps adding attractions to make it more interesting keep people coming back. Everytime I visit, there is something new. So every visit is like a new visit.Since my last visit, several new attractions like the Grizzly Gulch and Mystic Point have opened. Grizzly Gulch is an old wild west mining town complete with a Geyser and a mining car ride (Geyser Gulch) while Mystic Point is a mysterious area with gardens full of optical illusions and a mysterious manor.Of course, the usual attractions and shows like Adventureland, Fantasyland, Tomorrowland, Toy Story Land, Main Street USA etc. and the night time fireworks show remain as exciting as ever and are always worth a second visit.So whether you are visiting for the first time or you visit it regularly, Disneyland always has something new for you. Not to be missed if you are visiting Hong Kong.
I suggest u take the mtr going to disney. Parade starts at 3pm. Dont miss the hyperspace mountain ride. Usually it takes half day to finish all rides . Food and beverages are everywhere . A bit pricey so u must bring water and food if ur on a tight budget
Didn't know what to expect having never been to a Disneyland before, but it was quite a good experience. Probably a better experience for young children as opposed to teenagers, just because there were fewer rides, and more attractions that you just walked through  looked at that would possibly entertain a child's imagination better. I loved how in theme all the 'lands' were   obviously no expense was spared. The lion king show was unbelievable, we were thoroughly impressed, and were very disappointed that the Mickey Mouse show that also ran filled up before we got to see it. The parade was also great, but we found the choice of food a bit lacking.
We had a wonderful time at Hong Kong Disneyland. We spent one full day there with our kids and experienced everything pretty much. It is much smaller than Disney in California but just as special. Some different rides to experience and smaller lines which was great compared to America. We still love Disney California better as much larger and more to offer, but we thoroughly enjoyed Hong Kong Disney all the same. The evening parade is not to be missed. Totally amazing. The food in the restaurants was great but very pricy. To be expected I guess, but it was a treat to have mickey mouse shaped vegetables, nuggets and waffles.
We took our relatives with young children to visit the park, they absolutely loved it, the comments are very positive. However, there are some small details worth addressing to: 1) the bar code scanning for mobile phone (non paper) is not working easily, which slowed down the speed at the entrance and caused a longer line. Suggest to give a separate queue line for the scanning. 2) we cannot find out the  meeting with the character  time schedule easily, not on line anyway. 3) Selfie sticks are banned, but we still saw the visitors using them in the park. How does the park enforce the rules? 4) Chinese mainland tourists usually like to jump the queue and ignore the stopping line even, we saw at one occasion one man with a kid jumping over a blocking line for crowd control but no one stopped them. How will the park control such situation?
We spent 2 days, quite hot but worthy to visit with family. Affordable variety of meals. Fun Parade with colourfull customes. Fantastic Lion king show and fireworks display! A Must to visit in Asia.
   ll preface this with admitting that I love all things Disney. I am an American and I have been to both Disneyland in California and Walt Disney World many times over multiple decades. I   ve also been the Disneyland Paris (but that was 15 years ago   ..). I was traveling for work and had the opportunity to spend 2 days at Disneyland. This review is of the park itself without taking into consideration hotels, transportation or other things that may exist at one of the USA resorts. It is strictly a review and some comparisons to other versions of the Disneyland park or the    Magic Kingdom    as it is called in Florida. When you arrive, it   s very similar, you go under the train station and you are on Main Street. It looks very similar to the USA parks where there is Town Hall and a Fire Station on the left and the Emporium and some different stores on the right. To me, the castle is identical to that of Disneyland in California. I found the guests do not linger in stores or on Main Street like they do in the USA, the queue for rides was moderate, yet the Main Street area seemed empty. HK Disneyland was missing some of the classic attractions I love from USA parks   Splash Mountain, Thunder Mountain, People Mover, Mr. Toad, Peter Pan and surprisingly, Pirates of the Caribbean (would have thought with the international success of the movie they   d have this one). The classics that do exist are Hyper Space Mountain (which is FAR superior to either USA version); Small World (same exterior as Disneyland in CA), Railroad, Festival of the Lion King (which is at Animal Kingdom in USA) and Mickey   s Philharmagic. These rides are pretty much the same as in the USA with the exception of Space Mountain, which is a lot smoother and is themed to Star Wars. The Haunted Mansion is repurposed as    Mystic Manor    and was in my opinion, a totally different ride. It was a track style moving ride through a museum using the same type of ride vehicles as Toy Story Mania in USA. It was cute   but definitely not in any way the same as Haunted Mansion. Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine car seems like a cross between Big Thunder Mountain, Seven Dwarfs Mine Train and Expedition Everest (from Disney World). I really liked this ride. Toy Story Land was my favorite part of the park in part because it does not exist in the USA parks. The attention to detail was amazing. It had a small roller coaster for young kids that looked like a slinky dog; a high drop ride based on the parachuting green army men and a few other things. Really well designed. For people worried about a language barrier   there isn   t one. Signage is predominantly in English with Chinese underneath. All cast members spoke English. All the narration I heard was in English too (ie: Mickey   s Philharmagic is entirely in English   there is zero difference in the ride in Hong Kong versus USA). I was sort of surprised how prominent English was (being in Hong Kong afterall   ). The food definitely had more of an Asian flair, which is not to say you couldn   t get a hamburger or hot dog. Each restaurant had a covered cart out front that had a sample of each meal prepared. I liked this option because it gave me a better idea of a food if I wasn   t familiar with the name. I loved the nighttime parade      Paint the Night   , very colorful, lots of lights. The fireworks show was good too. Overall, the park itself can easily be done in a day, not sure the square footage but it seemed about the size of the Magic Kingdom in USA   maybe a little smaller. I definitely felt like the crowd was a bit younger. Didn   t see a lot of families with teenagers. Mostly kids under 10 or so. I was pleasantly surprised with how well behaved the kids were   almost never saw anyone crying or having a temper tantrum. All in all, I enjoyed Hong Kong Disneyland and if you are a Disney fan in Hong Kong and can spare a day   I recommend a visit.
A very long tiring day at this wonderful place. The catering and food is lovely. The attractions great and the finale of the parade and fireworks was absolutely marvellous. Loved it!
We spent the whole day in Hong Kong Disneyland. Hong Kong Disneyland is an ideal choice for a family tour especially with children.
                                                                                                                                            7           Main Street , USA , Fantasyland , Adventure land , Tomorrow land , Grizzly Gulch                                       Toy Story                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ,                                                                                                                         ,                                               SPACE MOUNTAIN,                                                                                   MICKEY   S PHILHAR MAGIC,                                                                                                                         FESTIVAL OF THE LION KING                                                                                                                                      RAFTS TO TARZAN   S TREEHOUSE ,                                                                                                                                                      Runaway Mine Cars ,                                                                                                           Andy                                                                                                                             Toy Story Land
Visiting hong kong disneyland was nice but it was not very special. euro disneyland is bigger and weather way better near Paris. The day we visited hongkong disneyland was very hot and humid. The only special thing was the train taking people to the park. It has disneyland logo everywhere, from the windows to everything inside. the kids love it.
It's a little difficult to describe the experience there... A lot of good things in the park, but a lot of bad things either... the staff is great and helpful... The food court is to avoid... The toilets needs to be cleaned more often, the attractions are typically Disney... Unbelievably expensive merchandise... Great fireworks at night...
Disney is a long way on the MTR but , it's still quick, when you get there the park entrance is a bit of a walk,    once there you will be in a fair size Q to get your ticket, when you get in there isn't much to do if your comparing it with any Disney park in Florida, we stayed at the Hollywood hotel for a night, it was fine as you would expect, it's a pity the hotel isn't closer to the park, when you get off the MTR you have to get in a Q for the bus to take you to the hotel, when you have checked in you get the bus back to the MTR station then you walk to the park entrance, once your there you can fight your way round the few attractions there are, the park when we visited seemed very overcrowded it was like sardines, too many people for the size of venue, getting back to the hotel was walk to the bus which is at the MTR Q up and get the bus to the hotel, quite a bit of faffing about for staying at a Disney hotel, they should have provided dedicated buses from the park To the hotels, Getting on the MTR for your return journey is again another Q and a wait, and it was hot, not a good combination.Iv only given this attraction a 2 but this might be because we have been to Disney in Florida and it's different.
We'd never done any kind of Disney land before,so we thought we'd go to make our grandchildren jealous when we got home. It has been done very well,the entrance is the most impressive part. There are lots of rides suitable for children who are younger,I think teenagers would stick to the two rollercoasters( we did both) as they have the biggest thrills. This said there were no really big rides that impress the eye and bring out the dare devil in you. Glad we went   55 a bit steep(   9.00) a ride for us. Youngsters would love it .
It's my fourth visit and I was more of a tourist guide ..we had less than four hours there and we could only cover two shows   the lion king and the 3d musical show. .The rest was just a breeze through. .Nothing much has changed though except that the night parade was colourfully litted compared to those earlier times I went.
The Hong Kong Disney is rather small compared to the Orlando one. Our 10 year old did not complain about walking from one attraction to another because they are right next to each other. Waiting time wasn't too bad. Since we got there early and did the hyper space mountain ride and the buzz lightyear first we didn't use any fast pass. Theme park staffs was polite. We bought the admission tickets from one website and received a small discount. We bought the meals vouchers from the entrance for lunch, dinner and a snack. It was a good deal. Food portion was big. We should have bought just three in stead of four because we couldn't finish the food. One thing I didn't like was that it was difficult to look for a table to dine. You MUST find a table before buying food. No one cleans up after they eat so the table was dirty until the staff removed the trays and wiped the table clean. I have to give credit to the staffs because they work extremely hard to keep the park clean and tidy. Despite this, Hong Kong Disney is noisier and dirtier compared to Orlando's.
Nice spot, but small. If you are used to Disney World in Florida, this is quite tiny. My family, with young teenagers, had enough after about 3 hours one afternoon. Space Mountain and some rollercoaster (name escapes me) is all they really loved. Can't comment on smaller kid rides. But clean and Disney ish for sure. If you want bigger, I am told the new park in Shanghai is the place to go.
The happiest place on earth is what we had in HongKong Disneyland! Inspite of the very cold weather and rain still we were able to amused ourselves with the amazing rides and watch the Lion King as well as the usual fireworks as the park ends the day. A very memorable day we will never forget.
Disneyland HK was our first tour for the week and we were so excited as we haven't been to Disneyland before. It was summer so the heat and humidity was quite unbearable especially at a place like Disneyland where there's lots of walking to do. There weren't many places to sit with shelter and none of the outdoor fans were turned on. The food tasted average and was quite expensive and there wasn't much choice. You're not allowed to bring in outside food but bring your own bottle of water if you can. Be prepared for lots of walking, lots of people and lots of queues. A nice place to visit, have fun and enjoy if you are in Hong Kong.
I loved everything about Hong Kong Disneyland it's so much fun and well arranged, every single thing specially tomorrow land and shopping for souvenirs was so much FUN you have lots of options, definitely Worth it
Hard to compare Disney's as I know this is a smaller one but it really was a bit of a disappointment for the family. There was no real feel of Disney magic and seemed far more quick & commercial than say Paris, Anaheim or Florida. Definitely worth a visit if you are staying for quite a few days as the kids will still love it. It is very reasonable in price for tickets. There were a few disappointments including no area for us to cool off from the humidity and heat. Also the fans in most of the queues were not switched on which also made the heat unbearable. Food was very average and variety not ideal.
We visited Disneyland as a Christmas treat for the kids with my parents. We spent two days there and the kids loved it. The park is not too big so we could easily do it in one day but having the second day at hand gave us the pleasure to take our time and check the rides we and the kids liked. Try to get the express tickets for certain rides as it allows you to jump the line, especially if you have small kids. Some of the rides were a little too scary for my kids (age 4 and 7), but they loved all of it! The photo taking with Mickey Mouse have a way too long line so we skipped it and opted for goofy , Donald and daisy and other. Try not to miss the parade in the late afternoon where you get to see all the cartoons characters. I am not a big fan of these parks but to see the joy on my kids face was priceless, and my father seemed to like as much as the kids! A very nice treat for all the family...
Disney is everyone's dream of visiting but Hong Kong Disney is quite small and I think because it was school holidays, quite busy. The queues were very long and even my teens were not prepared to stand in lines for a ride. The minimum waiting time was, approximately 1 hour. Small but will be tons of fun for parents of smaller kids. The Disney parade was exciting and to see the awe in the kids faces were amazing.
No matter how many times we come back here, we still feel the magic of Disneyland.  We can ride the Mystic Point again and again and again.
This is the first disneyland I've been to and I love the entire experience!Despite the massive amount of people, I thoroughly enjoyed myself. The weather was crazy hot but it didn't kill the fun, at least it's not raining since it's the typhoon season in HK. We queued no more than 30 mins for the rides which was quite amazing considering the fact that we went on a Saturday. All the character meet and greets were superrrrr fun, I really loved the vibes, just wished I didn't go in summer. Basically, I feel that it's worth going but here are some advice.My advice:  Have a really full breakfast, the food is really expensive there. Only the sandwich is affordable.   Go on a weekday  Don't go in summer   Go really early in the morning like once the gates are open, run!  Go to the most popular rides first like the roller coasters   Take photos with the main characters; Mickey and Minnie at the town square because the queue's pretty insane when the humans flood in.   For the shows (Lion king Mickey), go there like 45 mins to 1 hour before the show actually starts.   Fireworks starts at 8:30pm, be at the town square at 8pm or even earlier to grab a good spot for amazing magical moments!Definitely going to visit other disneylands after this trip!
Little cosy, not so big compare to Orlando or Paris. But great to see with kids. I bought lots of souvenir for my kids from the shop inside Disney park
Try star wars arena, where you could run with train with surprising experience, but it needs a lot of guts though it's amazing but if you are afraid of high, was not recomended.
Very good decorations, our kid loved parade and the firework. However had some poor organized moments. 1. You should be to queue a loooot. Like from 10am till 8.20 we just managed to get into 5 attractions and took a photo with Mickie. If you want to eat, again... And if you want to find a sit you should be lucky to fine one. Why not to make electronic queueing system? Considering that ticket is not cheap. 2. The tropical sun is to strong to handle. Would be good to have some shades. For train they made us to queue outside the roof covered area referring to instruction. So eventually after a long day you feel exhausted and realize that you missed the feeling of magic at all. Because thats why people usually go there for I think.
it's smaller than the parks in Paris and Japan but it's still disney sooo it's awesome to me. nice staff as every disney places
The park is small in size. Need few places to take shelter during hot and wet weather. I traveled on a dam hot day . My son enjoyed the rides. was expecting more . But kids will enjoy. Can have a sequenced time slot for the show times. I found it to be juggled.
If you have been to other Disneyland Parks you will see that this one looks and feels like the others, but it is unique and different in other ways. First it is smaller and easier to get around. The park can be done in a day, or 2 3 if you are really into the rides. It is easy to get to from public transportation   bus, taxi or MTR. Lines for specific rides or activities can get long. It is best to go during the week, and in the morning when it first opens. They have regular updates to the rides, with the newest one being the addition of Star Wars and the soon to be completed Iron Man ride. I don't love amusement parks (lines, prices, etc), but this was a really easy and fun day for our child. Sometimes sacrifices must be made. :)
This was our second visit to Disneyland. We visited last year in October. This time it was like peak time i guess so crowded and very very hot. The second day was rainy day so the weather was a much better. We liked Mickey's new show the wondrous book but it was in Chinese and the translation was placed up we couldn't catch up with both the characters moving and the translation was up there. But it was a very nice show the kids loved it. We liked the parade my daughter got a vip pass very important princess. We really had a great time! Will visit again for sure but not in the summer or any Chinese holiday. We don't like the crowd!
A great day out when in Hong kong. Especially if u have small kids. A family can easily manage moving ard the park with small kids leisurely in a day.  Good connectivity. Friendly place. Never miss the adventure land !!!!!!!!
Decided to do HKG disney as last minute decision...Park is small.. as per all the other reviews   spent maybe a good 4 hours here. Space mountain is all star wars themed at the moment. Mystic point which is a purely built for HKG was amazing   such a unique attraction and made it worth visiting the park.. Favourite ride was the runaway mine cart ( this also had a single rider line   maybe the only one in the park??) If looking for disney stuff in the shops, don't hold your breath too much... its not 'disney' disney in terms of heaps of mickey and donald and goofy etc.. had more zootopia, big hero 6 and other disney toys . Which made it feel more like a giant toy shop than a disney store.   had your t shirts and mugs as well though.Didnt really see any characters around the park, Did see MIckey as was exiting at main square though... wasnt really looking, but wasn't really advertised either.All in all   was glad I went, but wouldnt go to this park again. They need at least another 3 lands and more than 1 main rider per land to make it great.
I'm still unsure about how I feel about visiting Disneyland Hong Kong. I liked it because I love Disney, there were really cute kids clothes and cheap. So lots of shops to buy Disney souvenirs. It's very exciting walking along the really long entrance towards the gate with a fabulous Mikey surfing   which I thought strange in Hong Kong but cool nevertheless. The castle was disappointing compared to USA but then again you can't expect the exact same thing, so I could deal with that. I just didn't get the Disney kid feeling in my gut! The parade was pretty spectacular, we all loved that. My kids thought it was great but got over it pretty quick! The rides kept closing due to fear of lightning or storms and with the size of the queues the kids said they wanted to leave. No real exciting rides really. No express passes to jump the queue either! You could get them for individual rides if busy but no express queue. We tried to get lunch and that was another effort   no theme park type food available most places were closed and we waited in line to a restaurant which had a bazaar menu and no tables to sit at. So we had fairy floss for lunch! So to some up if your in Hong Kong give it a go for something to do! But don't compare to other parks as you will be disappointed! Go enjoy a bit of Disney!!
We still love this Disneyland as it is less walking than the USA ones and still has a lot of attractions that interest us.The Mystic Manor is my favorite.There are lots of restaurants serving western and Chinese food.The lion King musical is different every time and the music and dance are just Spectacular.There are long queues to see the characters and have your picture taken with them,but if you wait near the fire station you can see many of them come out.I do wish people would not hold up the queues by asking for autographsThere is new storybook garden but it was not what i expected. Check with the programme guide as some parts can be closed for restoration.There was a smaller procession with a band and the characters in addition to the main parade with gave plenty of photo opportunities. The nice thing this time were polite notices telling people that selfie sticks were not allowed and security also asked people to put them away
It's Disney! Die sind reason it's not as good as the US one but it's a great way to spend all day to wear out the kids if you are in Hong Kong. The prices are so much be. I think it was close to $60 vice $100 in California. go early and go to the back of the park first. We went around 1030 and went by the small world attraction. We got sidetracked by our kids a few times but when we got to the small world about 30 mins later there still was no line!
At the end of a long trip in China, we spent the last two days at Hong Kong Disneyland. Though smaller than the other disney parks, this park was perfect for a two day visit. We loved Mystic Manor and Grizzly Gulch Runaway Mine Train. The other attractions at HKDL were familiar from the other parks, so there is not much more to elaborate on. I am fairly sure that I would not make HKDL a destination for its own sake, but it is well worth a visit if you are in Hong Kong.
Very good place fr every one....kids would enjoy a lot....for veg food u wuld only get pizza....loy of activities...A day is less to see all d events..
Had a fabulous family vacation here, and had the best time ever.  Something for everyone   in every age group
I've only ever been to Paris Disneyland before HK Disneyland and when I compare it to that, HK is pretty disappointing. The excitement starts when you get on the Disneyland train of course and when you arrive, but when I saw the size of the castle I just laughed, that set the tone for the day.I was only able to go on a few rides and they were all very tame. To me it felt like it was missing a couple of exciting adult rides. The park itself is quite small and you can get around within 4 5 hours so it seemed to be better to go later in the day so that you could stay for the late show.Souvenirs were more for kids and greatly lacking in adult gifts, like glass items or other collectibles, couldn't even find any snowglobes.This place is an alcohol free zone also
The kids loved it here, it truly was a magical day to remember. I wasn't expecting it to be as good as it was after receiving feedback from some friends, so I was very pleasantly surprised. It isn't as big or impressive as the American locations, but it's still brilliant! My only gripe would be the lack of eating establishments. The first restaurant we wanted to eat at was closed, as was the next one, and the one after that! So the remaining restaurants were really busy and it was hard to find a table. Unfortunately the evening parade we were looking forward to was cancelled because of the weather, but we'd already see a superb Lion King performance so we weren't too disappointed. The fireworks at the end of the day were also amazing. If you have kids, you can't miss out on a day here!
each time we visit disneyland, we hope to have at least 1 meal that is not of the fast food type. so we visit the plaza, they serve cantonese food, and prepare the food only upon order. expect to pay service charge, this restaurant is more expensive than the rest of the others in disneyland. we always take 1 meal here and we have fast food for the rest of our meals. my kids always enjoy the night parade, specially the parts featuring lightning mcqueen & mac. & never tire of watching the lion king show, which is an extraordinary show. even i am entertained each time we see this.
We spent a few days with the kids here ... there was so much for the kids to do here. Only downside was the long queues at all major rides. The firework show at the end was not as great as I expected   lot of smoke from the fireworks made quite smoggy. The Disney parade was the high point for us.
Reminds me on how much disneyland affects my life. Since my childhood till now. Must watch the parade on 3pm and the fireworks on 8pm. Before leaving. Dont forget to buy some souveniers from the shops. If you are moslem, buy food in mystic point food court. There's a lot of option
We have visited Disney World Florida several times and EuroDisney so thought we would take a look. the park is smaller than the rest   and the castle well ??The rides and features are all the same as the other parks so that was good. Food is expensive with a lot of queuing at the main meal times. Transport on MTR was really easy. It's not the same experience without children we didnt think, but the memories are good.
The place was just awesome. Though the price seems a bit on the higher side as 5K per head when you convert to INR, this is something everyone who visits Hong Kong must experience once. The parade in the afternoon and the evening followed by the light cracker show at 8 are a highlight to the entire visit apart from the various places where you get to click with the characters being played by people and that too very lively unlike those that we see in any functions..
It may be the smallest Disney Park but there's much to enjoy and do for all the family whatever your age.
All the attraction was excelent. However, when we are coming star wars was closed. Mtr was cute. Long queing dont forget to bring mineral water
Although name is big but could not find anything great , many parks are better even in India . Food is pathetic also they don't allow any food to be carried inside . Like a Black mail to buy and have bad food at exhobirent price inside . Food for Indians is bad .
Hong Kong Disney is well known as the smallest one comparison to all others in the world. Though it's the smallest one, the kids still felt excited to visit it and didn't mind waiting in line to play the rides in the resort. It was a pity that the rides with fast pass were not enough. Also, when you got the one fast pass ticket, you were not allowed to take another almost until you finished the original one. However, I think it will not be difficult to arrange one program to make the fast pass better in my humble ideas.
We went here at the time of typhoon, we're almost hopeless but the park still opens so we don't waste any time. We were still grateful of what happened, because we almost ride all the attractions. I regret the Grizzly gulch ride, when we're about to enter the queue they didn't allow us to enter ToT No, Mickey waffle. So sad, I did the blueberry muffin tho. It was a fun and very memorable second visit for me~
It's a dream place to visit. New rides open. Train started again. Its very big place to visit. You must be full of energy. Fireworks followed by night parade at night time should not be missed. Check their website for temporary closure of any attractions. Few websites and agents give discounted tickets.
Hong Kong Disneyland is a fun place, but it's mostly dedicated to kids (age 4 14 I would say). As a twenty something year old, I didn't find it as awesome and amusing as I was hoping, considering the fact, that day earlier I visited the Hong Kong Ocean Park. If you are thinking over whether to go to Ocean Park or to Disneyland, I would suggest to go to Ocean Park, as the attractions there are in my opinion way better (you can see PANDA bears, ride with thrilling rollercoasters, explore different sea animals and so on).
Do I have to say something about this manmade theme park. Must visit the Lion King story, little small wonders, the disney show & most important the parade of Disney characters. Must go with kids, they will enjoy to the fullest.
Below was the email I sent to Disney Customer Service, your Director of Guest Experience Services Janet promised to contact me within 5 days BUT she DID NOT. Dear Sir or MadamI am writing this email after my recent depressing and discouraging visit to Hong Kong Disneyland with my mom and my daughter Emma dated 2 Aug 2016. It took several days for me to make this formal complaint because I want to make sure I was not outrageous for the time being but disheartened for good. I do hope you can take some of your time and hear out the story of what happened to us back then.We are Chinese citizens coming from Hainan Province. My daughter is four years old, and she is extremely eager to meet the princesses in person and take photos with them. Hong Kong Disneyland increased the price and Shanghai Disneyland recently opened notwithstanding, we still chose to visit Hong Kong Disneyland because we saw your MARVELOUS advertisement of your wonderful 10 YEARS ANNIVERSARY. We stayed in Hong Kong over the night of 1 Aug and arrived at the Park around 10:30 the next day. However, one hour after our check in when we are queuing up for the raft to the Tree House of Tarzan, the staff dismissed the queue and informed us that all the outdoor activities will be cancelled due to the  3 storm signal. No Cinderella. No Snow White. No Elsa. No Aurora. No Rapunzel. No parade. You cannot imagine how dispiriting and frustrating it was for the 4 year old little girl.It was the first time for Emma to visit an amusement park of its kind. To make this trip colourful and meaningful for her, I spent 8 weekends watching the Disney classic movies with Emma, especially the Disney Princess collections. We chatted over night to discuss which princess she liked the most. We played games together to recreate the scene of each princess movie. Unfortunately, it just turned out that the more you longed for meeting the princess, the more disappointing you got.From then on, at least 3,000 visitors thronged in door and heavily queued up for the only programs left over. We spent at least one and a half hour waiting for the small world. What is worse that we were informed that the park would be closed shortly due to the  8 storm signalI could not just believe it. The dinner was off the record because all canteens and shops in the park shut their doors suddenly. With no restaurants nearby, I had to bring little Emma of 4 and my mother of over 60 back to the downtown without dinner. Not to mention how disappointing we were leaving without seeing the fireworks.I know you would defend yourself using the typhoon excuse, and it is very true, nobody will deny it. Nevertheless, it is your cold heartedness and your negligence that irritate me. Nobody even showed the slightest care for the little boys and girls and the aged. YOU just THREW us out, which is the last thing I can imagine to happen in Hong Kong Disneyland. I cannot understand it and will not accept what had just happened to us. With the modern technology, you should know the typhoon is coming and you know much better than anybody exactly how it will affect the park. It seems to me that you just care more about the number of visitors rather than their expectations and experiences. Maybe you could close the Park for good and post an advance notice, or you could pretend to be sorry and try to be a little bit nicer to your guests, but you chose to do nothing. Oh, I am sorry that you did do something when you made a great effort to kick them out.I chose Hong Kong Disneyland over Shanghai because I believed your 10 years anniversary will be more wonderful than usual; because I believed your staff will be more civilized and more experienced, so that my daughter will enjoy her meeting with princess more happily. Sadly, it is such a fool of me to have believed all this and none of it came true. Of course, it is surely not a trip of empty hand. I   ve learned my lessons: never trust the illusory advertisement. I would love to share my experience with my friends and colleagues who just happen to have kids of the same age like Emma, and I am confident they must be smart enough to learn from mistakes and make correct decisions. Thank you very much for your wonderful service offered to Emma, and she will definitely not badger me again to bring her to any Disneyland around the globe.
That's good! The smell and special lighting effects create a whole new 4D experience. There are so many cartoon characters in there, such as Mike Wazonwski and James P. Sullivan in the Monster University,Elsa,Anna, Snow man Olaf and reindeer Sven in Frozen,Sheriff Woody,Buzz, Lightyear and Squeeze Toy Aliens in Toy story.
Most important thing is to never visit this place during the summer and if you do, do not forget to get your umbrellas and fans. They do sell them inside Disneyland but they are 4 times the cost. The place is ideal for families with kids. There are just about 4 rides suitable for adults. Young couples may rather visit ocean park.
It's nothing like Paris or Florida, it is much smaller. I got bored quite quickly as we had gone around the whole park fairly quickly. We found to be stuck in ride queues for ages! We were in the toy story queue for approx 1 hour and 30 mins and as we turned the corner we realised we were nowhere near the start of the ride!! So we gave up and left.
It's Disney, always fun everytime you go :) sadly the day we arrived a typhoon was looming around hong kong, so the outdoors attractions were closed for the day :  but was still a great day none the less :)
We read we would only need a 1 day pass as this was smaller than US and Japan. We had my daughter get the salon treatment at bippity boopity boo at the resort (amazing) then headed to the park. We pre purchased tickets at the resort whilst we were at salon to avoid ticket booth queues. The lines are long for attractions but bearable. Both days we had a lot of rain and purchased umbrellas and still comfortably walked the park. 2 full days and I think we still missed 1 3rd of rides shows. The food wasn't overpriced and we took our own water in. The gift shops are expensive and lack Disney products outside of princesses and toy story. We wanted to get zootopia and lion king merchandise but there was either limited or none. Recommend the 2 day pass, we are a family of 3 (husband, myself and a 7 year old). Catch the train, was so simple and cost $11 au each way total for 3 of us from Lowloon. Would go back. The fireworks above snow whites castle isn't to be missed. Loved the 4D movie we went twice. 7 year old able to go on all rides. Mickeys storey time was great to see the princesses. Characters for photos very friendly.
A treat to relive as a kid again.. Rides are plenty and new attraction   star wars open recently at the tommorrow land. Few themes in the park for all ages. Halal foods are available. Live characters for photos and parades just makes the park alive for all visitors.
Since we live in Bangkok therefore this is the best and closest disneyland we could visit    really enjoyed the place and the shows as well as the parades and fire work. it was a full day visit for us. Bravo
As a Disney lover, I was so disappointed with Hong Kong Disney. With its next to no rides, disinterested staff, and general lack of spark and character, there was no magic to this kingdom.
A good day out with plenty to do for all the family. They have really taken the time to make this park have the true magical experience. Not on the scale of Florida by any means but still a truely magical day out and fun for all the family!
Visiting hong kong disneyland was the best day in our trip.  It was really excellent specially for the children  The show is awesome even the parents can enjoy  Pretty nice rides but the problem is as usually the long queue   Recommended indeed
This place is a very good theme park for couples or even family..  The park is interesting..  The show is very good.. many places for photo spot..
to get there, it is better to ride the MTR especially for first timers since they have a specially designed train, but of course it is crowded especially during the holidays and weekends.the place is magical, all your favorite characters from your childhood came to life in one place. you need to come up with a plan so you won't waste your time, like using fast pass.staffs are nice but only few of them knows how to speak in english so it would be hard for you to ask them directions or other questions if you don't have someone who knows how to speak in chinese.its best to wait til evening for the night parade and the fireworks :) but make sure you still have energy to ride the MTR or have your hotel transfer pick you up.
It's truly complete theme park for kids, teenager or adult ... So variously attractions ...  Jet coaster in to the doom ... Three dimensions cinema and so much more .. And the best thing is we could see carnival too
Where to start. The park is clean and easy to wander around and typical Disney fantasy. If you're looking for thrill rides this isn't the place with only 4 so so thrill rides. More suited to the younger kids than teens or adults looking for action like the Aneheim Disney.The street parade is a revisited child hood and was very good. Anouncements are given in Cantonese and EnglishEasy to get to once to work out the MTR $28.50HK to get there and $534HK for adult entry. The park had a no selfie stick policy which they don't enforce and they have dmoking areas behind a screen so if you walk by you still get second hand smoke. What they should have is a no mobile policy. Never have encountered any where in the world an culture so self absorbed pushy and rude. Park visitors can't walk around without their noses in mobiles, so they walk into people, hold up lines, push in front of you and watch out for how they also wield umbrellas if you value your eye sight. We were feed up by days end having to deal with such self centred behaviour. It was a real dampner on the day. If the mobile meet work went down they wouldn't know how to cope. Why go to Disneyland if you're going to spend the day looking at your mobile. Take your own food and drinks or you'll end up broke or have someone push into you while you're trying to get out the exit line balancing your tray and risk loosing the lot over someone. Disneyland is a great concept its the visitors that spoil it by their behaviour.
feels like a child again! You have to come here and spend a one day full, better if you stay in their resort, but it is pricey. Do not miss each show, and try to arrange the time to explore all of the attractions here.
I dont know how much disneyland should cost but considering the size, it's expensive. One day is all you need, we went on almost every ride, some 3 times , saw the parde, saw the show and still have time left before the fireworks.The magic is there and dont get me wrong , i love disney but at the same time, my kids understand why there are shops at the end of every ride, and they understand about not over indulge and buy something just because it says disney on it.It was very good but won't be back.
If you go with elderly people or with your children below 7, then the Hong Kong Disneyland would be an ideal place for you to visit with fun. Very simple reason is it's SMALL size comparing to the others in America, France, Japan and the new o e from Shanghai, China. Elderly people and young kids would find difficulty walking long distance for a spot, food and even bathroom. There would be a big burden if either the elderly or the kids are feeling tired andlosi g interest of the journey.All facilities are well oganized where it can be easily reached. Food of different choices are served at very reasonable price. Whether you go by public transport or you drive your own car, all are easy and convenience.Do not visit during summer time as the weather is either hot or raining. October   April is good.The opening of Shanghai Disneyland helps to make HK Disneyland not being packed with visitors from mainland, making improvement to the environment.A small and well organized Disneyland is an ideal place for your next visit, bring your whole family with you!
Affordable theme park. Within 1 day visit can do all attractions at least once, however if you have kids or plan to attend all the three shows it may needs more time. The attractions are very nice and take you back to your childhood times. Even it was a rainy day during my visit I did attend all attractions in addition managed to take a pictures with Mickey and Mimi.
When comparing this to Orlando and lots Angeles parks it's a very mini version. But in saying that we still managed to have a great day and with it being smaller we actually found it much easier to cover the whole park. Things can still be expensive in the park but not overly huge hikes in prices. Take the mrt if you are staying anywhere near a station as it's the cheapest and probably also the quickest way. If you have a child s that enjoy Disney you will definately have a great day out.
Hongkong Disneyland is a excellent in all field.whole day activity, with full fun & masti.all rides are enjoyable,every age of group must ride, in last FIRE SHOW is fantastic ...unbelievable... so big.it is best for all age of group. one thing i want to say in Disneyland it is so costly food .. water.. everything... so plz take with you these things from outside.
The disneyland, I suppose, must be on everyone's list. It is a childhood fantasy to meet your favourite disney characters. The best thing about the DISNEYLAND HONG KONG was its parade. Just wow and mind blowing. Although after 5 6 hours, the adults do get bored and usually sit. The star wars section is pretty amazing. My favourite ride was the grizzly mountain. When in Hongkong must go.
This month of Hong Kong Disneyland trip is very  hot . (It is advise that don't come during hot weather, if you don't like hot day like me). Since bring kids, the most important is to go for 2 show, which is about the Lion king and the Mickey Mouse theater. Attraction will be the afternoon parade and the nite parade. Station that must not miss will be the  small small world ,  toy story with buzz ,   the story of Winnie the Pooh . At night the fire cracker show is not my kids favorite, so during the fire cracker show, we actually having our late dinner in the restaurant. Is great to have dinner during that time because the Disneyland MTR actually crowded with people. After our dinner, no need to queue at the MTR, this will be more easy for us (parent) that bringing 2 kids around. Overall this place still nice, but need to choose during cold weather. I don't like hot ! Last forget to mention that, remember to purchase ticket before reach Disneyland, so that you no need to Q for ticket at Disneyland but still need to Q for bag Checking then Q for the entrance. Enjoy!
The place suits the young and young at heart. It offers exciting activities like rides, shows, and other fun activities for all ages.Food had options, but most were pricey. We spent a fortune on food and beverages.We were hesitant to go there at first because of the rainy weather prediction. Fortunately, it didn't rain and was actually very hot. Best to bring an umbrella during visit for protection against the sun or rain. I just don't think you'l be able to explore all the rides offered during the rainy season.
It is much smaller, but it may be even better than the one in Florida! The rides are longer, and the lines are shorter. The longest line I saw was 50 minutes. At the Disney park based in Florida you can wait 3 hours in line! There are different rides, I like them more in Hong Kong Disney. I would HIGHLY recommend it! If you go here are the rides you should hit first.Mystic Manor: Best ride out of all of the Disneys!Space Mountain: STARWARS    You should try to do most of the rides because all of them are absolutely astonishing!NOTE: Toy Story land gets crowded when the weather is good.*Wish they had fast passes for more than 2 rides *
I have been here before and it was just not the same. The crowds are much bigger and the wait is too long. There are no trees so there is no shelter from the hot sun! The staff are not as friendly as they used to be and they did not try to understand that the temperatures were high and they could easily have hurried the pace between rides if they managed it properly. Also they never filled up all the rides and a lot of rides had only two or three people where 4 or 5 could easily have gone. The only good thing was they had a fast tract where you could punch your ticket and were given a time to come back for that particular ride. Though the time given was 4 or 5 hours after it still meant that we did not have to wait under the hot sun.The parade only starts at 7:30 PM and the light show at 9 PM!!!We were there from 1000 AM and there was no way our children could stay awake that late.They should look at having these two much earlier.
It's not what you expect from Disneyland, quite small, crowded of course and little boring also for kids
Park is amazingly easy to navigate.   Small for a Disney park, but rarely crowded so it is nice.  Food options are unbelievably bad as they cater entirely to mainland Chinese tourists.
Sorry, but I am not a big fan. It's part of the Disney corporation which simply fleeces people and families for nothing. The rides at HK Disney are nothing special, the food is terrible and they try to sell you plastic trash at every opportunity. Avoid. If you want to go to something like this visit 'Ocean Park'   it's 100 times better, easier to get to and educational, as well as having many more rides.
My friend and I were making a quick visit to Hong Kong and decided to get a two day pass to Hong Kong Disney. My friend is a Disney fanatic and really wanted to go so I tagged along. We really enjoyed our experience here. Staff were very friendly and helpful! Park was clean and easy to get around. We really enjoyed some rides we can't enjoy in the states, including Mystic Manor and Big Grizzly Mountain. The park is very easy to get around; it's similar to Disneyland in Anaheim in the sense that it's just one park and you don't have to go to multiple park entrances like you do at Disney World. The food at HK Disney is super unique! Most places serve rice or noodle dishes and dim sum. Try the korean squid! Parade and fireworks at night were spectacular! Getting to the park is very easy by MTR. The train is even decorated with Disney memorabilia. Overall, wonderful experience! Highly Recommend! If visiting in hot weather, bring an umbrella. It will provide shade from the heat!
I would say this is the smallest of the Disneylands. It didn't help me that when we arrived, it was hammering it down. The castle was pretty small... but maybe that's just me. There's no Pirates of the Caribbean ride, which is a shame, but otherwise the rides are a lot of fun. If you go looking for the Disney themed dim sum, I'm pretty sure you have to be staying at the main hotel to get it.
Easily accessible by mtr. Fun for the whole family. Tickets seem a bit pricey. Overall everyone will enjoy. Must see the fireworks show.
Lines are shorter compared to California Disneyland and Tokyo Disney.   My daughter enjoyed watching the shows like Mickey's wonder book, King Lion and 3D show is amazing.  Nothing better than being in air conditioning in June humid hot weather.
My wife and I came here for the first time in 2006. 10 years later, we returned here with our kids. Although there were not many new rides and venues, It was still joyful and entertaining as it was 10 years ago. The food was ok, the park also very clean. However I feel something difference about the services. Not many staffs around, not many photographs taken to be deemed in photostore booth, some staffs a bit not friendly nor helpful. I saw a father got mad to a staff, complaining why his kid cannot took a photo with mickey while he already stood in the line but the photo session time was up. I once heard from someone that one of Disney's motto is  no child cries (or feel sad?) in disneyland!  Regardless the need to be improved service, I think it was an exceptional experience for us.
Nicely done. Not too big so can get round in one day.   Remember to ask the workers for free stickers!
Since I live in the Philippines, Hong Kong is just a 2 hour flight away. And since I love Disney, I make it a point to visit Disneyland every time we go to Hong Kong. We usually arrive there at around 10:00 am. We go this early because there are shorter lines. Once you get it Disney it is best if you go straight to fantasyland and all those rides before taking pictures with characters along the way. Although there are water fountains scattered around the area it would be best to bring water bottles since water is a bit pricey there. The meals are great as well. Very delicious for a theme park. The bathrooms and facilities are clean and well maintained. So yeah. I really enjoyed my time there.
Huge place to explore with many interesting spot. Have great memories in this place. Do purchase your ticket earlier because you wont want to line up with long queue at the ticket counter.
avoid weekends as it's packed with the visitors from the neighbour country. expect queues at all rides. bring your own water for hydration or pay expensive price for a bottle of water. communication mainly in Cantonese.
I've been to Disneyland in Anaheim and in Disney Sea in Japan...but I can't compare Disney HK to them because they showcased the best and the grandest fireworks display ever. I imagined just fireworks, but until you see the Disney Castle transformed to a huge digital display of our favorite Disney animations while the fireworks display each theme. I cried like it was my first time and cried like a baby! Truly one of the best trips ever with my husband. (Please avoid May travels because it was sooooooooo hot)
I've been to Disneyland (LA & Tokyo) and Magic Kingdom before, so me and my sister basically skipped along all the rides we've already been to at those three parks before.
When in Hong Kong for family vacation, we were pulled to Hong Kong Disneyland to compare it to the LAX and MCO versions. Definitely a lot smaller but it was still fun. Keep in mind there are only two fast pass attractions but crowds were not that big. Certainly glad we tried this out but we only needed 6 hours to get thru the park with our family of four.
This was a magical day for the whole family. You get catch up in the Disney magic and it's well worth going. The whole attraction is spotless and fun our whole family made brilliant memories.
Fun little park. There are 2 disney hotels located on the park. A bit expensive although one is cheaper than the other. The park offers all the Disney characters and a beautiful parade and fireworks in the evening. We spend 2 days 1 night. This was more than enough! Good time had by all!
On a 38C weather ...Pros: not too much people shorter Queue line great service rendered by Duffy & Shellie May shop Suet, helpful and initiate to have interaction with guests.Cons: Dirty everywhere, can't understand if this is Short handed or staffs just not attention to details instead of seeking interaction with guests, 95% of staffs were just Chatting with co workers aside from merchandise shop staffs, See No One Smiling .. Maybe it's Too Hot? But I don't this is a Reason, coz they keep Laughing while they chat totally cannot understand the announcement made in microphone, why are they hurrying what they wanna say?!?I mean we can understand all 3 languages, but I was wondering if staff are just trying to do it Fast or Afraid of talking in front of the mic? locomotive staff even PSSST!!! To guests who cant understand its only a one way train. Shouldnt he tell guest Politely? F&B: most of the Restaurants were fully occupied, went to Banquet hall & have a vegetarian cutlet, main dish & salad were fine, but tomota side dish .... Can be better. but over all, most Impolite staff ever seen ...Louise from Dumbo!!! I took a video on how she work, unfortunately unable to post it tripadvisor, anyway if anyone have a Chance of Experience her Services, you will understandhow Terrible she was. Its just No Passion   world Murdered her parents and she want to Take a Revenge to the world .. Everyone in this world is her Enemy!!!Overall experience: Bad attitude from most of the Staffs, but I do Believe this is a Hong Kong Culture .. Just being Impolite, but if you're Disney, then I guess you're carrying the Brand all over the world, & not just a local theme park.Lot of Space to Improve ... To be a Disney!
I had great expectations of Disneyland, this being my first visit to a Disney Park. I've been to Universal Studios Singapore before and was enthralled by it. Somehow, Hong Disneyland doesn't match up to that. Is it the energy levels or the lack of cool sound effects? Somehow, it fell a tad short of my expectation. But hey, its still a Disney Park and a fun way to spend your day. Do check out the cool shows, the Mickey shaped waffles at Main Street USA and do not miss the night parade with Alladin's  I can show you the world  theme, its truly magical!
Our kids aged 8 and 9 loved HK Disneyworld. While smaller than other Disneyworld's elsewhere, there is more than a full days worth of rides and things to do. There is a light show at 9pm which was great. The queues weren't too bad on the Thursday when we went. You have to be prepared to eat there, which adds to the cost. The kids both did Jedi knight training on stage with my son successfully slaying Darth Vader! They had photos taken with Chewbacca and Mini mouse (not together), and enjoyed some rides. Two of the rides are fast and come with warnings on the physical nature, such as sudden jolts, so some options for older kids. There was no roller coaster for young kids. One ride, Mystic Manor, was quite scary for the kids but great fun. If you go in August, go when you know the weather is good, we had to plan around Typhoon Nida's arrival! Both kids and parents had fun, and would go back.
The best parade I have ever seen in my life. Make sure you stay and enjoy the night parade and fireworks well worth it.
This is my second time already but I still enjoyed this amusement park. I still love It's A Small World, the dolls are so cute while singing in different languages. Festival of the Lion King is just ok, the singers are not that good. Will surely go back.
We have been to Disneyland in Anaheim, Disney World, and Paris Disneyland. We always find the parks to be a fun day trip. First off, Hong Kong Disneyland is a smaller park compared to the others. It's a park that you can feel accomplished at in only one day. We were able to ride attractions multiple times even though the park seemed packed. The park has many of the classics: Winnie the Pooh, Tea Cups, Railroad, Cinderella Carousel, Space Mountain and the Jungle River Cruise. Big Grizzly Mountain was closed during our visit, which was unfortunate as I like Thrill Rides. The best   and I mean THE BEST attraction at Disneyland Hong Kong is Mystic Manor. We rode it 6 times throughout the day. Despite the park being busy, we never waited longer than 10 minutes in line. This ride is a MUST. Although not my favourite Disney park, it's a good visit. You should have plenty of time to do and see everything you want in one day.
One of the most incredible place u have to visit with your loved ones.Heading to Sunny Bay station where you have to stop n wait for Mickey train there... The Mickey train will take you directly to the resort.Ahh you can also rent stroller for your kids and wheelchair in front gate near the old fire department.For the purchase of souvenirs bfore 13.00pm will get 10discount... Have fuuunn and dont forget to wait until 7pm where Mickey and friends will perform a night parade...
I remember visiting HK quite a number of years back with the school trip.This is the first Disney Land I have ever been to, most of the rides is short but fun.At the end of the day, there's a 10 15mins long of fireworks, it was spectacular and beautiful. If this is your first time visiting a Disneyland and never been to any before, you surely will be left in amaze and wow.But after been to several DL around the world, I had to say, this is one of the  smaller  version with shorter rides. It's tough call esp after you've visit several better ones around the world. But nonetheless, it's still a pleasant experience and a legit DL park compare to the rip off CN version.
A real disappointment. It has couple downs in my view:1. It searches customers bags for food! We thought it's for security but turned out they search your hand bags coz too many Chinese bring in food to avoid rip offs. Felt really bad that they worry more about their profits than our safety!2. A total rip off  we were encouraged by Disney Hollywood at check out counter to bring our bags with us to use the luggage locker  service  in Disney. Turned out its a HK$90 piece  service . A guy in front of us has a glass bottle of water. The  security  forced him to put it in a locker n paid HK$90. Not to mention food n drinks there are 4 5 times more than market prices.3. Dirtiest restrooms: you can smell them miles away. Toilet seats r worn with footprints. I understand there have been tons of Chinese tourists but the management can at least clean them more frequently.4. Terrible service: It rained heavily one hour before Lion King show. All rides were closed. Tons of people had no places to go but were waiting in line. The management just kept we all in the rain for full one hour. They could have opened the room and let us wait inside. Previous show is done 2 hours ago n we know the performers were in another show so the room was empty. 5. Limited rides: there r really not many rides. Only 3 4 rides in each  land . Fire works last for 10 seconds. U can finish all rides in one day incl 30 60 mins waiting for each ride.Go only if your kids like Disney but u don't want to spend too much time. Be prepared to be pushed n cut in line by Chinese. Shows may stops at anytime too due to too many Chinese uses flash lights...
I really like the place because it is worth it to take pictures because their design are magnificent. Every time I take a picture the childish part of me comes out. It's also great to bring your kids here to let them be kids and enjoy the Disney characters.
this is my second time, so perfect the innovation.  the attraction  of theme park is very majestic.  more relax, fun and happy every after at the end of the day.
We came specifically with the kids, and they thought it was one of the most amazing places they've been. It was super delightful. A repeatable experience. Their quotes. For parents it was meh. We went when there weren't crowds and still we needed to use the super queue thing once for the Winnie the Pooh ride. I would have preferred fast tickets and paid for them. I would recommend it if you are in HK for a few days and can spare one. I wouldn't make it a destination.
Must visit attraction in Hong Kong. Be ready to walk a lot. This place is quite big with lots of good rides. Download Hong Kong Disneyland app available in app store to navigate and find the attractions easily. Waiting time for the rides can be as long as 50 minutes as we visited on weekend. They do offer the express pass.
Well what can I say? Its the happiest place on earth!!! The park has a lot a seating areas and shade, also you cam see all the show schedule on their website so check it out before going so you will not miss a thing. Just bring extra clothes and wear comfortable shoes because you will do a lot of walking! And if your are a selfie addict dont dare bringing you selfie stick cause it is not allowed in the premises...and the food is kind of expensive...well because you're in Disneyland. Anyway it is the happiest day on earth so no complaints here :)
We took a 2 day family fun package to Disneyland. The experience began as soon as we boarded the special Disney themed metro from Sunny bay station. As you enter Disneyland you are transferred to a colourful land with live performances, great rides and a night time fireworks show.
Spent the whole day there from 11.00 am and caught the train there. Bought my ticket on Klook app and received a discount which made a difference. You are not allowed to bring in food or drink but they let me have a small water bottle that I filled at rest stations through out the park. Food was ordinary and some outlets not open. Food stands were better and cheaper,...I ate before I got there so only snacked. Every ride and theatricals are included in your entry price and at the end of every ride you walk out into a shop of souvenirs but save your buying until the end otherwise you have to carry it around and the shops stay open for a short while after the fireworks. The parade in the day was fun and the night one was fabulous. The fireworks at the end was worth the wait and a good tip is is to position yourself straight after the night parade for the best view. Avoid weekends and I went on a Tuesday and it was not overcrowded. All staff were excellent.
Haven't seen any other Disneyland across the world. This was my 1st visit to one. The place is wow... A great visit for small kids and adult kids. It has something for everyone..where you can connect to your childhood memories and fantasies. Do visit it on a weekend where the park is open from 9 to 9... So you can cover almost 90 % of the rides and stage shows in like one day itself.. ( do go for the single rider option... That's the quicker way to get onto the rides) Also do ensure you witness the mesmerizing Fire works at night that happens at the Disney castle.
Bought the ticket online where they have promotion. Went there for 2 days, they have lots of fun activities for kids even for adults (if you willing to join in). The average height is 120cm if I not mistaken to play or enjoy everything. For more info you can check at the disneyland hong kong website, because some park they have height requirement and just don't wanna spoil your kids mood.
Take your kids here, they will love it! Meeting a lot of Disney Character! It's such a dream for kids or those who love Disney a lot! For me hunting Disney Character is more challenging than take any ride there! You could ask Disney Team to check their Photo Session Schedule. To avoid the long Q, buy online ticket and redeem in  Auto Magic  Ticket Machine in the main entrance (back of the Ticket Counter). This really save ur time! It was very hot when i was there, so don't forget to bring Umbrella, Hat, also sunblock. The mini fan also useful there. U could buy from Ladies Market for hk$30. Don't miss the Parade at 3pm and 8pm. Paint the Night Parade is so awesome. First row is a must! Having a brunch   lunch   dinner at Main Street Corner Cafe also a good choice! I love the Beef Set on the menu. The beef was the best, very juicy and tender! Last but not least, if u do shopping the souvenir, u could deposit your goodies and take back before u go home. U could ask the cashier for this service.
It is the smallest Disneyland so far.  Toilet arrangement and everything is nicely arranged. Only comment is restaurant serving speed is slow hence causing insufficient seats.
This is the place to visit if you are in Hong Kong.  Easily accessible via metro, wonderful entertainment and kids as well as adults would really enjoy.
Amazing place for children and adults likewise. Too much to walk and lot of activities to do, although waiting for activities can annoy you sometimes.  Disney character parade and fireworks at the end is worth watching...
I visited Disney with my brother and it was a dream come true for me when i planned to visit disneyland 30 years ago. I was amazed that from train you will see mickey and how organized it was to handle the crowd. What i like most was the fireworks at night and it was the best place to stay at the entrance of disney train because you will see the whole beauty of the fireworks. We spend the whole day from 10 am until fireworks finished at 9 pm. Dont miss the lion king live and the storybook show. Its really amazing.
Easy to follow instructions on railway line, then make a change over to a special Disneyland train awesome.
We can't think Hong kong without visiting Disneyland. Its Awesome. The standards are very very high. BEST part of Disney is its night parade which many people missed. Enjoyment of Disney lies in its both afternoon and night parade which is a lifeline of Disney. Recommend everyone to attend the night parade for sure.
Went there before the opening hour. Easier to buy ticket that time as less people were there. Entered as soon as the gate opened and BOOM! Everyone seems to forget their age. Everyone were having fun like they were still kids. This is the attraction that you would want to stay all day, as fireworks show start just before the closing hour. Rides were good, nothing extreme but that is expected for a family attraction.
I can either say something short about Disneyland or go on forever about it. To put it simply, it is honestly the most magical place on earth and I would do anything to live there.
Took the MTR there which is not only cheap and convenient, but there is a whole line only catering to the disneyland, so everything on that train is disney themed! Really hypes you up for the day ahead. Bought tickets there and we were like the 3rd group in the queue so very fast. This is our first disneyland trip, so my gf wanted to eat all the disney shaped food lol, pretty expensive and not worth it (to me) but she liked it. More kiddy rides for young kids and no thrilling rollercoasters so it wasn't my kind of themepark, but overall had fun there.
i brought my kids to hongkong disney in july 2016..its so terribly hot!be sure to bring umbrellas..in my experience,we arrived there 11:30 already,and the line is short..be sure to buy ticket on line..we bought ours on klook.com..so you dont have to fall in line.use the fast track ticket in 2 rides..we use ours on space mountain in tomorrow land..weeh!that ride is so great!be sure to wait for the night parade and fire works ,its worth it! and the ride at night ...the queque is shorter already..so the not so good ride,dont waste your time queqing it if you plan to stay until disney closing at night,because the line will be shorter at 6pm already..well..this was our experience..the food inside disney..lunch at royal banquet is 115 hkd minimum for steak menu but not yet have softdrinks..you can buy your food vouchers online too..so its more cheap,ut at 12 noon,i bet that there will be no table for you,so you have to come to disney with heavy breakfast then just eat lunch at 2 to 3 pm..
Getting there : firstly I want to make it clear that I am rubbish at public transport and always panic  get lost . But on the advice of everyone we got the MRT there and it was super easy . The trains are air coned , clean and easy navigate . The people move out of the way so you can board and lots of workers in the station speak English so there is always someone to help and EVERYONE know how to get to Disney . The Park : obviously it is much smaller than its American counter parts but none the less magical , there a few rides for adults , they have their own space mountain and a runaway train . Been smaller it works better for younger children than the huge American parks as there is less walking . It has all the usual Disney charm and places to eat . Food is not that expensive inside and even the most expensive sit down place is not more than   15 each for a decent meal and drink . Because the park is smaller when you get a fast pass for the rides you are only waiting 15 mins maximum and to see the fireworks , everyone gets to be close to the castle . There are no vip slots , or pushing like other parks . This isn't the biggest park with the best rides , but it's still magic and easy to get too . The ticket price is cheaper than most , and you only need to go ONE day , do not go more than one as there isn't enough things to go and you'll be waiting your money ! Enjoy if you go ! Ps you must go see the lion king show it's free and on a west end production scale , turn up 15 minutes early , it's also air coned so it's a great break for the children from the heat !
Park, rides, parades and fire works are really thrilling. However restaurants need lot of improvement. Restaurant staff is not helpful at all and looks like not part of the Disneyland.. Food quality is terrible for vegetarian. Restaurants get closed without any prior notice and you can not be sure about it.
was there with some friends for a long weekend, only wait for attractions , waiting waiting waiting. was a nice day not a holiday, chosen by purpose, but still very disapointing
We had a wonderful time purchased a 2 day pass which was cheaper and it turned out that we needed it as we still did not see all in the 2 days we went.Get there early as the queues are sometimes get long
Not very pleasant in the heat   not enough attention paid to cooling, fans and so on. It was  a fun experience but of the Disneylands I have been to ( Paris, LA,) this is least favourite.
We have a disabled child in a wheel chair. There was no fast track ticket option or priority line for disabled or wheelchair. The lines for the rides were very long minimum 45 minutes waiting for each ride. When we were waiting in line for a ride, I requested the attendant if we can come ahead in the line as we have a disabled child. She said that we need to provide proof that the child is disabled and need to bring a letter from City Hall that the child is disabled. I said we are tourist, we dont live in HK, how can we bring letter from HK City Hall? She said then we cannot get ahead in the line. My child was in a wheel chair and he has Down's Syndrome. What more proof did this lady want? We had a terrible experience at Disneyland Hong Kong and will NOT recommend this to anyone with a disabled child or wheelchair.
Disneyland Tagline's was Happiest place on earth. and it was true. this place brings joy to everyone who come to disneyland
Pre book your tickets... We arrive via coach tour. The line for tickets was enormous. There is a security bag check prior to entering Disneyland . It was a fun place to visit especially during the weekday as there are less people visiting than on weekends.The rides and shows are amazing, but there are limited food options and they are expensive, but they do not allow you to bring food in hence the bag checks. Each world has its own eateries so chose wisely..
We are frequent visitors of Disney World and so opted to visit HK Disney while in HK for a different experience. The park is definitely smaller than WDW or even Disneyland in California. We went mid week in June and there were no lines. I attribute some of this to the language barrier, but I felt it missed some of the Disney Magic. For example, the afternoon parade was non existent. We arrived at 10, many rides didn't open until 11. We rode almost every ride, some 2 or 3 times. Kids have new favorites, Mystic Manor and Grizzly Gulch. My kids are half Chinese so really enjoyed a little Asian flair to the park. It was very easy to get to on the MTR and was a great day trip but I would not go out of my way to travel to HK to go here. All in all it was a good taste of Disney but missed the mark a bit.
I've been to Hong Kong Disneyland for about 3 times already and I must say it never gets old! Whenever I go there I still feel the excitement. It's really a perfect place for kids and on my case kids at heart. If you're not really a fan of rides then 1 whole day is enough to experience the theme park. My personal favorite of all the rides is the Space Mountain an indoor roller coaster, like I could ride it again and again. Oh, and  It's a small world  is just too cute! Also I watched the Festival of the Lion King, a show where they feature the story and the songs of the Lion King of course. To complete the Disneyland experience, watch the fireworks display and make sure to find the perfect spot to watch the fireworks display.
This Disneyland harbors only a small number of attractions for teens, and the number of shops and restaurant surpasses the number of attractions. For example, there were only two roller coasters. Nevertheless, it is sufficient for a single day visit, and the lines are relatively short   the longest were about 30 40 minutes, and many were just several minutes. Shade was in shortage, and the hot day made the experience quite sticky.
The rides are good but the food choices are diabolical. You can't take your own food in so be prepared to eat crap and you'll be fine!
We visited HK Disneyland in the month of July, I'm guessing it was school holidays in neighbouring China, so there were hoards of Chinese tourists. The queues were Long and we had to wait a minimum of 45 minutes for each ride, the queues were very badly managed by the Disneyland authorities. Some of the quiet were suffocating as there were no fans even and hardly any place to stand due to the winding queues. To add to it, the Neighbouring crowd were very noisy and had total disregard for others, and were happily cutting queues at every opportunity without any guilt or consideration for young kids who were standing on the line.We managed only a few rides for our 7 year old Daughter due to the Long queues, however the evening parade and the fireworks display was a treat to watch and made up for the day's misery.
As much as I love traveling to all different places around the world, one of my dreams is to visit all Disneyland resorts around the world. More justified reason now that I have a little toddler who loves princess as much as I do! It was truly magical! Everything about it is magical! If you're going with family and young children, I would say this is the best Disneyland resort to go as most of the attractions are perfect for kids below 5 years old but make no mistake, it also has attractions for adult like raft and all. It was rather unfortunate that we didn't see the fireworks when we were there because we've arrived in disney resort quite early so we didnt think we could stay longer. We will certainly take this into account for next Disneyland destinations.
Visited last week....very easy to get to on MTR. Good day out but found only 2 big rides....most all for the little ones. Merchandise shops dominate this Disneyland. Stayed all day to catch the night parade...which was worth staying for. A good family day out.
We went to Disneyland with our 8 year old and she loved the whole experience. We took the 2 day pass and meal coupons. It is a bit difficult to cover most of the rides and character meetings in one day. We did most of the rides on day 1 and some rides and a lot of character meetings on day 2. The meal and beverage coupons are really good since you get much better value for what you pay. You can however take a few water bottles and some snacks into Disneyland specially if you have kids with you.
Going there on a Saturday was really quite tiring considering the volume of people going t here. My son enjoyed his visit anyway. Some areas were closed also so people jam packed to areas who are a open. Could have been better if more rides are available.
Yes, it's fun to be a kid again! You'll remember every bit of your childhood.  Downside    expensive food and drinks haha
Its only great for kids, no thrill place. Quite boring for adult. Universal studio is way better (i try the one in singapore) be back? No
We live in Japan and decided to hop over to Hong Kong and check out Hong Kong Disneyland. We went to Hong Kong Disneyland with two kids ages 7 and 4. The actual entrance is down a long pathway that takes 10 minutes to get to from the hotel drop off point. We were told the park opened at 10:30 so we arrived 45 minutes before rope drop time. But we when got there, people were already allowed into the park. Which was strange. We went on a weekday and even though the park opened at 1030. Toy Story land didn't open until 11 and closed early at 8. Many restaurants were closed but we weren't sure if they were closed because it was a weekday. We wanted to eat at Explores Club restaurant but it didn't open until 12. We notice many snack food stands did not open until 12. We rented a stroller inside the park which cost $100HKD   $100HKD deposit you will get back when you return the stroller. If you want to do Jedi Training for ages 4 12 do the sign up first thing when you get in because it will get full. We bought tickets at DisneyLand Hollywood Hotel the night before. We generally don't go to the most popular rides first we went until the end of the night when the crowds die down and there isn't a huge wait. One of the most popular rides is The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh that is also a FP but we opted to go right after the night parade and the wait was only 15 minutes. The Buzz Light Year ride we went right before the firework show at 8:50 and there was no wait. The kids loved ToyStory land and went right when it opened at 11 and we waited only 5 minutes for the rides. You are allowed to bring in food and drinks. Personal space does not exist and people will be literally on top of you when you are in line. We watched Festival of the Lion King which is great and we waited outside. We didn't understand why we couldn't wait inside the air conditioned theatre. People will try and cut in line so beware. Our little 4 year got pushed by adults because she walked too slow. We had to carry her prior to waiting for shows because she almost got trampled. Would I recommend going to Hong Kong Disneyland? No. If you have a chance go to Tokyo Disneyland and DisneySea. Even though it crowded people are polite and wait their turn.
I'm sure that this Disney is a bit smaller than the one in Florida. But the entrance costs seemed lower so I cant complain. Lots of the usual Disney things to do but the staff here didn't seem as slick as Florida staff were. Having the MTR take you straight there was good, but definitely buy them before you go as the queues were long and it was hot. We bought ours earlier in the day at the Hong Kong (not Central) MTR station   no queue.There was a good selection of food for most people, nice to see it also included Asian food and drink too. Green Tea for Mickey?
we had visited disneyland hong kong on July 27th. We had booked disneyland tour from 4 pm to 7 pm . It was a great experience that we never been to any que. My 8 year old daughter really enjoyed it. our tour guide Wini was really nice that our daughter miss her a lot even after we are back to home in Dubai. we were able to go all the rides with in 3 hours. Tour service booked from Disneyland website really nice while we visit hong kong disneyland on summer.
Spent the day there in 34C heat and high humidity so the day was spent in as many air conditioned attractions as possible! The queues for the attraction were not too long, about 10 15 mins when we went. It's an expensive visit and the park is not the largest but there were many points where we were wow'd by the Disney experience such as the mickey 4d cinema and the underground ride 'a very small world'. Only Disney could create such magic.
Having visited parks in american and europe Hong Kong disneyland was a completely different experience. It's the same in some senses but different in so many ways, I loved experiencing disney in a different culture. They also have some amazing rides! We visited for two days during our trip and we felt that gave us plenty of time to take everything in.
Had to do this as have been to a number of the other Disney sites in the world. More for the younger kids but a couple of bigger rides which are fun. Easy to get to from the centre, $500HK entry each, and everything the free about from food drink. Worth a visit.
We bought a 2 day  4 night package to experience HK Disney. Having been to the original Disneyland and Disney World we had a fair idea of what we were in for. We were there on a Thursday Friday. The shuttle from the Disney Hollywood hotel was clean, cool and efficient. The wait to get through security was a little long...all up it took about 45 minutes of lining up to get through security then the gates with prepaid tickets. Upon entering the park you are instantly transported back to your childhood of Sunday nights in front of the tv watching Disneyland. Take the Disneyland express when you first enter the park. It's a bit of a wait but it gives you a great overview of the park before you begin. Perhaps because of local demand the Princesses don't seem to feature much. On our 2 days we only saw Elsa and Anna and Rapunzel. Tinkerbell was present as were Buzz Lightyear and Jessie and Andy's toy soldiers. Mickey, Minnie, Goofy and Pluto were available all day in different locations but we found the Asian market seems to prefer characters over Princesses. It was so very hot and we struggled with lack of seating and shade. While the lines for rides had fans misting fans should be around the park. The food options were very ordinary, meal deals or bundles being mostly on offer. It was difficult finding just chips or a light snack. We grew very tired as did our child of him being photographed. Being off season and with him being blonde blue eyed, we seemed to be the only westerners there and as such he was   fair game   to photographers. The Disney crew were very good at asking people waiting for character meet and greets to STOP taking pics of our little guy. We found that to be very invasive and really did affect our little mans enjoyment. Queue jumpers and pushing and shoving was also very tiring. Given HK Disneys proximity to Australia we found the lack of English understanding challenging. Chose your toilets carefully....some were so clean you could have eaten off them, others so filthy we walked straight out.The merchandise available was nothing exciting. Mainly toys in boxes that I could buy at my local department store. However they really need more staff serving in the various shops. We heard of people waiting for an hour in line to be served.The rides were pure Disney.....I can say no more than that. And after visiting Ocean Park where our 4 y o missed out on a lot because of his size, at HKD he was able to ride most things.The fireworks and light show projected onto the castle were phenomenal.So our 3rd Disney experience came to an end. Will we return....no   but did we enjoy it ? Yes !
Its not like we go to Hong Kong and then visit Disney Land. The trip was planned for Disney! We, especially my daughter had a blast. All activities in Disney are worth trying. Firework show is the highlight. Just make sure to be at the viewing location well in time. We missed that on day 1, so had to rework our plan on day 2 just for this. Allocate 2 days for the visit.Best to stay in one of the hotels on site, especially Disney Hotel if within budget.
I am Italian, totally trustworthy.Well, it's Disneyland: that's it.Not a huge one, in 4 5 hours, depending on crowds, you do wout any stress all the attractions.There is no fast lane, although some attractions have a reservation ticket to get if you want to speed up things.
every time i went to Hong Kong, i went to Disney.and the last time i went was disappointing.The staff were very rude, i think 80 percent the staff were rude, they did not only rude with me, but with my sons, nephew, sister, parents and with the other customer.I know it was very hot in July, but they must have some standard to take care of that matter.Many other customer don't like to queuing
Don't believe anyone who says that Hong Kong Disneyland is too small boring. Having visited both Disney World and Disneyland Paris on multiple occasions, I can safely say that this was the best experience I've ever had at a Disney park. For July, the crowds were surprisingly small. We never had to wait more than 30 minutes to ride anything (even for Space Mountain & Grizzly Gulch Mine Cars!) We are used to peering over heads to watch the parades due to crowds, but we arrived at the parade route 5 minutes before and had an unobstructed view!! We were there from opening (10am) to closing (9pm) and still didn't manage to ride everything, despite the small queues! The only negative to the day was the heat, however queueing areas all had fans and were mainly undercover. With the opening of Shanghai Disneyland I can see why someone might think Hong Kong Disneyland is rather smaller in comparison, but I would still encourage you to visit. Some of the rides are identical to other Disney Parks (Toy Story Playland), some are similar but have some major differences (Space Mountain has a Star Wars theme) and some are completely original (Mystic Manor is one of my favourite rides and can't be found anywhere else!)All in all, we had a spectacular time at Hong Kong Disneyland. I'll definitely be visiting again!
It was so to be lovely there. We visited with Disney land for the first time with my 6 year old daughter and 3 yr old son. The place has everything for all, including us!!. We enjoyed various rides. It so huge that you need probably two days to really explore this, however one day is also good. In the night they have fire works which is very nice to watch.
HiWe bought 2 days pass for Disney online which turns out to be cheaper ... Infact you can finish the same in 3 4th of a day if you reach there by 10 in the morning Its comparitive very small as compared to others . The rides   games are all as per walt disney standards . Try going on the week days if you want to avoid the queues .. Only thing which is upsetting is that even a bottle of water is 28 HKD which quite upsetting ... One knows any ways that when kids are there they dont understand what money means and thats where people earn Money ..
Compared to my last visit in Nov 2008 which I enjoyed very much, this time was a bit different.Perhaps it was due to the weather and because of summer holidays, there were too many visitors, especially the rude and cutting queue ones. Suggestions so that your visit will be better:  avoid the summer crowd  bring strollers or else, you can rent at the site  bring umbrella just in case it rains or for you to hide from the summer heat  bring water bottles  you can refill at the water coolers. water cost a bomb there  food drinks carts are everywhere, halal restaurant is available so you can be there the whole day. Perhaps snacks are allowed to be brought inside during the bag inspection, the officer told us that rice was not allowed  so we ate our rice just at a rest area, then went in.  if you want to take your time, please get the 2 day pass  stay at the disney hotel if you can or stay anywhere in lantau island that is close to the MRT station that has trains to Disneyland. It's convenient.  stay for the fireworks.  if you do stay for the fireworks, then the crowd going back will be really huge! So, I suggest that you take the taxi back to the hotel etc.
I visited Disneyland, Hongkong in April this year. It was with my wife and two chidren aged 16 and 13. It was a wonder full trip for us. Our earlier trip to Disneyland was in 2016, at that time it was boring and we had to wait hours to enter into a ride, as the nos. of rides were low. Now it is difficult to cover all the rides in a single day. The major attraction i found personally is the cartoon caharacter  STICH show  .The Entry ticket is is bit at higher for a person like me from India. The food and access to the park is excelleant.
Well though i must admit that i was old to be in a place like disney but never the more i became(in thoughts) a kid and enjoyed it so much. Loved each bit of it.. the rides the show , the parade all were great!!
Not much impressive compared to other Disneyland. Differences are Grizzly Gulch, Mystic point, and ToyStory land. Others are same as other Disney park. Another difference was you could get a few tourists from specific country cutting the line during queing for attractions, never seen this in other Disney before, ha ha. making your day dull. Entry ticket was quite expensive considering its smaller area then other Disney Parks. Dining in the Park was really expensive to rob your wallet. Overall, once was enough here, won't be back again.
The best time to experience and visit Disneyland is during cold times because you will enjoy to take a walk and enjoy the beautiful sightings. You have this feelings that you are into a Kingdom of Joy and Fantasy. We really had a wow moment at Disneyland.My son enjoyed it so much especially the enthralling and exciting rides like Space Mountain, Tomorrow land, Story Land, Mickey Mouse Opera, Jungle River Cruise. This place really will give you the chance to bond with your kids as you go along with and enjoy the rides. If exhausted and tired on the rides, the place has provided enough resting chairs or sits and you can relax and have a photo ops. I am very impressed on the cleanliness of the park. This place is a looking forward to go over and over again.
For first time visitor, please do remember to collect all the print seals from every cartoons characters and take 1 to 1 picture with them.Many people missed the activities and end up regret for it. Luckily i still manage to get the signature and print seal from my favorite Donald Duck. And one more thing to do please do not shy when you in Disneyland. Enjoy dancing on the street and singing with your cartoon character to the fullest!Did i forgot to say there is amazing fireworks at around 8pm everyday?
I visited Disneyland Hong Kong in October, 2014 and i can assure that it was the best theme park i have ever visited for years, the park is clean, huge and alive.We enjoyed the rides so much and we were lucky to attend the parade as well.I recommend this place as it is one of best attractions in Hong Kong.
I'm back to visit disney this time with my youngest son and daughter. Our last visit here was 5 years ago with my eldest daughter. I can say that after that I was really happy to see the added attractions like the Toy story and Grizzly bear. Plus the shows were superb specially the Lion King. We enjoyed our visit like it was just our first time. Plus the fact it was a perfect timing on a weekday we were there Wed a lot of people but not crowded and the lines in the rides was fast fast. We even get to enjoy Space mountain riding on it 3 times in a row since there were no lines during that time. We enjoyed the weather also because it was winter :) We just got disappointed having our pictures taken with some of the mascot because of the long line and sometimes they cut the lines and we still have to chase them on their next schedule for photo sessions. But over all we will be glad to come back again. All the roller coaster rides was fantastic Grizzly bear and space mountain is our favorite.
Disclaimers: We're a vegetarian family, and we're not  into  merchandised goods of movie   cartoon franchises! We browsed through the website and made an effort to find out start timings and durations of the shows in advance, figured the most popular rides, and planned a  route  to walk less, and enjoy the most!We spent 2 memorable days in HK Disneyland, including a 1 night stay at the Disney Hollywood Hotel. The resort is well connected by road and MTR. Since we had booked our tickets online in advance, we did not have to stand in the queue for long. This might also be because we planned to be there on weekdays, we reached earlier than park opening on both days and of course our little cheat sheet route plan. For us the BEST part about Disneyland were the parades, and shows (including the little side acts!)   My advise would be : dont miss any at all as far as possible, even if it means missing a ride or two. Two days are an overkill and might only be required for HK Disneyland if its crowded   weekend. We managed to complete all shows and all rides in 1.5 days. It turned out to be a lucky plan because the Paint the night parade was cancelled because of rain on Day1. There was an Easter egg hunt theme underway while we were there, and both kids LOVED it as well. All of us had different favorite rides...but we found something to love in each land, Tomorrowland, Grizzly Gulch, Adventure Land, Toy Story Land, Mystic Point, Fantasy Land. We took pictures with Mickey & Minnie, collected stickers, bought souveniers, the whole deal!
We had a wonderful day at Disneyland, this was our first Disney experience so cannot offer any comparisons.The attention to detail in and on the way to the park is fantastic, the staff were all friendly and the stickers they give the children were a lovely touch. We were very impressed with the shows, especially the Lion King and the paint the night parade was excellent. Our son loved meeting the Star Wars characters. We spent a full day there and did most of what we wanted to. Another half day would have meant we covered everything.
It is a very convenient location. There is a MTR station right in front of the theme park. There are free shuttle buses to both the hotels, Disneyland Hotel and the Disney Hollywood Hotel. The theme park is very clean and the workers are very friendly. The fireworks at night was fantastic. My children loved it very much. I am looking forward to going there again.
By far, the biggest problem visiting Hong Kong Disneyland in July is the oppressive heat. That, combined with our weekday visit, probably contributed to the relatively small crowds and short lines. Most of the rides had lines of less than 20 minutes. We have been to all of the Disney parks except the new one in Shanghai, and many of the rides at Hong Kong Disney cannot be found anywhere else. In particular, we really enjoyed Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Car (a combination of Big Thunder Railroad and Expedition Everest) and Mystic Manor. The park does need more fans and cooling mists in the waiting areas but that was our only complaint. We had our lunch and dinner at the indoor Chinese restaurant and we found the food good and the cold a c refreshing. There was no line to get into the restaurant.At only US$70 for an adult admission, we found Hong Kong Disneyland to be a very good value. Next time, we'll probably visit during a colder time, so we'll be expecting bigger crowds but at least we won't have to spend a small fortune on cold drinks.
My experiences in this place are always worth remembering. The first I time I visited with my mom, I haven   t gone through all the attractions. So I vow to visit the place again with friends and family and go through to those I have missed before. It would be worth the time if you will be early so you can visit all the attractions for every area there is queue line and every theater show has a slot time. There is a need to budget the time and the guide map is very helpful. The staffs are very friendly. The Lion King and Golden Mickey are great. Kind of show that kids will surely most love it. The Grizzly Gulch is fun. I love it. It is the most twisting experience there ever. Where you can shout loud all the way. But what is the most fascinating is the Disney in the stars fireworks. It was breathtaking. Colors sparks above the sleeping beauty castle. Dreams do come true indeed. It is surely one of the happiest places on earth
It might be smaller than the Disney in US or Paris, but the fun is definitely the same! taking the rides are a breeze since the queue doesn't exceed more than 15mins, even for the popular ones. Food are local HK delight and taste pretty amazing.
While my wife and I have waited a good 40 years to go to a Disneyland to see Mickey and the gang, our 9 year old son and 7 year old daughter were at the perfect age to have their first experience.Without another Disney experience to compare it to, I can'y comment on the standards in comparison to other parks in the franchise. Our experience was fantastic and we were not disappointed.We got to the park at 11:00am and stayed until the night parade at 8:30pm and the fireworks finished. we arranged transfers through the hotels tourist guide to make it simple for us on the day.Rides are about a 30   40 minute wait no matter which one you are attempting to ride. The weather is HOT & HUMID, take hats, sun screen and drink lots of water. Tomorrowland is great and the new Star Wars roller coaster which is completely in doors is amazing!!Expect to spend around $1000 if you are going to the hit the shops up, its is hard not to get in to the spirit of it once you are there. There are merchandise shops all over the park, and you have to walk back through the main strip of them on the way out, so don't feel like you need to buy up as soon as your walk in.There is one shop just through the castle doors that does the Mouseketeers Mickey ears and you can have names embroided, this is pretty cool and something unique to take away.Due to the time spent at the park and the heat, it was epic, it was magical and we loved our day so much, we are planning to go to the one in America.Not the biggest, but enough to bring up the memories of growing up for the adults and a truly special place for the kids. If your in Hong Kong with kids, schedule this in.
It was like being at LA Disney. My OH had never been to a Disneyland so i think HK Disney was a great introduction. Its on a smaller scale and when we visited (April 2014) the haunted house wasnt open. I'm sure many more attractions have opened since.The train to Disney is fantastic. The arm holds are shaped like Mickey Mouse, as are the windows. The kids loved it too.So clean (as you expect) and worth a visit...we didnt have kids with us but didnt stop us at all. Went on all the rides :)
HK Disneyland is a good option for a short getaway with small children. Though rides and games are limited, it's still a fun place to hang out with the kids
As the weather in Hong Kong is hot, water seems to be the most expensive item at Disneyland. Queues were OK because we went on a rainy day, but the food was ordinary and the drinks were expensive.  Park was clean and day was fun.
My Grandson who is 11 had a ball with the Jedi training that he participated in. However his 14 year old sister was gutted as she could not do it as she was too old.So much to see and do was quite a good day despite the mopey teenager. Everything is run like clockwork precision from all activities and parades. Not huge lines for rides and get through them fairly quickly.Impressive gardens and grounds. Very hot humid day. Worth every penny to see the joy on the kids faces. Even the parades were colourful and so huge. Only had one day and did not get to see it all.
This was our second visit in three years and the standard has dropped a little. The rides are still the same but the cafe serves very average food and the gift store no longer sells quality gifts. Very average things for sale and we were disappointed that the more expensive items like ornaments were no longer for sale. You cannot get a decent coffee here. The place is only small so one day is plenty of time. What I did find annoying is they were offering a cheaper deal for people from Asia but any other country, you did not get a discount. In Australia this would be classed as being racist and discriminating against people. I did contact management about this as I did think it was very unfair to give discount to certain people and not others. The kids had a good day here so it is worth the visit. Just dont expect any decent food and long lines to get on a ride. Make sure you stay to the end to see the street parade. Small but cute.
Not the biggest park but still as magical. It's summer so the heat can be unbearable, so to manage we made a lot of pit stops in airconditioned shops, saw the shows which were all airconditioned, and focused on lining up in attractions with airconditioned waiting areas in the morning and afternoon. As soon as the park opened we quickly ran to Space Mountain for the Star Wars ride to get it over with. Good thing we did because there was only a 5 min waiting time and when we finished our ride the waiting time was at 30 mins. Water is HD28, so I suggest to bring a water tumbler or prepare to break the bank.
excellent time both for kids and adults.all rides are excellent.shows are must see.at least two days should be reserved for it.
The Hong Kong Disneyland brings out the kid in you. We had fun in the park eventhough it was very hot when we visited. We really enjoyed the Lion King show and also the evening parade. All the character were fun and bubbly. We can see that lots of kids enjoyed it too. If you are a Muslim, there is only one dining option which is at the Tahitian Terrace. The merchandise sold at the park also were really cute and adorable.
Compared to the US Disney parks you may be disappointed with this Asian offering. Only two  big rides  and 50 minute queues in buildings with little ventilation .The majority of the park is retail outlets and food halls and the park is kept very clean . Overall although enjoyable a little underwhelming .
Once again the advice is to go early. We got there before opening time and still had to wait to purchase tickets. The queue just got bigger and bigger as we waited for the gates to open. Had my grand daughter with me so we went on the more extreme rides but they weren't really that 'challenging'   people have told us since that we should have gone to Ocean Park if we were looking for more adventurous rides   maybe next time.
The newly opened Disneyland in Shanghai is more than 3 times bigger than the one in Hong Kong but they have only 3 more toilets than Hong Kong, so good luck.In Shanghai Disneyland since the price of food inside the theme park is quite high, so people are allow to bring their own food.
We visited Hong Kong Disneyland with the kids ages 7 & 9! The kids were very excited but felt a bit let down since a lot of rides were shut..the ones that we'r operating were ok..we felt universal studios in Singapore was far better..!The highlight for them was the parade which was nice but mostly in Chinese ! The queues to meet Mickey& Minnie were very long!! Won't be visiting anytime soon again!
When you think of Disney you think big, crowds, and busy! We visited Hong Kong Disneyland in the off season and I was surprised. We had a fantastic day but there are some things you should know going in. (1) The park is small. Really small. You can realistically do the park in one day. The park is about 1 2 the size of California's Magic Kingdom. For our experience with our toddler, the size of the park was just fine. Due to the size some of the rides that are in other Disneylands are not here but Hong Kong makes up with it by having other lands (i.e. Mystic Manor, Toy Story Land). (2) With the off season you will not have to wait. I think the longest we waited for a ride was about ten minutes which was fantastic. (3) The characters are there! I was really surprised how many character experiences there were throughout the park. (4) Easy shuttle from the hotel. We stayed at the Disneyland Hotel and we were able to shuffle my son back and forth in the park without any problems. (5) The operation times are different. I was really surprised that in March the park did not open until about 10:30 in the morning. Main Street was open but the rest of the park was not. (6) The prices  it's a Disney experience. Get ready to shell out big Hong Kong Dollars for anything. Its pretty much a once and a lifetime opportunity so live it up and go big or go home. (7) Don't fret if you use a restroom and come across a squatty potty  there are western toilets in there, you just have to look. :)
Highly recommended for family or Group tours   place is very orderly   public transportation is highly recommended. Must visit during summer season (bring umbrella for heat) start the tour as early as you can.
Smallest and youngest in the Disneyland Park Family. Even on weekday   one has to wait for hours and in hot weather   it's a torture. Although map of the park is available for free and in abundance   there is no clear route or path to follow. It's like you are in a maze. You need 2 days to cover it properly with kids considering the Disney parade of day and night both plus fireworks.
Having been to Disneyland in California and Florida, you will not get excited by HK's one. However, My grandkids were thrilled to see Mickey and Minnie. They enjoyed the rides. ..They enjoyed everything, so I enjoyed and feeling their pleasure and happiness.And that is what life is all about.Transport is great via MRT.
Bought the tram disney ocean park package over at HK Airport (cheaper and includes one meal). The rides are appropriate for my 4 year old. If you do your calculations right you may just skip the queue for all the rides lol. Food choices nothing to brag about, but it is generally inexpensive compare to ocean park which is ridiculous and distasteful!
Great park lots to do and see , very clean staff are so helpful I had an episode where I became unwell and collapsed and the staff took great care of me couldn't thank everyone enough. I have been to Disney in America and la and this park isn't as big but still has lots going on and lots of rides including fast passes also
Disney Hong Kong, is amazing as all disneylands, but is small,  I went and in 5 hours i visited all.  The toy story area is pretty awesome, they have rides  for all ages.
Overall the place is ok. Yet, you need to plan well before going. I suggest you to go early in its opening hours as you will not have to queue up for long for the rides. Around 3pm, you need to wait for around one hour for a 5min ride.Also, if you are a Muslim, know that there is no good dining option and there is no prayer room. It will be difficult to have a place for prayer.
We had a fantastic time at Disneyland Hong Kong. It's what you come to expect from any Disney theme park! The rides are all fun and waiting times for most very manageable. HK Disney is significantly smaller than its Orlando counterpart so comfortably completed in a day without too much rush. The parades in the afternoon and evening were both great. We booked the meal package where you can select to eat lunch and dinner in a range of food courts and a snack from any of the vendors. Maybe saves you a few dollars but not the be all and end all. Tomorrowland and fantasyland both closed at 4:30 for their premium pass holders which is a shame. Why should regular customers miss out when we have paid good money to experience the whole park? The usual rude people that push and shove in queues and parades will get on your nerves but obviously not the park's doing.
Loses a few points due to the tameness of the roller coasters and the fact that getting water here is an absolute pain. The park area is small as compared to its Western counterparts. However, the night belongs to them. A parade in the night which was simply glorious was followed by an epic fireworks display. All the Disney feel and love is abundant. You'll feel absolutely great when each character comes in on their tableaux and on the beautifully lit castle. However, the park needs some upgradation as it feels a little flat in the day.
The resort is easily accessible on the metro   there is a line directly into the resort. Entrance fee was about 550HKD pp. the park is small enough to do everything in one day. We arrived at 12:00 and went to the theaters to escape the heat. I would actually recommend going at 15:00 during summer. It's everything you would expect from Disneyland. There isn't many adult rides and it's obviously not as great as the U.S. Resorts but definitely still worth it. This was a great day out for us   27 yrs and 34 yrs old and no kids! :) It is a very expensive day out. A small meal is 120HKD. An ice cream is 35HKD and a small bottle of water is 32HKD. The souvenirs for sale are much cheaper though, especially compared to the food! We stayed until the end. We watched the paraded which was amazing and the fireworks show! It really was magical and the evening was such a great vibe with all the lights and the cooler weather :) A must do!!!
It has some (by no means all) of the features of Disneyland but it's small and pokey really and disappointing if you've been to any of the US parks, Euro Disney or even Tokyo. To be honest I think this was just Disney marking time until the Shanghai park opened and I wouldn't be surprised to see it close once the bigger version on the mainland takes the tourists. It's not really Disney at its best.
If youre the type who'd lean onto the more thrilling side, you may skip this on your list. The place is too big but there arent many rides to choose from. Id rather enjoy and go to the oceanpark instead. This is also a bit more expensive than the latter. However, the kids will have a lot of fun. My favorite ride was the star wars underground ride, too cool to miss.
We reached there at around 12 pm. We thought we will leave by 4 5 pm. But our expectation was wrong! Children were so excited and didn't want to leave. Generally very exciting   festive atmosphere, but rides are always busy, and you have to queue. Some queues take almost 45 50 minutes! We left in the night after the parade (amazing and must see!) and the fire works. This is one of the main attractions in HK, and is a must!
Was here last year with my kids. Place is  fun tastic . We came here 10am in the morning but we're not able to explore everything. It also rained during that time so some of the rides and activities has to be stopped for quite a time. the usual afternoon parade was also cancelled due to rain and was replaced by a mini parade that only lasted for 3 5 minutes. Nice evening fireworks but nothing spectacular. We did not see all the attractions but my kids and I enjoyed our visit overall. I think you have to spend 2 full days or so to be able to explore everything..staff were nice and friendly...find the entrance fee a bit expensive and i hope they will make it more reasonable so you can come back the next day to see everything..
A good place to spend the day no matter what age. At 68 we both loved it. Tickets were bought at seniors rates.directions are good. From centeral station signs direct you to the correct station to Disney land. Suggest to go during week smaller crowds. Good eating facilities and toilets. Waiting times for rides not long. The Donald duck 3D movie worth going to for an experience. Nice relaxing seats to sit on. Tomorrow land dissapointing. A little dated and tired. Overall a good day out for young and old.
It was small! Coming from the State, there was no comparison to the Disney World. But at least I could say  I've been there !
Hong Kong Disneyland is different form the other Disney parks in that it's much smaller and less crowded. It basically a mini park if compared to the Florida parks. A few nice rides, such as a parachute ride and it's a small world but you can really see the whole park in one day. Short lines at the rides also makes the park easy to do. The park is at the end of a short subway train ride after changing trains from Hong Kong. It's also a 20 minute tide from the airport. We stayed at the disney hotel so we took the Disney bus to the park. But if you stay in Hong Kong itself it's not hard to get to the park by train. If you have the time I would surely take a train out to the park to enjoy a day at Disney.
Spent a good 8 hrs under a wonderful sunny and blue sky day at this fantastic park, just making 10 yrs. Not as big as others, however is very well organized, well maintained and with great attention to details, Enjoyed both parades, night and day one, along with the fireworks at closing time. Kids will love it. The train goes along the perimeter of the park and has only two stations, north and south. Restaurants are very good and there are plenty of activities for all ages. I do recommend the shows which are quite colorful and attractive, especially during summer. The park a dedicated MTR line connecting with the yellow at Lantau.
This Disney land is a pore copy of the real Disney land in America. The rides are very short and have to wait in queues in stifling heat for 20 minutes until you get inside for another 20 minutes wait in the air con then a 60 second ride. At 358 hkd it is not good value. I won't be going back.
This have to be one of the smallest Disneyland around but it contains almost all the standard fun that you will expect from Disneyland.
We were so excited about this day trip that we planned. It is very expensive and my older kids (23 and 21) found that there is not enough rides for young adults. In comparison to the one in Singapore this was not worth the time or money. The cooldrinks and water was over prized. Will not recommend Hong Kong Disneyland
We decided to visit HK Disney on our honeymoon. The day we chose to go here it was raining very heavily. We were informed on the door that all outdoor attractions were closed and there would be no discounted tickets due to this which is highly disappointing considering over 90% of the attractions were outside! anyway... we decided to go in as we had made the journey all the way from Kowloon and we were really looking forward to our day out in Disney. I would say that it is not value for money at 530HKD, purely due to the fact that it is so much smaller than other Disney resorts. We enjoyed the magic of Disney anyway and had a great day after the rain had stopped and attractions had reopened!
It is a dissapointment this time in HK..minus the ignorance of the mainland China people. I went there before in 2012, service was great when it was still newly opened. Now, attractions would close without notice and it is the most favorite attraction that were closed. It is not recommended to come in July since it's soo HOTTTT. Food and drink are costly. If you buy the souvenir cup, cost HK88, it cost more for the drinks filled up into the cup. Totally not recommended. Disney characters hard to find. Disney MTR was great. No selfie stick sign allowed when you enter the Front Gate but people still use it inside. Go Figure!!
I'm going to tell you how to experience the best of Disneyland HK in under 3 hours. This is assuming you are going yourself or with kids   9yrs old, so I haven't included any baby rides.First of all, understand the value of Rope Drop. Rope Drop means being at the park just before they open to be the first on popular rides. Then, knowing which rides to do earlier on will help you beat the lines and will save you HOURS!Ready?Be at the park 20 mins before open to get your tickets. Park opens 15 mins before official opening time, but they restrict you to the Main Street shops. Have a walk around but get to rope drop at the end of main street 5 mins before official park open. At rope drop, go in this order:1. Space Mountain (x 2 times if you like it)2. Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters3. Winnie the Pooh Adventures 4. Grizzly Mountain Mine Cars (x 2 times if you like it)5. Toy Soldier Parachute Drop6. RC Racer7. Mystic Manor (opens an hour later than other attractions)8. Festival of Lion King show (take note of the show time, think it's around 12 noon. You don't want to miss this. If you are behind schedule move this up the order list)10. Jungle River Cruise11. Tarzan's TreehouseThis should take you approximately 3 hours. After this, it's free & easy. The only thing that sucks about going this early is that the evening street parade which cumulates in a fireworks show is pretty neat but that would mean staying out all day anyway.
Being an amusement park aficionado, I was prepared to discount HK Disneyland as one of the more mediocre and smallish theme parks compared to others across the globe. However, I was pleasantly surprised and enthralled at the unique attractions offered! There are several spots that are beautifully distinctive of their Chinese heritage. The Explorer's Club Restaurant, for instance, looked like a dream and it felt like I was transported back to imperial China while I was eating there. Plus, they offered Hainan chicken which is my favorite! The newly installed Toy Story Land is fantastic, designed to make you feel like one of the toys in the movie, with the huge dominos, bulb lights, and toy crates. The rides here are worth noting as well for their thrill factor.My favorite attraction apart from Space Mountain has to be the Mystic Manor! I won't spoil the surprise, but it is definitely a must ride twice, as it offers a different experience every time!I have to comment as well on the absolutely 100% magical fireworks show at the end of the day, which almost brought me to tears. DON'T SKIP THIS! It is by far the best and most enchanting among the other fireworks display I've seen in all Disney parks (Disneyworld Florida included!), as it features one of a kind pyrotechnics coupled with projected animation on the Cinderella castle, lots of flame effects, all beautifully synchronized to Disney music.
We've visited Walt Disney World on numerous occasions as well as Disneyland Paris and the original in California (we just missed the opening of the new park in Shanghai), and therefore had to visit when we were in Hong Kong. We arrived just as the gates opened assuming queues and having to rush round the big rides. Whilst it was busy on the train out and at the ticket booths, the park was very quiet and not huge by other park standards. We didn't have any material queues (10 mins max) and covered off everything during our 6 7 hours visit. A great park for a day visit if you're in the area and a Disney fan.
Disneyland delivers on expectations, it's a smaller than other parks internationally but great for small children. Just remember it is hot in Hong Kong and add crowds it's a big day
July 6   Group of 19 spent a day in Disneyland. What a day, so hot although it rain in between. Everywhere a lot of people, too crowded. You gotta wait for at least 30 minutes for every ride. Wasted a lot of time just waiting.Really enjoyed the fireworks though.
Although smaller that the original Disney in US, it still did not fail to meet Disney's goal to be the  happiest place on earth.   The Lion King show is a must see.  Been there several times and I always go back to watch it.
What can one say except this is Disneyland after all. Magical place for the kids but bear in mind that HK Disneyland is way smaller than the one in LA!
Park was very nice and comfortable like all Disney parks we have been to. One negative was at opening it was very congested and they opened the park in sections in 20 minute increments. It caused chaos and people running and crowding. We had a steak lunch in the park that was very overpriced and tough. Not eatable.
I took my (then) five year old daughter to Disneyland and found it very manageable. No, it's not as extensive as Disney World in Florida, but it's perfect for younger children who don't have the stamina to go around a much larger theme park.
If you havent been at any of the other Disneyland locations then a must be. Dont go there on chinese holidays (Feb   Oct), there will be millions of people : )
Myself and my partner brought my nephew (16years) to Disney in Hong Kong in July  what a great day! Disney is a bit of a trek but the MTR makes it really easy to get there. I have been to Disney in USA and although smaller , the HK Disney is still really excellent. Tickets were around 500 HK dollars which I thought was really great value as we were there from around 1pm until 8pm. Really enjoyed the rides especially Space Mountain. For this we got the Fast Pass which u take a ticket that gives you an alternative time to return and at this time you may only queue for 5 minutes (compared to maybe an hour in normal queue ). Really loved The Lion King stage show also, music was fantastic  was like going to a mini musical. We left before crowds at around 8.20pm as final fireworks dispay is on at 9 pm and from previous experience you will be waiting for a train if you decide to stay and watch. Really enjoyed the day and would recommend highly.
As per all Disney's immaculately clean with all the touches. This is smaller than the California one however great as it combines some of the Adventure Park characters such as Toy Story with the traditional Disneyland in the one park. We were there Monday and Tuesday and the lines were not bad. Longest wait was for Winnie the Pooh however we went back to the park in the evening pre fireworks and walked straight on. Space Mountain is still the best!! Mickey's PhilharMagic was also great for all the family.
It's the smallest of the Disney parks so if you've been to the others it's a little disappointing. I have a 13 year old daughter and there wasn't enough for her age level. Sadly Space Mountain was closed due to renovations. The Hollywood Hotel was lovely. Everything you expect from Disney. If you have never been to a Disney park it's a good introduction. It's also better for young kids.
Yup, it really was hot! And i can say it really made the kids a bit tired and grumpy . But of course since it is Disneyland they made the most of their stay! We enjoyed our trip and the rides. And of course the lion King show, parade of lights and mystic point! Lots of walking involved so be prepared! Kids will always get hungry too. Overall it was still fantastic and will definitely go back again.
Really fun especially the Mystic Manor which is not at any of the other parks we've visited. Only bad surprise was two lands closed at 5 on Fridays all month if July for a private function. It was really hot and humid so bring water and a hat. Food is one area where improvements should be made. Also not as efficient as other Disney parks in line management.
I've never been to other Disneylands... but according to everybody.. HK Disney is the smallest among all. Well, you can see everything in one day, but I truely enjoyed my time there. I loved riding Space mountain and watching old Mickey movie...
Hong Kong Disneyland is the smallest out of all the Disney Parks. However, it was great. It was less crowded, so we could actually do more. The average wait time for a ride was 10 15 minutes, compared to an hour at the other Disney Parks.There was a lot to do. We spent a day there and barely got through the whole park. The park consists of seven parts (Main St. USA, Adventureland, Grizzly Gulch, Mystic Point, Toy Storyland, Fantasyland, Tomorrowland). The most congested area was Fantasyland. All the kids were running around having a blast. This is where the Dumbo ride, Teacup ride, and It's A Small World ride is located. I didn't get a chance to go on the Winnie The Pooh ride, bummer. They have a show called Mickey's Philhar Magic. It's a must see. We ate at the Royal Banquet Hall in this section and the food was good. The combo meals will run you about $20US. It's your standard fare (noodles, curry, sushi, pizza, etc.) The pizza and sushi are shaped as a mouse head. This section is also where you can get your pics taken with Mickey and Minnie.Adventureland is where you can take the Jungle River Cruise. This is also where they have the Festival of the Lion King. It's a scaled down version of the musical, The Lion King. The production was on point. I loved the props and costumes.Main St. USA is where you'll find a ton of shops and eateries. At the end of the night, they host the light parade and the fireworks show. The light parade starts at 7:45pm and the fireworks show starts at 8:30pm. Space Mountain, Orbitron, and Jedi Knight rides can be found at Tomorrowland.The Grizzly Gulch is Wild West themed. There's the Geyser Gulch and the Gold Mine Roller Coaster.Mystic Point has the Mystic Manor ride. Be sure to go on this ride. It's super cool and fun. It has a lot of spooky stuff, but it's not scary. Pay attention to the pictures on the walls. I'll leave it at that and won't ruin it for you.Toy Storyland was my least favorite. It's definitely a spot for kids. It has a kids play area and some rides. My eight year old son liked this section.My favorite thing that I did here all day was see the Mickey's Philhar Magic show. It runs about 10 minutes and it's fabulous. You go into this huge theater and they show this short film on the giant screen. It's of various Disney characters singing their songs. It's in 3D and the theatrics are superb. When the Little Mermaid came on, you could feel light sprinkles of water getting splashed on you. When they redid that food scene from Sleeping Beauty, you could smell the cinnamon apple pie. This production is crazy. Do not miss it.
Caught the MTR to Disney.  Three train rides but easy to catch.  Had a great day at Disney (stayed 8 hours).  It is very busy but a fun day.
fantastic time with my wife. i thought it was for kids, but i was so wrong. i had loads of fun. will definable go again
I spent two half days exploring Hong Kong Disneyland   an afternoon and a morning. The park was not particularly busy and also only offers FastPass at two attractions   Space Mountain and WInnie the Pooh. Neither needed a FastPass to be experienced though   wait times were very manageable.While Hong Kong Disneyland shares the same name as several attractions found at the other Disney Theme Parks, they have variations to them and should not be missed. I liked that Small World actually labeled the rooms so you could follow along with the countries represented. Space Mountain had a smooth track with different experience from the others.Hong Kong has several unique attractions that are among the best Disney has ever produced including Mystic Manor and Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Train. These are not to be missed.The castle is probably the least impressive of all the Disney castles, but still gives you a magical feeling nonetheless.The park offers several shows and attractions in multiple languages   be sure to check a times guide. English was not widely spoken, but easy enough to get around and communicate, probably more so than what I experienced in the Tokyo parks.Will definitely return once the park expands a bit more.
Being the third disney land among my places of visit . This one is by far the smallest . The park can be completed in a single day . We got special discounts from the China Travel Service CTS at the HKG Airport , which was added with a buffet lunch as well . The rides were simple basic , but the star was the two parades . one in the afternoon and the bigger grander one at night . All in all a fun packed place to be no matter how old you are ..
Disneyland Hong kong is not as good as Orlando but is still worth a visit. Based on the magic Kingdom, this park does not offer as many rides and the castle is very small but some of the attractions in this park are done so much better than its Orlando counterpart. Space mountain has been upgraded to Hyper space mountain here and is just so much more fun as you hear start wars music all around the park. Another ride with a different twist on it is Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars based on thunder mountain, again like Hyper space mountain, simply a lot more fun than its Orlando Counter park. Our only complaint was that Tomorrow Land & fantasy land closed at 4:30 on our first of two visits due to a private event, luckily it didn't effect us as we had a two day pass, but if we had only visited for one day this really would effected us especially after we paid good money to get in.
There are seven themed areas inside the Disney land. (Adventureland, Grizzly Gulch, Mystic Point, Toy Story Land, Fantasyland, Tomorrowland and Main Street, U.S.A.) make sure as soon as you enter take the fast ticket of Tomorrow Land (one of the theme area) ride. It's free and saves your time standing in queue. As soon as you enter you get little confused where to start from. Go to the information desk and ask them. Take the map and start exploring. There are also amazing live shows and parades throughout the day   just confirm the timings at the information desk. For the best discount at Hong Kong Disneyland restaurants, pre book value meal voucher (not included) gets you one lunch, one dinner and one snack! Make sure you stick around for the fireworks show   Disney in the stars, it's choreographed to Disney themes! It takes place at 9:00 in the evening. Of all the rides we loved the Jungle River cruise in the Adventureland and Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars at Grizzly Gulch. If you have a kid who is between 8 to 12, this is a great place. This tour takes a whole day so smaller kids gets tired or worn out after 3 to 4 themed park. You can opt to stay at disney resort in such cases, we did not stay there so cant say much.
I went here last year as I'm a Disney fan the travel agent said to get a 2 day pass not worth it as it smaller then the other Disney l went for the day instead as there was a category 3 typhoon was arriving so it was raining they closed the rides only thing that was open was the shops.They don't cater for westerns and the don't understand English.
Clean, not far, easy to get there.  The restauranta a bit expensive but we can eat more cheaper like fish and chip, chicken and chip.  its more than half price than the restaurant.  Watch lion king, its very nice
This is a great place for some fun. In order to have a perspective of the area, it is advisable to take the train ride around the amusement park and see its attractions from this vantage. In order to maximize ride times, it is good to be early in the day and take on the rides you want first. The queue on these can be long from noon time. It is not good to hook up on the free wifi though as my email account had been highjacked with my friends eventually getting rubbish mail soon after.
A great day out!Less rides than disney california. Probably 1 2 days needed to see everything.Quick differencesBetter in hkg:Space mountain is Star wars themed   better than california!Small world is nice, but different. Has some upgraded animatronics, and tries to have different disney characeters throughout small world   very cool.Some cool shows   eg: Philharmagic. Very good and worthwhile.Different:There is a different haunted mansion. We only made it 3 4 of the way through before the ride broke down, with us on it, but it was very fun what we saw.There is a different take on the big thunder mountain railroad, and that was a great ride.The same:They have a buzz lightyear astro blasters, which was quite fun.Whats missing:Quite a few rides. eg: no splash mountain, no pirates of the carribean, no roger rabbit, none of the classic car rides (eg: mr toad, peter pans flight, alice in wonderland).Still worth spending a day though! Note: There is a disneyland themed subway line that takes you straight to disneyland. This was super convenient and worked amazingly well.
Not as great at the American Disney's, but this was expected. Quite affordable in comparison though. The staff were amazing and very helpful, but I would recommend visiting any other time than in the Summer. It was too hard to line up with a 3 and 7 year old in the heat (which was 32 degrees celcius, but felt like 42c according to the app). The sprinkler system's which are at every amusement park in America, should definitely be introduced here, as we ended up missing out on a lot of rides, as the wait was too long.The parade was great   but really that was the only thing that made it feel really 'Disney'.
Not ideal for thrill seekers as there are only 3 4 extreme rides. Probably best suited for families with kids although it is not a cheap day out! Plenty to do, food & souvenirs are bad value for money.
HK Disney is very small and lines for the big attractions are long. We did enjoy our day and took in a few attractions and the Lion King Show. We really enjoyed the Philharmagic 3 D movie!
Best for Toddlers. Fun however bring your raincoat as HK weather is very unstable.  Worth every penny. Food is expensive.   For Teenagers, think twice.
Ok   Yes, it is smaller than the US Disneyland   But come on, it's Disney! If you are a Disney fan, you will not be disappointed. There are lots of gems to discover at Kong Kong Disneyland   including the parades, stage shows, shopping, characters and rides. The lines are longer in some places than others (e.g. Toy Story Land), but most move rather smoothly. We visited in the heat and were grateful for the extra accommodations that Disney took to make the visit as enjoyable as it could be in the humidity. There were fans, lots of drinks available and air conditioning to indoor spaces. If you are travelling with younger children who are not used to the heat   I would suggest going at an alternate time throughout the year.The train access is smooth and the park is very tidy. Main Street is beautifully adorned and the castle is a true Disney gem.So yes! It is smaller. But big deal! If this is your Disney taste   then go for it! The other lands will still be there for your next trip! Enjoy!
I travel with wife and 1,5 yo kid. The place is huge, plenty of attractions, well you should know it, it's a Disneyland. To summarize, not many attraction you can do if you travel with toddler, when holiday the line can be long, I came in July so the weather is hot and humid, not comfortable in the outside long. Better if you travel around October through January when the weather is nice 20 degree Celcius. Take two day pass as it wasn't enough to experience all good stuffs in here.
My title says it all!!! I spent 2 days in Disneyland and I got to see all the parades, shows and ride the popular attractions. I did not however have enough time to take pictures with the different Disney characters... But my priorities were attractions!Hong Kong weather was unpredictable. It would rain on the afternoons and would be suuuuuper hot if it wasn't raining. Don't forget to rehydrate!!!
Disneyland Hong Kong is crowded all year long (which is to be expected). Had all the trappings of a typical Disneyland but warning not to wear open  toed shoes because in the mad rush (why rush?!) to enter the theatre for the lion king show, my foot got trampled on by the disgusting mob from a certain country across the border and my little toenail was ripped out (horrifying but true). Terrible start to my hk trip), love the park, hated the crowd.
Compared to the one in Orlando, this park is probably 1 10 the size. It had the most popular rides, and the spaceMountain version here was really cool. It only took us 5 hours to finish the entire park. The castle is tiny. The tram service was really easy and convenient.
If you have been to other Disneyland, keep your expectations low when visiting Disneyland Hong Kong.Featuring only a few attractions, smaller land area and water downed rides (uhmm yes... I'm talking about Mystic Manor). You can't help but compare this to other theme parks and Universal Studios SG offers more than this one.On the plus side, well there's no long queue here for the  It's a small world  attraction.
I'm not a Disney fan but I am a good boyfriend so it was with reservation I visited Hong Kong Disneyland. So for those in a similar predicament to me I can tell you it's not all bad. It's easy to reach via the MTR and compared to other theme parks the lines and entry isn't too bad. We managed to fit in about 5 or 6 rides in about 5 hours of a visit. The more popular rides expect a wait of up to 50 minutes or more. You can buy an express pass though and that allows you faster access to rides. The Disney classic rides were very popular but we found the old western area pretty quiet and the rollercoaster there up with the better rides in the park. All in all though one for kids and if you are not a mad Disney fan avoid or wait until you get to Anaheim.
Was a rainy day when we reached. At first it felt wet and cold. As soon as the sky started to clear, it became more enjoyable. Particularly enjoyed the roller coaster ride that are near the manmade geysers. It didn't seem exciting at first until it suddenly moved backwards at top speed and then dash forward. It really set the adrenaline pumping. As it was towards the end of the day where the queues are dwindling, we had the opportunity to have a second ride.The Mystic Manor is another surprise. A combination of special effects combined with ride, I must say is one of the better rides I had taken in recent years. Satisfaction is comparable to the Harry Porter ride that I had tried in Islands of Adventure in Orlando. A good way to spend a day with the little ones. Though I felt the staff there doesn't give the feeling of happiness as much as I get in other Disneyland that I had been.
A great experience and a joy for the kids. We went on a weekday outside School holidays so the crowds were not huge. There were lineups for some rides, but we found if we moved on to rides with no line it worked pretty well.We covered most of the rides in a single day, and did not miss much.Disneyland is for the kids, just keep in mind that they are having a great time, look at the smile on their faces, and don't worry about the prices of the heat, or the rain.Keep a positive outlook and remember this is DISNEYLAND.....
Very average. Way to busy, people are pushy, it's over crowded and just really unenjoyable. I strongly suggest you give this a miss and go to ocean park instead.
Had decided to visit the place to celebrate my birthday and since I was having my annual leave. It was a great experience, staff were very accommodating, you could see the happiness from the staff welcoming the guests upon arriving and before alighting from the train. Highly recommended.
It is Disney and it is magical and I don't mind queuing for rides...However, queuing in the heat for more than an hour for the storybook show which is only 28 minutes long is too much. The Space Mountain ride is still amazingly good, the Grisley Grouch is a brilliant ride and Toy Story Land fun.We are Magic Access Members and hope queuing for popular shows at busy times might be alleviated by more shows.I do love Disney though and Dinner at Enchanted Garden is fab now that there is Tigger.
Its a great experience in Disneyland by riding a boat, train and others...  The Fantasy parade is a must see in this area
If you've been to the Disneyland in Orlando, do not expect anything close to that at the one in Hong Kong. Rides are just about ok. Not worth the money.
HK Disneyland was very good, but the only problem was the weather as it me and my sister went in the late morning afternoon time so it was very sunny. Therefore, walking around in the sun and the humid weather was very difficult so we kept walking into the shops because the air conditioning was lovely haha. As a result of the weather, I would have went later on in the day around 3 or later because the firework and light display wasn't on till 9, which was the main reason we went to Disneyland. However, the rides, activities and shows there would be perfect for families with young children. However, I think that Hong Kong is not much of a holiday for families with very young children as it is very busy and the streets are quite narrow. The most efficient way to get around HK is by the MTR train stations which is basically like a metro station, which is always busy and would be difficult for young children. Therefore, i would recommend staying in the disneyland hotel or staying in a hotel that is close to attractions that are easily accessible for children. The heat and humidity may also make it difficult for children to walk around for a long time which could become a problem
What can I say, Disneyland, the magical world. Entered when it opened and left when it closed, even after spending 12 hours in the park,We didn't get to see all of the attractions. Still we had fun and I'm already planning to come again. To maximise the number of attraction you can visit, take the left turn into Adventureland after main street and finish off Grizzly and Mystic Manor early as most of the crowd rushes to Disney Castle or Tomorrowland.To maximise the parade, sit at the roundabout at the end of main street, directly facing the castle. Mickey's parade stops right I'm front of you and performs. Your children may get chance to participate in the dance. We did Disneyland as our last activity in Hong Kong to make sure the we went back home with the best memories.
Its a nice place to spend the day and lovely for kids. The rides and shows are good but not extraordinary, the overall resort is smaller than the other Disneylands in the world. The best attractions are the parades at 3 PM, 8 PM and the fireworks at the end. :)
The once place which you cant miss. All your loved characters from Diseny come alive. Be it be Toy Story Wodd or Buzz Light year or Mickey Mouse or Donald Duck. Elena, Cindrella, you name it and they are there. And also Tarzan. The Parade and the evening Light show is a must dont ever miss it. Then there are rides like Grizzly Bear worth going it.
A tiny park in comparison. And everyone breaks the rules!No selfie sticks? use your selfie stick.No queue jumping? Push to where you want?Be courtious of other guests? Beware unruly umbrellas!No spitting in the park? Don't even go there....A half day park at best. Poor merchandise selection. Poor dining.
Thank you Disneyland , you have given me the chance to become little KID again, its really worthy to pay only HK$350
This is my second time to be there after about 10 years. Though Hong Kong Disneyland is still relatively small, there are new and more attractions in there. As a teenagers, the attractions are more fun to play and it is not as boring as it used to be. Particularly, for Toy Story Land, those rides are great and fun. I like them the most. Also, they have drawing classes in Disneyland now. The classroom is near to entrance. Only cost 5 mins or less, then you can learn drawing a cute Disney cartoon character. Great and fun.
The rides were okay but almost all the staff we met were unfriendly and sometimes unhelpful. Be prepared to pay a lot for food and drinks which could be a surprise for big families.
A very professional world class production.  The Lion King Theatre was outstanding.  We did it in a day   be there when it opens and stay until you cant walk another step.
The best days to go is weekdays. Not that many people so you won't stay in line for a ride too long. If you are traveling with young kids, bring a stroller and umbrella. It is open space, little shade and gets very hot. Also grab water and food for your little ones, there is only KFC around and some Chinese restaurants with overpriced food. At least you can have KFC, but kids can eat something better. (At the entrance gate mention that the food is for kids). If you are interested in a show (you can find out the time from the brochure) better be at the spot 30 min before it starts. People will gather at the main road where the show passes and if you are late , won't see anything. Also better to pass through all the picture stations first and take pictures with all Disney characters before lunch as they all leave for a show and have a long break after. Then when you done that you can go explore the rides. Overall it's a nice place.
My first visit of HK Disney was in 2009 and came back on 14 May 2012. It was always the highlight of our HK tour. The first visit was okay because we did not explore much about the park. Then, the second visit was great because I brought my nephew with me and I saw the excitement in his eyes and he enjoyed it very much. I think he most enjoyed the 3D show because that was his first time to wear a 3D glasses.
For females, if you plan to go on rides, wear shorts or trousers. The lock in mechanisms on some rides go between the legs and skirts would be embarrassing. Overall, Disneyland was well organised and everyone very polite when queuing. But you do have to be prepared to queue and it was very hot when we were there in July. Take an umbrella to use as a sunshade and for sudden showers.
Really has nothing much to see, play or even dine. After visiting tokyo Disneyland and universal studio, this is totally not worth my family's time
really recommended you to go here, you can play full day here, and buy souvenirs.a lots of playground. very suitable for family holiday. you can play with your kids, dont forger to enjoy the roller coaster and maybe you must buy the disneyland t shirt hehehe
Better than expected. However it was too crowded during summer especially with so many tourists from mainland china. They make the Disney no much western taste but more clumsy garden park.
Jungle Book show is fun, I saw all kids love itRoller Coasters are amazing, me and my wife really enjoy our time hereFire Works are beautiful however some kids might get too tired to wait until night so if you're here with young children remember to let them rest don't play for whole day and sure they can't wait until 8pmNote that all rides will have 10 30mins waiting. The parade was fun to wait and it is really beautiful.You can find a lot of fast foods restaurant here, but they are all crowded sometime very hard to get a seat if you have large group
During my first visit to Hong Kong Disneyland, I was slightly disappointed. Some of the rides that I were looking forward to riding, such as Space Mountain, were closed for checks for the summer. The rides that were open were just fine. The park was also quite empty when I visited, which shocked me. One of the ride attendants was also rude. Overall, it was a good experience and I would return.
This place is great to see but dont do it when it is school holidays and school break. The lines are too long and wait times are ridiculous! The fast track ticket is no use unless u get there as soon as the gate opens and book every ride!They need to have times when they will b having character interactions intead of just springing up as people miss these opportunities.
Visit early when the park opens and get to the popular rides first. We managed 2 3 goes on each ride. It's smaller than other Disneys but easy to get around and perfect for my kids (9 & 11). We left after the parade at 3, went back to the Disney hotel for a few hours then went back for the light show at 8pm and fireworks at 9   both are amazing and highly recommended!
Me and my girlfriend had a good day, but we're just big kids at heart. Has some differences to Anaheim Disneyland, wouldn't really recommend to older couples or people who aren't fans of Disney. For people who are big fans it's definitely worth a day trip.
It's like me being a kid again. Also, 1 day is not enough to see all the attractions and rides. I especially loved the fireworks at the end of the day. There were a lot of people but don't let them stop you from having fun. Blogged about it at katmeifucan.
My self and my betterhalf along with friends, visited Disney Land on 8th July,2016. It is as good as any other Disney lands around the world. It has many attractions for elders and kids, also has different varieies restaurants, even indisn veg meals are available. This is a must visit for every traveller to Hong Kong. I feel One day is not sufficient to cover this entire attraction. They have also provided free busses to the city.
 Here you leave today and enter the world of yesterday, tomorrow & fantasy  is apt for this place. The weather was nice. Teenage children had fun on the rides. Little ones were excited to be clicked with The legendary Mickey & Minnie mouse. The night parade was nice. The fireworks at the end if the day was amazing. Must visit if you r in Hong Kong.
The first Disneyland in our life so we had no benchmarked expectations for comparison. Being Disney fan we loved the place. Highlights was the lion king show. There are some rides which could be only good for kids but if you are Disney fan u would enjoy none the less.
Meet ups with my fave cartoon characters...photos around the overwhelming views inside...you won't stop saying  wow amazing
Hong Kong Disneyland is 10 years old   but maintains that Disney timelessness about it. Although smaller than other Disney parks, it loses none of its magic and ability to entertain kids of all ages.You know you are in for a treat when the train arrives complete with Mickey shaped windows, Disney character sculptures inside each carriage, and the friendly welcome messages. Once through the familiar ticket booths, you are met by the regular sights of Main Street. Crowds were light when we visited   and a few of the Main Street shops were not open (not sure if they ever do open). There is a lot of covered areas due to the heat of summer, and plenty of places to sit and recharge before the visiting the next attraction.Some familiar rides, and some new ones   space obviously dictates what can be replicated. Sleeping Beauty's castle, Its a Small World, the tea cups, River Cruise were all great.And of course the parades and shows were excellentOverall a fun day   worth visiting another Disneyland
We all grow up with Disney experience, the experience and magic is really felt when you are in Disney. It was our first visit to any Disneyland, so experience can be overrated.ProsJungle Book show is very goodRoller Coasters are goodFire Works are very goodFood   we tried Indian vegeterian was tasty and good quantitymore professionally manged then Ocean parkTipsDo book via klook, its at discounted price and save you from huge lines
Together with the whole family including the children really like giving ourselves a big happy gift. Love the fact that they have free wifi in many spots along the vast area! Love the places to sit.. to eat... to just relax and wait for the teenagers to do their 'scary' attractions :)
This particular Disneyland is a smaller version of the Anaheim California   There were however long lines of people waiting for all of the rides. The heat at this time of the year is unbearable. Two to maximum three hours is all that is bearable
It doesn't compare to the huge parks in the US but it's easy to get to, fun, lots of characters, enjoyable day out, worth a visit! Not too crowded and queues for rides weren't long
we have only visited the paris disneyland. compared to that we felt our kids aged 7 and 5 had more options in Hong Kong. easily connected via MTR, a day may not seem enough to spend out here. we went when there was a big line of tourists and hence ended up spending more time waiting in queues for getting into rides. the fireworks in the night over cinderella's castle is a must watch. the 10 minute splendour called  Disney in the Stars  should not be missed
it is not as big as other disneyland but is very nice to visit, the entrance fee is 270 hkd and it includes all the rides, for the attractions for children there is a very big queue all the time i will advice you to use the machines that gives you like an appoint so you don't waste to much time doing so many lines, so you get you set time to go to the ride and you can enjoy the others while you wait instead of being on line in the heat (if is summer).
An entire day of magical fun for Disney lovers. 1) do not miss the light up at night and the fireworks at closing!2) the light parade (paint the night) was spectacular. If you get a chance, do go there!3) food was not good and very expensive. Be prepared to pay for it, or pack. This cost the review one star.4) not many fast passes, please plan your day carefully!5) make time for the shows, they are worth it. I went for festival of the lion king, it was great.
Very nice outing for full family. Best part about the park is the parade which is held every day before the park shuts. It is something no one should miss. All the characters in disney parade with their attires and lighting. A must visit
On a recent trip to Hong Kong we decided to spend the afternoon here. We arrived at 4:30pm and entered the park just as the school groups were leaving for the day. The park was not busy at all. A 3 out of 10 at best. The wait times for Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars, Mystic Manor, Hyperspace Mountain and Buzzlightyear were all less than 15 minutes long. The crowds came out for the Disney Paint the Night Parade. It was especially busy by the Plaza Inn, but we moved down to Main Street and found less crowds and a better view of the floats.We made the mistake of purchasing a chicken and pineapple pizza and hot dogs from the Main Street Corner Cafe. They had obviously been sitting under the warming lights for too long and were served as is   which was slightly warmer than room temperature. They were both inedible. We opted for some caramel corn instead   not particularly healthy, but delicious!For those interested in 10th anniversary pins, they are located behind the cash in the Emporium. The lines became very long after the parade and I was surprised that no additional registers were opened at this time. Shoppers would be wise to plan ahead and make their purchases prior to the parade.All in all, Disney fans will enjoy their time at this park. We found Mystic Manor especially charming and loved th creativity of Toy Story Land.
We went there end of June '16 and it was really hot summer in Hongkong. Prepare for sunscreen cream, sunglass, umbrella, handy fan before going to the park in summer. I would think you will need 2 days to explore the entire park. If only visiting for one day be sure to plan your time wisely so you can get the most of attraction, especially those outdoor parade shows and some indoor shows and be there at least 15mins earlier to beat the queue. If you want to take dinner inside the park, best to have it before the night parade begins otherwise you will be struggling to get the seat in restaurant or worst no more meal left. We were having fun and fireworks show at night 8.45PM definitely a show that you wouldn't want to miss out to end your journey in Disneyland.
Typical Disney  a theme park that could not disappoint. It has sufficient facilities for the young and the young at heart, and rides for the brave and daring. It is a three language park   Cantonese, Putonghua and English. The Park is very close to the town centre, only about 30 minutes from town centre by rail. It is usually described as a relatively small park, but to be fair, it would still take (at least) two days to cover the place. After all, you would not spend the whole day (from 10 am to 9 pm) playing. You need to spend time to lunch, to dine and above all, to queue. By the way, the fireworks at 9.00 pm is awesome. The above said, probably because of the competition from the recently open Shanghai Disneyland, the place, compared with previous years, was obviously less crowded. The average queuing time was only about 20 minutes. The food and drinks are, be aware, very pricey.
We were disappointed in our visit here. With children over 11 being Adult prices it was an expesive day.....particularly the food and drink prices. We were there during extreme heat so didn't get to see everything because it was just too hot. Waiting in ques for rides was so hot   no relief from the heat. (Unlike the Gold Coast theme parks in Australia where there is water mist and fans to cool you) Our 13 and 15 year olds were simply too old for this place and we would have been better off sightseeing elsewhere and saving ourselves a stack of $.
We bought the tickets from a local travel agency as it's slightly cheaper than buying the tickets on the spot or online. My husband did some homework before visiting HK Disneyland by charting down which rides or shows which we would like to see and experience. Hence, we didn't missed anyone of them. We would recommend you not to miss the Mystic Manor, Mickey and the Wondrous Book, Mickey's PhilharMagic and Hyperspace Mountain. Be careful when entering the park at 1030am as we experienced some hysterical kids running in to the park and a kid almost made my husband's camera fell to the ground. Another foreign visitor told me that the kids accidentally scratched her arms when they were running frantically into the park once it's opened.The firework display at 9pm was spectacular! Not to be missed. But do prepare that it's gonna be a big crowd going back together at the same time after the firework display.
We've been living in Hong Kong for 9 years, and finally decided to venture to Disneyland whilst family were in HK visiting. We pre booked and pre paid for tickets for a specific day; that day the weather was awful with thunder, lightening, etc. We decided not to waste the money paid and braved the heavy rain.It was the best decision because a normally crowded attraction wasn't crowded, and given all rides were closed, we watched The Lion King show, which was absolutely brilliant, and got our monies worth just from that one show!After the show, the rain subsided, and rides gradually opened. We had a fantastic day.Most of it is outdoors, therefore hot days or heavy rain days probably aren't so enjoyable, unless striking it lucky like us. But the stage shows are brilliant, and the shows alone will make the trip enjoyable (the shows are indoors).There are plenty of choices to eat, or you can take your own food and drink. We will definitely visit again.
Nothing special if u had earlier visited another Disney. But for children good place to enjoy. Lot to walk. Pick discount coupons near inside entrance to avail discount on soft drinks etc. lol for them n ask for coupons . Jungle ride good. Tarzan good for kids. Don't leave ur belongings. Careful. Carry water enough   2 bottles per head.
It was pouring and they only had 10 indoor rides open! Still have to pay full entry and if the weather got worse they coukd close the park and no refunds or passes given! We opted not to risk the $500 entry fee for just the few low thrill rides on offer.
Usual Disneyland affair but disappointing as it is a lot smaller than other Disney affairs e.g. Florida. This makes the experience much less real as you can see the mountains etc   so you know you are not in DL but actually in a theme park in Hong Kong.At least the tube station was fun with Mickey Mouse themes throughout.I wouldn't recommend it but if you are a Disney fan then it might be worth a visit just to say  I've been
My Daughter had been wanting to go to Disneyland for quite some time so this year we decided to celebrate her birthday at Disneyland. We went in the month of June and it was Super hot. We were literally burning. It's all in the open, there are no shaded areas. Thus we were so tired in just 2 3 hours. Could not really enjoy anything. Except for the princess show which was in the auditorium, I didn't really like anything over there. It's not worth the price we have to pay. My kids also didn't really enjoy much.
Must Go and visit...would recommend to allocate 2 days to complete all the attractions. very well maintained. must stay back in the evening for the parade & the fireworks show.
If you're a Disney fan, no doubt you would love visiting this place. SItuated at Lantau island, it is easily accessible by MTR Sunnybay and you can even buy tickets in some of the MTR stations (like in Central station). It's a highly recommended all day event. Never miss the Lion King show because it's one of the best shows in Disneyland HK. Also, don't miss the fireworks display held every 9pm!
I've been to a few Disney attractions in my day including Tokyo Disney. Compared to other Disney place it's OK but not amazing. It wasn't as busy as Tokyo Disney (I went on a Thursday in July, would probably be busier on a weekend) so I got to go on all the major rides I wanted, first thing in the morning and returning about 7:30 for the night parade and a last few rides. Yes you have to be careful with the timing, it's busiest in the afternoon. If you go when it first opens (10am for 'main street' shopping, 10:30 for the first rides) most of the minor rides have little or no lines. Use the fastpass for Space Mountain or Pooh.If you go in summer, the heat is PUNISHING. There is nowhere to sit and rest in the air conditioning   you're either sitting in the heat (even in the shade it's hot), or standing in the air conditioning (e.g. shopping or once the lines get inside the buildings). There is some indoor dining but of course they're the expensive restaurants. The indoor shows were about the only chance to rest, sitting, inside. So anyway come prepared for the heat   plenty of water, loose clothing, sunscreen, many people use umbrellas for shade. BIGGEST TIP for the heat: buy one of those small handheld electric fans you can pick up at the touristy areas BEFORE going to Disneyland. Inside you can only buy a huge, heavy, expensive Disney fan.All that being said, I still had a good time. I'm glad I went to my hotel for a rest in the afternoon (get your hand stamped and save your ticket to return), then came back for the evening parade and a little bit of fireworks (left before it ended to avoid the crowd going home), even managed to sneak in two more rides right at the end (although many rides close early).Highlight for me was getting a photo with Chewbacca! Yes you have to queue to get a photo but it was worth it. I love roller coasters so my favourite hands down was Space Mountain (Star Wars themed) and the runaway mine car was also super fun.
Hong Kong Disneyland doesn't disappoint and in keeping with the Disney theme park. The lion king production is not one to be missed. Toy Story is fun too!!!
We are fortunate to have been to a few Disney parks, some numerous times. We were aware that HK Disney is often seen as a 2nd rate alternative to the other Disneylands but we went anyway as my dd says  it's still Disneyland . We are all glad we did   we had a great Disney experience that while familiar was different to the other parks (as it should be)We planned our visit carefully using Klook to buy our tickets, avoid the line and save some $. Was easy   they scanned my phone for entry. We also picked the day and time to try to avoid some of the crowds. We arrived on a Tuesday just before opening time. We approached fFantasyland from Main Street just as the park opened. Straight to Winnie the Pooh to beat the crowds. Next we went straight to Space Mountain which worked really well with the Star Wars theme. Short wait (15 minutes) . These are the only rides with Fast Pass so we grabbed one for SM and got something to eat. It was hot and humid so we decided to focus on larger rides (inside) and those that were new to us (toy story land) rather than exposed ones like Dumbo. This probably won't work if you have little kids but it worked for us.The other thing that helped was not waiting to see characters   again this probably won't work if you have younger ones but it did help us minimise time in lines in the heat.We loved RC Racers in Toy Story Land and the Mystic Manor. The LionKing Show was enjoyable and had enough Disney flare. We noticed the Disney characters in its a small world and agree with those that have said they aren't necessary and actually take something away from the ride.The crowds arrived after lunch but were still smaller than I originally feared. The food was good   a nice mix of Asian and western choices. A fun, family day out full of familiar and new things. A shorter day than in CA or FL but that is ok.
I mean, it's Disneyland! Haven't been to any of the other Disneys, I've heard this one is a little smaller than others. But I have nothing to complain about (except I'd love to find a beer within the park...). Everything is done with the care and attention to detail that Disney is famous for. It is not cheap, but comparative to Universal in Singapore, it's not expensive either. A range of activities for the tiny ones, to those just young of heart. Space mountain is a must for the older ones.
We had a lot of fun at this park. It was clean, efficient and the normal Disney professionals running an amusement park. However, it seemed to be a little watered down. The rides were ok but this park seemed to be missing a pinnacle ride or attraction.
this amusement park is highly recommended to all ages. a day is not enough to enjoy all the rides and amenities. love to go back again.
It's Disneyland right so it should be fun! Well it's not that they don't know what their doing its just not quite happening here but things will change soon. For the high price of admission, the park isn't up to standards meaning it's small compared to the others. Combined with overcrowding, long lines for the kids rides and lack of shade in the sweltering heat here equals no fun and probably the main reason they are losing money. Charging the same entrance fee as other Disneylands double the size with twice as much to do also makes no sense. Looks like lots of construction is going on so hopefully in a few years I'll be back to see what has improved.
if you're heavily into shopping for Disney merchandise, then this is the place for you, otherwise it really isn't a big deal. always imagined Disney land to be really magical, but apart from a couple of rides, it wasn't at all special. lots of long queues in the horrible heat and humidity to do anything, including say hello to the characters. they don't walk around the crowds, they just stand somewhere while people queue up to have photos with them. the fireworks were really so low that they could only be seen from one place in the whole park which felt like they encouraged over crowding. even the parades generate stampeding crowds. wouldn't go there again, definitely not worth the money
I visited Hong Kong Disneyland with my girlfriend from Thailand even tho the day we came it was tipping down with rain it didn't put us off going. Glad we went very busy and quite expensive but it was worth it. It was a kids dream being there!
we were there as 5 kids and 4 adults and entering there we were told we can use our ticket to only one ride for priority and later found it they only have winne the pooh show seperate priority lines that too has limited time entry and a wait time of 1 hour in priority.. by the time we had reached there that line too was closed for the day..in all we cud only do two attractions such was the waiting time..ocean park is much better as we atleast spend time to enjoy rides...felt like cheated
oh its the greatest disneyland i've ever visited. there are various types of games which is fun for all ages and when i watch 3D it felt so real you should visit this place
Awesome day for the kids and us I guess. Just like Disneyland in LA but a little smaller. Awesome Star Wars stuff and the new Hyperspace Mountain was fantastic!!! Easy to get to on the train. Food is a little on the pricey side but not too bad.
Hong Kong Disney Land if you have never been to another is fantastic! If you have been in America you will most likely be very disappointed as it is small and hot.For kids upto 15 it can be fun as they relive the adventures of Mickey and Minne, ride and sing It's a Small World Afterall and enjoy hanging out together. I seriously advise checking the weather forecast for the evening as we waited in the best spot  in front of the castle and circular garden  for the night parade for 2 hours only to be told it was cancelled, then they did not move the time of the fireworks earlier, so rather than wait for a total of 5 hours we left at 2000. So check with staff that it going ahead or be prepared to miss it. I really recommend visiting the animation studio where they teach you to draw Disney Characters really easily in air conditioned comfort. Please note the train does not do a full circle tour, even though it announces that it does you have to get off and then line up again at halfway, disappointing when you just want to rest and have a breeze!!
A heads up for anyone who buy the ticket online or using any platform with credit card, you have to bring the credit card along with you. If you dont bring the credit card, the staff wouldnt issued your tickets but, well, the ticket is available for several months (6 months if i'm not mistaken) so you might come in the future with the credit card. But overall Disneyland is beyond amazing and well managed. No matter how old are you, everybody deserves one Disneyland trip in their life :)
For those who have been to LA or Florida, one day here will be enough. It is a real Disney   clean, friendly staff, regular favourite rides   but be ready to experience the stifling humidity. Try and ensure you have the option of the swim available at then end of the day; also be warned that inclement weather caused the cancellation of the night parade both nights we were there
This place is truely magical, we were staying in a hotel at hung hom and cause the metro to Disneyland was a very fast and comfortable trip the train from sunnybay it's especially for people travelling to Disneyland it's truely magical, the place itself is just wow loved it we went for two days and brought our tickets discounts from klook app highly recommend. The food inside is very well priced a meal costing $100hk and that's for fish and chips or rice and steak. We went the whole day and hired a children pram for my son as he got tried from walking it's $100hk with $200hk deposit we found a good deal.The stores inside have amazing merchandise so make sure you take a lot of money the rides are for every age group and the 3D shows are breathing taking. We loved the parade including the night light show and to top it all off the fire works were fantastic. If you want a photo with a certain character I would suggest you check with information as to the times they are on so you get there early as they cut the line when it's too full. We went on a hot day so water is a must and we purchased a portable fan (best investment).
Even though it was in Hong Kong it was definitely the genuine Disneyland feeling. Big beautiful and dreamy. Everywhere we went the service was wonderful. Having all kids under 5 we planned our way only aiming to go where the kids were big enough to ride. If you want to avoid crowds try doing it backwards so go against the traffic ie instead of going left go right. Also bring snacks and drinks which you might have to hide in your bag. The parade happens every Night so it's a good idea to check times and go maybe 20'mins before it starts so you get a good view as the good spots get crowded very quickly. Getting there and going home is very easy. They have a good organised transport system whether you choose mrt or taxi. If you can't afford staying at the hotel it's very easy to go there
If your family have a few days to travel Asia, I would recommend going to Disneyland Hong Kong where is perfect for visiting with young kids. Our son and daughter have meet the fairies characters they have watched before on TV and my daughter said    wow, awesome    and my son said too    That really is truly amazing   .You should spend full days to see all because there will be Parade of Dreams' lead float at 03.00 pm and Fireworks at Disneyland Park at 08.00pm. We think that there are 2 best scences of Disneyland HongKong.Take your backpack and go with your loves!
Great day out and easy to get to via public transport, we spent all day here and even waited for the closing fire works display at 8.45. We were a family of 11 with 3 kids included and everyone from young to old had a fab day, we were all exhausted after the fun day and were only fit for bed that night. Plenty of places to eat & drink in the park an many great attractions for young and old. Really a great and enjoyable day out
Tour Guide to Hong Kong   No Need to take Pakage Tour   .Hope this write up will help you if u r planning to go to hong kong.First thing is we don   t need    Visa    to enter here as tourist(for 14 days)As a tourist to check out this place in leisure we need just 4 to 5 days.Travel by Metro Train   they are cheaper and faster than taxies.Buy tickets daily no need to buy octopus pass.Day1: The day u land check in hotel(best one is Holiday Inn golden mile at tsim sha tsui) Suited for Indians as it near metro and Indian restaurants (sangeetha, samrath, sarvana bhavan etc at 2 to 5 min. walking distance).Keep the day at leisure walk around or go for star ferry. Take good rest and get energized for the Disneyland Tour.Day 2 and 3 : Disneyland:Remember to buy tickets Online to avoid a long queue. Fastest route to reach disneyland    is to walk to    east tsim sha tsui     take metro to Nam cheong , change to orange line(tung chung) get down at sunny bay then travel by disneyland train.When u enter disneyland..pick up the map    Don   t MissssAdventure world: 1)jungle river cruise, 2) rafts to tarzan   s treehouse, 3)Mine cars, 4)Mystic Manor, 5) festival of lion king(check show timings).Fantasyland: 1)fantasy gardens, 2)it   s a small world, 3)Mikey   s phillar magic, 4)Mickey & wonderous book (check the show timings)Tomorrow world: Buzz astro blasters.Dont miss: Disney paint the night(parade) and fireworks. Day 4: Ngong Ping 360    to reach here ..travel by metro to tung chung exit B. Buy tickets online.Must go to the ride and see Buddha statue and monastery   need 5 to 6 hours.Day5: Ocean Park: metro to admiralty then bus(629). There is a big aquarium and dry rides like essel world, 20min dolphin show. Need 1 whole day 10am to 6pm for this event. Remember:CAN miss victoria peak and ocean park. Don   t miss Disneyland and Ngong Ping 360. Do take Sunscreen, umbrella and perfume. Avoid going during peak season and weekends will have to face long queues. Buy all the tickets ONLINE. June  July is good time to visit Hong kong.
It's very convenient to catch MRT from Tsim Sha Tsui area, just few stop to change train. The last train just to go to Disneyland is amazing. Sofa type chair, Disney statues and pictures everywhere, I feel like a small little kid gets exciting to visit Disneyland. Love all the rides and games, food and drinks stalls are easy to get everywhere. Queuing is long at certain favourite play especially when high season. Clean and big area. Nice if its not raining, just get ready with umbrella that you can buy in the shop. Had lovely day here and shop a lot, too many interesting stuff. HongKong Disneyland is less big than LA Disneyland but it is still exciting too. The ticket is available online and at entrance whether one time visit or seasonal which is cheaper then one visit. Very recommended place to visit in HongKong!
The disneyland hotel we stayed in was very magical in my kids' perspective. From the story time pyjamas night in the hotel's kids club to the fantastic range of activities in the park itself, my kids were dying to come back to this magical place every time we come to Hong Kong. Although it can get slightly packed in the park, the hotel is very calming and fun for all kids
Visited the park with my family and found that it was not value for money, staff friendliness was very poor, communication in English was a challenge, not enough English maps, choice of food and beverage was poor and not all accepted credit cards and it was quite small compared to any other Disneyland Park anywhere in the world. Good attractions included Big Grizzly Runaway Mine cars, Jungle River Cruise, Many Adventures of Winnie The Pooh, Mickeys PhilharMagic and Hyperspace Mountain. There was a mid afternoon parade which was poorly advertised. Lots of shops. I would not go to this attraction if you have visited the ones in Orlando and Los Angeles. Rather visit other attractions in Hong Kong.
quite fun as always but its really too many people,the weather was too hot when i visit in august,remember to bring extra clothes to change as you will get wet when playing.
one day is not enough to visit this place as it was crowded with so many main land Chinese tourists.we have waited for 1 hour and more for most the rides.Shopping in souvenir shops was expensive.for lunch we have waited for one hour in long ques with minimal food menus.Overall good place to visit,especially do not miss 4d show of mickey mouse.
The park is small but has great theming, rides and options. The meals and food was excellent. The shopping was superb and ok price. Shame space mountain was closed but look forward to riding on my next visit.
We were in Hong Kong Disneyland for four consecutive days. My niece was happy because it was her first time to go there. On the first day, it wasn't so great because one of the staff who stays alongside Chip and Dale shouted at my 9 year old niece, who burst into tears when we were on our way to City Hall (guest relations & information) to report the incident. After reporting the incident, the staff told us that they would immediately investigate and take action. They gave my niece some small tokens and fast passes to some rides. When the day is halfway done, my niece felt happier. Overall, there were no more bad incidents for the rest of our visit and most of the staff were nice and friendly. We were able to enjoy most of the rides because it was raining for two consecutive days in the afternoons and people were hiding inside the stores (rain doesn't bother us much).
Limited rides and long queues but Shows were amazing and food is reasonably priced would be an awesome day out with children
Kids enjoy a lot here, There were huge queues on all the rides, its just not possible to do all the rides. Staff is nice and friendly. Indian food is also available in a restaurant inside the park
This is probably the smallest of all the Disney Parks. Not that I have done them all, my tally is only 4 so far. Hong Kong, Paris, LA and Orlando.Had I not known it had been there for a decade I'd have sworn it was just opened and would eventually become much bigger.None of this was helped by most of Tomorrowland being closed off to allow for the Star Wars experience.The Disney Railroad was a train around the park and nothing else.The Castle felt tiny.Having been to all the western parks I was quite surprised by HK Disney's take on Big Thunder Mountain which is by far the best of any version in any western park. The Haunted Mansion alternative was also quite unique and though very clever I struggled to see a particular Disney connection, perhaps it will grown on me.A Small World is just better here, far more Disneyfied with recognisable characters from the movies.Do see the Lion King show, it is worth it for sure.In all, it's an OK park but can probably be done in half a day, a day tops unless it was particularly quiet when we were there because there really were no queues for anything.The train in is a lovely novelty, go that way if you can. The whole rail network is so easy to navigate there is nothing to be afraid of.
This isn't a big Disney Magic Kingdom but still worth going to   we spent 1.5 days there. It was relatively quiet so queues were short and didn't have to deal with lots of crowds
Ahhh...to feel like a kid again. Definite visit when in Hong Kong. Everything there is classic Disney.
Most enjoyed place during my holiday in HK. Kids and adults alike. It's best to stay 1 night as 1 day is not enough to explore the whole Disneyland. Go for the shows 1st then ask the staff the time for characters photo taking.All staff has stickers which kids would love if you ask politely. Do not bring food as it's not allowed The guards will check your bags. Water tumbler is ok. There are water refill stations every where. Bring an umbrella or wear a cap as it's very hot. The night fireworks is magical. Enjoy your magical day in the happiest place on earth
Went with my mum and aunties and overall experience was good. Really enjoyed the 4D Disney movie and the show performances there so much with dancing and singing. Make sure you check on the timetable of each of the show so that you wouldn't miss it.
We had a great visit to HK Disney. The park is quite a bit smaller than the one in LA, however still a lot of fun to do. A couple of the rides are different and faster. We got there for the opening of the park but because of the heat could not hold out till the fireworks that night. If it is not busy it would be worthwhile getting there around lunch time and staying for the fireworks. Getting the MRT there is a piece of cake!
My friends and I (nine of us in total) decided to visit Disneyland during our Easter break. We booked tickets beforehand, from a website that sold it cheaper, plus the meal voucher that included one meal from any restaurant in the theme park. Originally, we had been informed by a misleading website that the $100 meal voucher included both lunch and dinner, plus a snack from the vending carts (which was an extremely good deal, which was why we got the voucher in the first place). But when we got there, we were told that the $100 voucher only included one meal of your choice which was very disappointing and overly priced. I ate a bowl of Japanese styled noodles and had a drink, which were both fortunately quite delicious.As teens, we did not spend time taking photos with Mickey or any of the Disney characters. Instead, we immediately jumped into playing some of the games, including Space Mountain (my personal favorite, although it made me a little dizzy); a game called Grizzly something, I forgot (it was a very creative roller coaster, it even went backwards!); a target hitting game (we sat in moving carts and aimed at targets with a plastic gun); and a ghost house (we sat in moving carts and was guided through a haunted house with scary objects popping out at us). We loved Space Mountain and the Grizzly game, which we played more than five times each. There were many many other games that are more suitable for younger children, but since we only enjoyed more exciting   stimulating games, we didnt bother with the other games that were intended for younger children.As we had got to Disneyland quite early (right after it opened), there wasn't that much people at first and we were able to get to most of the games we wanted to play without having to line up. However, after lunch time, the lines grew increasingly longer and we started having to wait more than half a hour for each game. We left after one last ride of Space Mountain, at around 7 or 8. We had heard that the fireworks were worth watching, but since one of my friends was expected to return home at a certain time, we didnt stay to watch the fireworks.Luckily the weather was quite nice the entire day and we enjoyed all of the games we played. If you enjoy more exciting rides (roller coasters etc.), I would suggest you go to Ocean Park instead of Disneyland. Ocean park has much more rides that are more fun to go on (if you're older than 12 and not afraid of heights). From what I experienced, I would say that Disneyland is intended for younger children. anyone from under 11 years old would experience the most fun here.Have fun :)
Spent 2 days with family and for me still not enough time to explore the whole park. Been here twice and couple of times in Disney world and still it never ceases to amaze me, always brings a smile to my face and brings out the child in me. It is indeed the happiest place on earth wherever Disney location you go. I'll visit Disney Shanghai next time.
This is my 2nd time to visit hongkong disneyland and the joy you will feel inside is different... You will see only the people, the children are smiling.. No negative energy at all.. It will bring out the child within you.. And as for the children.. that smile on their faces is priceless...
The princes were lovely and friendly to kids, the parade is amazing. Must visit if you go to Hong kong with kids!
Great place to visit. One full day is enough to enjoy. should not miss the night fireworks.  you may visit the shows when it rains.
The display of Shops and castle are very much like Orlando and Paris one, a bit small but we also can't finish walking and taking the rides. June is a super hot month in Hong Kong, wear something airism clothes as the weather can really kills. The best chill place is creaky the toilets, super strong aircon in there.Strollers can be rent there for kids, you don't need to bring along yours. Food and restaurant are everywhere, be sure to drink lots of water. Rides are fun but hold on to your kids and belongings at all times.Lots of tourists from China In Hk Disneyland. Children are dressed nicely like princess:) at night wait for the parade in front of castle and follow by fireworks. Make sure you ate before seeing all these.
We signed up 'Three Magical Days' Disney Getaway Deluxe Package and stayed two nights at Disney Hollywood Hotel. The sea view room was decorated in Star Wars theme which we got a huge BB 8 plush toy. Kids got really excited when they saw it sitting in the middle of our bed. They willingly carry it home themselves, if not , luggage space to fit it in would have a big issue. We too got 8 pieces of lovely Star War themed cookies as well as slippers in the room upon arrival. The high summer temperatures really exhausted everyone. By 3pm,two preschooler kids got grumpy and luckily we got to recharge everyone energy with a short nap in hotel. The Disney's Paint The Night' parade at 8pm is really a not to be missed great LED light parade.Park meal coupons were good as the food in Disneyland is expensive. A HK style milk tea cost HKD16 on the street. It costs HKD23 in the famous TsuiWah restaurant chain but it costs HKD30 in Disneyland.During our visit, unfortunately, three restaurants out of the seven restaurants where we can utilized the coupon were not opened. The closure during this summer peak period did puzzled us. We enjoyed Explorer's Club restaurant in Mystic Point given there was almost no queue there during dinner time. Most visitors crowded at Royal Banquet Hall in Fantasyland. There was only four set meals available in Starliner Diner which quality of food were less than satisfactory. Our package gave us only 3 sets of voucher for each meal but the food portion were more than enough for four of us. My kids attended Jedi training in Tomorrowland. Kids learned how to wield lightsaber and fight Darth Vader on stage. The kids training were seamlessly weaved into the stage story which parent got to enjoy the stage performance and see our kids involved in it. Great jobs! Our package gave us two PhotoPass Plus which we never got to utilized. First, the park was crowded and the queue was long at the PhotoPass Plus selected picture spots. Second, we only allowed to use it in the park but not in the hotel. Third, unlike other theme park we went where there is a lot of photographers offer to take our photo at various spot but not in Disneyland. Despite the fact that we were given reserved viewing area during Parade and fireworks, we didn't get to use it as the area are too small to fit the numbers of users. In future, I will still bring my kids back to Disneyland. The stage shows Festival of the Lion King and Mickey and the Wondrous Book maintained its utmost quality. We had almost no complain, we saw subtitles in English or Chinese on the digital screen which is useful. Of all, kids love the colorful Toy Story Land. Fairytale forest is best to be visited just before it close at 730 pm when it is dark. The forest exudes its magic the most under the evening light.We made a Bibbidi Bobbidi appointment on the first day of our visit. Luckily, they could fit us into the schedule on our check out day. I was surprise to find out that I have to prepare my own outfit for my kids if we to sign up the Crown Package which cost HKD1000 less. At the end, we bought the costume at the Disney Shop at HKD498. The price is still much expensive than the retail price outside Disneyland. The purchase of the costume gave us a 20% discount for the Crown Package or 30% discount for the Castle Package. It is peak summer holiday now in HK. We still managed to go for quite a number of rides under the summer heat and when the crowds were probably at its peak. Of course,we forgo some rides given my kids are still too small to enjoy roller coaster ride at Grizzly Gulch. Nonetheless, the queuing time mostly around 20 mins as park facilitates are build to cater to huge crowd. A carousel for example can take up to 60 people in one go. We utilized the fast pass which also shorthen the queuing time. Planning a trip with relax pace for young kids is the key to make any trip enjoyable.
I've been to Tokyo Disneyland so was contemplating whether to spend one full day at HK Disneyland. Was worried after reading the negative reviews about it being small etc.... but in the end still decided to go... And...Sure glad we did!! We had a blast, unleashing the kiddos in us grown ups. Plenty of laughter and fun throughout the day. Maybe it helps that we are huge fans of classic Disney cartoons. The songs and cartoon characters always brings back fond childhood memories. The only downside was the queue for rides and the hot weather...(it was incredibly sunny and humid when we were there   but definitely thankful it didn't rain!). Will go back the next time we visit HK again :)
Unforgettable trip. Everything was against us, but we still went there... and the result was awesome!!It was pretty heavy rain in the morning. While checking the weather forecast, it was mentioned that the day would be full of rain... hmmm not only rain but stormy rain...We were crazy that time to still decide to try our luck... just trying, no harm... If we reach there and the it didn't give any sign of rain to stop, we will cancel our day inside the Disneyland....Surprisingly, when we reached there, the rain getting smaller... smaller... and it stopped after a while. The best part for a theme park after heavy rain stop is... yes, I think you guess correctly, it won't be so crowded, as many people are not as crazy as us... On top of that, the weather was so much cooling... Even we brought our less than 1 year old baby, we still manage to enjoy most of the games there...One word, wonderful!!
My wife and I, plus our 2 Daughters aged 12 & 5, Just got back from a 2 day trip in sweltering Hong Kong Disneyland. We stayed at the Disney Hollywood Hotel and bought a deal with Breakfast included, at least we thought so, after paying for the trip we found out at breakfast on Day 1 that breakfast was only for 2 adults. Be careful when booking online as this is NOT stated anywhere when booking through the slimy Disneyland Website. On the whole we enjoyed the trip.Pros: Good fun for kids and some enjoyable rides. Buzz Lightyear, Hyperspace Mountain and Runaway Mine Carridges are the best rides along with RC Racing, however be aware queues are horrendous with only one or two rides allowing FastPass. This needs to be addressed by Disney and some kind of pass for less queueing should be introduced. 30 40mins queuing in 37 degree heat is awful...pool at hotel was nice but hot water in pool. There's a great fun slide for kids and adults though at the Hollywood Hotel.Cons: Too many people, not enough cold drinks and water around. Queues too long, and beware there are zero benefits from staying at a disney hotel other than a short queue to get in. In Eurodisney at least there is an exclusive period in morning and evening for extended rides. We were very shocked and disappointed to find out on our first day half the park shut down at 8pm. More like a prison than a theme park. Staff at the hotel were pleasant and very helpful but overall very expensive thus a let down due to timings for attractions and alack of fans etc in the massive queues due to overcrowding. Breakfast and the hotel in general was noisy and overcrowded, had to wait for breakfast both days plus Disney characters in the park were not around for long, or again long queues. Overall 6 10 but could easily have been 10 10 if more Customer satisfaction was given rather than profit seeking.
If you've ever visited Hong Kong Disneyland, I think you would agree with me that it's the smallest Disney park in the world.Most of the attractions are for small children or teenagers. Not so many rides for adults.The souvenir prices are slightly exaggerated and more expensive than other Disney parks.Tips: Don't visit the park during monsoon season and public holidays in China and Hong Kong. I would assure you that you will waste your time there for queueing.
If you have been to the Disney parks in USA, expect this to be a very mini version of those. The rides are smaller as well. Unfortunately it was missing the splash mountain ride. :( Despite the size, still enjoyed ourselves. Do not miss the Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars ride, by far the best ride in the park.Disney is still the happiest place regardless of the size. :)
Our family purchased a 2 day pass at Disneyland and it was a tick off all our bucket list, however, if you have teenage children, it is very limited for them! Although, they were grateful to have visited the place. The second day was our highlight as we went at night, then we experienced the lighting of the Christmas Tree, the 'Christmas Snow' and the beautiful and spectacular fireworks! We will never forget this experience, these are memories our family will have forever.
We have visited with our now 6 year old daughter 4 times now. The park is amazing, we absolutely love it and if it wasn't for the fact that we live in Thailand would go all the time. If you aren't a local, I would suggest to stay in one of the 2 Disneyland resort hotels, right next to the park and get a 2 day pass. It's not much more expensive than a one day pass and you get so much for your money.
It was the smallest Disneyland's I have ever been. The castle was also the smallest. BUT .. it was a green hill behind the park and it made the picture perfect.Like other Disneylands in the world, every DIsneyland was special! We had Dim Sum lunch in this one and it was tasty!
My family, husband, 10 year old son and I, found the park to being a wonderful experience. My son was amazed of the park and having to have been to Disneyland Paris and the first trip to Asia, he found it very unique. He loved the Space Mountain ride so much that we had to skip the parade show for a second ride. The park wasn't that crowded as we had gone on a Tuesday. So would recommend going on a weekday as I was told, weekends is crazy crowded.It was very convenient to get to the park from Novotel Hotel Citygate as this was just one station away.Although we had so much fun, laughs and a lot of family rides, we had a few rides closed such as the Grizzly Bear ride.However, in all a wonderful experience we had especially for my son.
a really great place...can spend a whole day here...the two three roller coasters were especially thrilling as well as the river ride
although HK disney land is a very small one, the setup is very friendly and convenient . parades is so nice. you don't need to wait in a long queue even for the newly open the items.
my expirience was that my 9 year old son was the top limit and older then that would get bored on most rides but i assume it depends on the individual child. its well planned and organized, long lines on bust days, hot and humid so take water and hats and be prepared for a long way, the MTR has a special line that goes directly to there so very easy access
had some very nice shows   also had rides for everybody some scary and some not so scary  didnt get through everything in 1 day
This place awakens the kid in you. But it is more enjoyable for real children really. Do bring children but bring strollers for them. The whole day of walking and fun may tire you fast.
Sadly when we were visiting two of our favorite rides(space mountain and railroad coaster in Frontier land) were closed for maintenance construction. The lines at this place were very short! I don't think we waited more than 10 min for any rides. Toy story land surprised me with how enjoyable the rides there were. The live shows were absolutely amazing and worth the wait! I don't think it's necessary to be waiting exactly when they suggest but at least a 10min before the start of the show. *our wait times might be skewed because we went on a Wednesday on a very very hot June day (weather channel said it felt like 105oF the day we went).There are many good food options for people but there was only limited air conditioned seats so we opted to buy hotdogs from a stand and stayed under the shade for a quick bite to eat. Try the mango juice there, it tastes so good and is super refreshing on a hot day!We didn't get a chance to watch the parades  fireworks because it was so hot outside that we wanted to do all the rides and buy some souvenirs before heading back to our hotel. The shops on main street have a ton of promos for people that like souvenirs and even have us some stickers and a small notepad as gifts.When we left we were invited to do a survey and got a ton of hong kong disneyland souvenirs! If we head back to Hong Kong, we will definitely go to disneyland again...but maybe this time try to come in winter to avoid that heat :)
We went on 23 June (Thur) and is happy that we went straight in with no q at entrance! Most of our rides are just 5   10 mins q.We believed that the reasons are:1) Disney shanghai is opened, most China Chinese and other tourist will choose to visit new Disney which is bigger2) HK Sch holiday starts beg jul for 2 months3) we choose to visit on Thu which is near mid of the week4) for some countries like Singapore that's the last week b4 Sch start so most may not choose to travel that week.Overall we manage to have combined Abt 15 rides shows parades fireworks   with time to dine in corner cafe (highly recommended for dinner as 7.45pm parade is just outside and after dinner, just nice for fireworks at 8.45pm)   time for shopping.
Hong Kong Disneyland campus is much smaller (compared to Universal Studios in Singapore that I have been to) and is easier to explore. Go early and finish few critical rides asap, before crowd piles up. We could do that and thought of doing one more ride in the evening if crowd is less, but even by 7 PM the queue was substantial, with about 40 60 min waiting time for main rides. So going early gives you best way to optimize your experience.Drinking water is charged HKD28, 4 5 times the retail price. But free drinking water kiosks are available (has a bit of chlorine smell)The shows were great  note their timing and location and be there 15 20 min earlier.
Trip to Hongkong Disneyland is worth a visit. There are a number of shops inside selling different kinds of souvenirs. Also variety of rides are there for both kids and young visitors. You can have pictures with different characters like Mickey, Mouse etc. if you have patience and time to stand in the queue for the same. There are not many eatables for vegetarians, except French Fries at one or two places. One needs almost full day to enjoy various parks here.
Wow, you ought to be child again and enjoy this place. Need to go to every ride and every zone. Spend time with your family, friends, kids. Be a kid again and just chill. Amazing experience
I had no expectation for Disneyland and I really enjoyed this place for a first time experience. I have heard that others are bigger but I enjoy the fact that you can get everything done in one day. It was a very hot day and what could have been improved is more shaded chill out areas and cheaper water to make the day a bit more comfortable. Apart from that the magic of Disney is alive at this place and make sure you watch the fireworks at the end as they were unforgettable.
simply AWESOME ..what else can you say ..enjoyed it thoroughly as kids went MAD over the shows , parades and rides ..sad few rides were closed
We went to Hong Kong in May during school vacations and Disneyland was an obvious choice for us to include in our itinerary. It was nice and pleasant and kids enjoyed it obviously. Though having seen the US Disneyland I realized that this was an abridged version. Not everything is here which in some ways is ok as it's possible to actually cover the whole park in a day. Food options are a bit limited for vegetarians.
1. bottled water way too expensive. $28 for bottled water. i know it has to be expensive in this sort of park. but its way too much2. good fun for children3. during summmer need more shade on the open area4. cool air conditioning in toilets were very good.
We finished all the rides within 1 day. Most queue was less than 20mins, which is good. Overall experience for the rides 6 10
it is a smaller scale of the Disneyland compared to Tokyo but a good way to start with if you are with young children. The park tickets are quite pricey.
Although we came here on a Thursday, there were many people but it was not that crowded. The park was very organized and there may be queues for every ride, the waiting time isn't that long. I loved the atmosphere of the park, especially Main Street. There are 2 parades of Disney characters  one in the afternoon and the other at night. I recommend skipping the afternoon parade since the one at night is more spectacular (the characters wear their costumes with glowing lights and stuff).There is a fireworks show at 8:45 pm sharp, don't miss it. As for the attractions and rides, you should try out the 3 extreme rides in the park. Check out also the Mystic Manor and Mickey's Philharmagic.
We had such a great time bouncing with rigger, visiting tarzans tree house and doing  the river ride with gina. It was my first visit in a disneyland and I  expected less than i got.
We just picked the wrong day to do Disneyland HK I think.Was very hot and humid and is very quickly sapped everything out of the kids.The rides are great, the parade at the end was the icing.Please make sure you find a good vantage point before the parade starts coz else you will not see it in it entire beauty.
Everyone in my family enjoyed it. You just need 1 day to cover all the activities. One should not miss their fireworks show.
This was the third time I have been here and 2nd time with my daughter. The experience is getting better: my daughter old enough to enjoy the park to the full extend, less crowds (still crowded but much better than before), more rides and more Disney Character encounters.Now they have two parades: one usual one at 3:30pm and one additional night parade (added for their 10th anniversary as I comprehended) at 7:45pm. The Firework showv thus is moved to 8:45pm.The Princesses can often to find at the Pavilions at the right of the castle (we managed to get 5 princesses encounters: just before the study published to discuss how Disney Princesses could harm your girl).The Mickey mouse magic book show and the mystic mansion ride, which we did for first time, was surprisingly good.
This trip took a full day as the park was busy. Some rides took along time but the day was great.Park was fun !!!
This is the smallest disneyland ever, the staff are very unpleasant! Boring staff! Dissapointed with the refurbishment of tomorrowland! A very small Magic Kingdom! The knky good thing maybe is the transportation by MTR and the shop in the main street section and they have a short fireworks dont waste your time watching that!
My husband and I love Disney. Every 5 years, we go to Orlando's Disney World for our Anniversary. We knew HK Disneyland couldn't hold a candle to Orlando's but we wanted to go for a cultural comparison. While this park has my favorite ride (Mystic Manor) and favorite roller coaster (Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars) out of all of the Disney rides I   ve been on, the rest of the park was lack luster. In the defense of the park, it was raining pretty much all day. (Rain has the potential to put a damper on just about anything.) The parade was understandably cancelled due to the weather. They did end up having the fireworks show at closing. The fireworks dwarfed the castle and it was a little humorous to me that the smoke from the fireworks completely hid the castle by the end. If you are in HK and you love Disney, definitely go for the Disney cultural experience. If you are not a Disney fan, this park will not make you become one.
I admit I am a huge Disney fan and love anything Disney but I honestly think this place is amazing! Admittedly it is smaller then the other Disney parks and there arent a lot of thrill rides but at the same time there are still some really great rides. Even better we went midweek and barely had to line up anywhere! We really enjoyed Astro blasters, Its a small world, Mystic Manor, RC racer, Mountain mine cars and the Tea cups. The shows were truely spectacular, we loved the parades but the fireworks can not be missed!!! It was the perfect way to finish the day! Only negative thing was the turkey leg from the snack cart, yuk!
Hong Kong Disneyland is the best place for kids and adults as well.There are lots of entertainment like Disney Characters on parade,live shows packed with music and laughter etc. Lovely Chinese food,snacks and Ice cream carts.
This is a wonderful activity.  It is not the size of its American counterpart but worthwhile.  A definite must is the parade.  The amusements are all good and there are many eateries available.
The Disneyland amusement park is for more kids than grown ups. If you're going for the roller coasters etc. then I will not recommend this park. The mining roller coaster was great in the way that it had some original tweaks. The inside Star Wars roller coaster was very fast and the scenery was great adding to the feeling of speed.The park gets very hot so remember something to protect your head and sun blockers. SunBlockers was sold out in the park for Weeks it was claimed. Here management needs to react! The fast food is expensive all over the park. Hot dog 55 HKD, simple Chinese dish ca 110 HKD and 3 set menu ca 200   drinks.
Having been to Disney World many times, I was personally not impressed with the size and grandeur of this Disney, however for small children this park is just right. We have a one year old and a four year old and we were able to get through all but one or two rides in a day. I would suggest 2 days for rides and shows with small children. All the staff was phenomenal and we are planning another trip back this month and will be staying in one of the resort hotels. This park had Fantasyland, Tomorrowland, Adventure Land and Toy story land. There are also many food choices both eastern and western to choose from. I would def go during the week as there was hardly any wait for the rides.
No age limit to experience disneyland. You will forget your age in the merriest and happiest place in the world. The parades were a sight to look forward especially the evening parade with all the acrobatic lights and the fireworks. Couple of rides and show were close
It was a short trip as we were in Hongkong for only 4 days . There was no long queues due to perhaps China Disneyland Just opened.  Weather was also unfortunately too hot
Very magical place to visit. Very easy access by MTR. Went mid week and was still queues of people for most things. We arrived for opening and stayed for the fireworks at the end. Very long day but really enjoyed. It was very hot, so need lots of water. Typical of the theme parks, food expensive and very average. But if that is the expectation then no disappointment!!! The shows made the day, the festival of lion king, Mickey and the wonderous book, the street parades are magical, Mickey Philhar Magic a 3D movie which is awesome. These theatres gave relief to the heat. Queues for many rides, and we came back to a few when lines shorter. Queues for character photos long and it was just luck sometimes when we got some. I would imagine same at all other Disneylands around the world! Grounds are lovely and clean as are the amenities. Children just would love this once in a lifetime experience. If it's hot take an umbrella to shade you as you walk around as we didn't and they are $$$ to purchase there as with most things.
LATEPOST: VISITED LAST AUGUST 2012These are the themed areas that we enjoyed:  Main Street U.S.A.  Have lots of shops, people and parades. Buildings were mostly made of wooden materials. Fantasyland   My Children loved the underground water tour at It's a small world Adventureland Jungle River Cruise is my favorite it's just located near Tarzan's house. Tomorrowland   My daughter loved stitch Grizzly Gulch   Looks like an abandoned mining town, wild wild west! yi ha!. Toy Story Land   Well.. Woody , Rex and Buzz lightyear .To go there by Metro Train : Sunny Bay  Disneyland Resort. Transfer is available to the Tung Chung line at Sunny Bay, allowing one to connect to Hong Kong Island, Kowloon or Tung Chung.HK Disneyland is located at Lantau Island, Hongkong.To go there by By Bus: R8 Disneyland   Lantau Link Toll plaza (Circular) Lantau Link Toll plaza can be accessed by riding any of the routes : A11   E32 ;  R33  Tuen Mun Railway Station    Disneyland;  R42  Tai Wai Railway Station    Disneyland
When i reached Hong Kong Disneyland from train a wonderfull palace seen i told to my friend to take pictures of me for saving i take more poctures in my mobile one of them is attached herewith
Disappointed to say the least with most of Tomorrow land closed for refurbishment. Not only that but a lot of food outlets were closed as well it was even a challenge to get a drink of water.Take a ride on the train to have a look around only to discover it's just a half journey you disembark and queue again, not that you would bother you only see the fence and trees!If you want to see fireworks go to river fire in Brisbane where Movie world and Dreamworld are better attractions.
been here 4 years ago and so happy to come back. there were slight changes to the place but its the same excitement that i had . very convenient to travel by train. affordable entrance fee And everywhere there are restos and souvenier shops. will come back again in 4 yeats!
Been there several times. The place is  small  compared with Disney all around the world, but everything is there. Don't expect too much from food and drinks. If you go there on a hot and sunny day, bring sun cream; if you go on a rainy day, bring an umbrella and dry towels. Queues for games are not really long, expect for one or two popular ones. Some people may jump into the line from time to time. Just tell the staff and they will deal with it. My kids love the place, the same as any other Disney !!
We visited Hong Kong last March 2016 and of course, Disneyland was on our list. We had one day pass and the experience turned out to be wonderful and exciting. Moreover, we loved the shows and the parade that featured the Disney characters. I remembered that moment when we had our lunch at the main street corner cafe in which my boyfriend and I hurriedly asked for the bill and went out just to witness the parade. That time we were so excited to see the Disney characters, it will really bring out the child in you. Watching the fireworks is the best way to end your magical visit to Disney, but wait, the experience was a lot memorable when my boyfriend planned to have the proposal during the fireworks display but I was just too tired to walk right in the middle of the main street where he planned to do it, He failed! Haha! And he was able to do it after the fireworks display and then we're Engaged!!! :)
A more manageable (smaller) Disneyland, which we appreciate because we have younger kids. Not all the big kid (adult) rides are there though (compared to Tokyo Disney or Disneyland Anaheim) but for our young ones   it was still great. It's good if you also stay nearby so you can stay late and watch the paraddes and fireworks; best if you stay in a Disney hotel.
The place is truly magical. The fireworks were a blast! The food, however, is expensive. The bathrooms were really clean especially in the morning.
There is really nothing much to see. We thought it will take us full day to see everything here but we finished all the possible rides within 4 hours. It is a small Disney land.
Whenever I ask my kids about the upcoming vacation,  they will shout Disney Land Hong Kong,,, three times in three years and they want to revisit again and again.... Lovely and friendly staff...
It's very hot day!! There are not too much shutters in the park. Luckily there are a lot of drinking water just in front of washrooms! We went on weekday and there were not much tourists, we did not need to wait too long for rides! Wonderful experience! Have to go again!!
This is my 3rd time in Disneyland HK, i make it a point to visit Disneyland every time I visit HK. I have been in Disneyland Cali and Florida, and Disneyland HK is quite small compare to the the 2 mentioned Disneyland places. But, still you get to feel like you are a kid again.My recent visit in HK is with my fiance and my future in laws. First time for my future in laws so I was a bit worried that they might have a hard time roaming around the park since they're already senior citizens. But, to my surprise, they had a really great time! They enjoyed their visit in Disneyland. They love the shows (Lion King and Disney story book) and the rides (grizzly gulch, its a small world, train...) Too bad space mountain is under maintenance im sure they would like that also. The parades are also a must watch (parade of stars, night parade and fireworks display). Selfie stick is not allowed in the park which I just think is right since sometimes it can be annoying especially when you're watching a show. The weather is really nice, it was warm but not that sunny. It drizzled though but only for a few minutes. The last time I visited Disneyland HK was 2 years ago... I was just surprised that the prices of water and food sky rocketed. Oh well, this is really expected when you visit theme parks. We got the tickets in a discounted rate from our hotel. If you purchase it in Disneyland it's approximately HK$530.
As Mickey says, everyday is magical at Disneyland and the same can be said here. It was very hot and lots of cues to get on rides but that is to be expected. I would recommend this to anyone with children who has the time while in Hong Kong.
My children were so in love with many attractions. The most favorite one is Pooh tram. I hope there's disney car in any Asia disneyland.
This Disneyland, while much smaller than other Disneylands, is still quite enjoyable. There are many things to do. One whole day (from 10AM to 9PM) is enough. We went there in the start of summer. It was very hot and humid! We drank litres and litres of fluids. Good part was there weren't a lot of people. We didn't have to line up for the rides. The staff were very friendly. They're building some new attractions, so that's something to look forward to.
Visited in early Jun with family. It's too much hyped, though few things like parades and shows are good. Taking photo with Characters are really frustrating and that to in hot sun. You have to wait for hours. They should have few more characters roaming around for photo pose.2 rides in tomorrow land and the roller coaster in adventure land were closed.
Awesome for family with children. Even young teens.   Takes a day to explore the park properly. Go mid week to avoid crowds on weekends. Take plenty of water.
What can I say it's Disneyland of course it's great!!! Different than the ones in the US in some ways and forget riding Winnie the Pooh. Same ride as in US but huge lines for this ride. Castle is different be sure to take the subway to get there. The windows in the subway are even Mickey and luxurious. It's a great park of course and cheaper than in the US. Go!!!!
It was rainy but still fun.. Two Tomorrow land rides are under renovation.They have a new starwars ride and it was awesome. It was raining that is why there is no parade  flight of fantasy. Just a quick parade. It is best to visit disney on cold months.. To enjoy the rides
i visited on June'16 when the temperature is high. not so convenient because i sweat a lot and tired. you better to choose another time when the weather is more friendly.overall , the place is very nice for your whole family.one more, don't plan to go back to city by taxi. apparently, not so many taxi come by. you better take MTR. If you depart from airport and go as a group, better to take taxi as it cost only HKD125, cheaper than taking MTR
My favorite was the Ocean Park, but he was very disappointing and the Disneyland was much better as expected!Main Street USA, Toy Story Land and Mystic Point have nothing for couples and also no good dining options. This three places in Disneyland had us disappointed and since the price of admission was sorely high, so I only can give 3 stars.At some places at Disneyland you can eat very well. Particularly pleasing were the many drink stalls, in view of the very great heat in HK (at our visit time)The  Jungle River Cruise  in the Adventureland was the best!!
First off it was a stinking hot day, I think more shade may be needed. That said my wife and I had a great day, a lot of fun for us oldies in our 50s. Yes it was expensive but all these places are. A great day out, thank you HK Disneyland.
We were in a group of 6 adults and 2 kids, enjoyed every bit of experience. It has fun filled activities for all age group.  Do not miss the following:  Afternoon parade  Night parade  Fire work at night  Grizzly gulch
This might reminds you for our good old time but trust me, major attractions are catered for kids. The rides are slow and colorful which makes your kids gonna love it so much. Our real good times only at the souvenir shops
As a Canadian with minimal Mandarin and Cantonese, I had no problems communicating with any of the cast members at restaurants or at any of the shops.As an avid Disney pin trader I make contact with more of the cast members than anyone else in my travel group, Had no problems communicating, everyone fit the bill of the ideal Disney cast member, polite, agreeable, helpful, and well groomed.Obviously with Disney a lot of children are there, but the lines weren't a problem at any of the major rides.The food wasn't below the average for a Disney experience, but I don't hold their meals in the highest regard.
My 2 daughters fulfilled their dreams of meeting Elsa, Aana, Sophia and  Judy Hopps. We took 2 days entry tickets and still were only able to cover 90% of the park. It was very crowded but it was fun too.
We visited Disneyland HK (which is the tiniest of all but also closest to India!) in August in the middle of Amber Typhoon warning which meant lots of rain! The rains couldn't wash away our enthusiasm and we enjoyed lining up for all the rides and shows  a must do activity even if you are a grown up! A Disney lover stays a Disney lover forever.
Need some improvement with the queue for taking pic with mickey and minnie.. need a canopy and more cooling fan.. the ice cream and pop corn were super delicious. Dont miss the micky magical show, lion king and the parade especially the night parade at 7:45 pm
I absolutely loved our day at Disneyland! I went with my partner and we enjoyed going on all the rides and meeting all the different characters. The fireworks at 9pm were the absolute highlight for us. It was our first time visiting Disneyland and we would love to go again!
Going to Hong Kong Disneyland isn't that hard   it is accessible via the MTR. Bring your children if you have any for it will be very fun. Even adults will find the them park very enjoyable. This is basically a place for people of all ages! If you plan to visit HK Disneyland, be sure you allot the whole day (that includes night   for the fireworks!). A lot to see, and a lot to try! One is advised to visit Disneyland once they visit Hong Kong. There are other great stuffs inside this park, and it is guaranteed that everybody will enjoy. Have fun!
(Disclaimer: I have a 9 month old son who joined us for this trip.) It is accessible by MTR that makes going to Hong Kong Disneyland quite easy. Step free access everywhere so strolleys and wheel chairs are definitely in. The process of getting a ticket and entering the park is a breeze. Due to its small size, you can actually roam around the park in half a day, so you have to space out the rides properly. Disneyland HK is divided into seven areas, each catering specifically for visitor's needs. Main Street, Fantasyland, Tomorrow Land and Adventure Land offers rides and attractions suitable for children of all ages, while Toy Story Land, Grizzly Gulch and Mystic Point are for more mature and aged visitors. Each of the rides take just about 2 3 minutes, although the waiting time for some attractions may take 15 to 30 minutes for others, so it is suggested that you plan out your rides to maximize your entry. In some of the rides, it literally ends in a shop. If you are pressed for time, move ahead, as the Main Street offers a long range of shops and all the merchandise are found there.There is a parade of Disney stars at around 7:30 PM and a fireworks display at 8:45 PM. Best vantage point would be in front of the Sleeping Beauty castle, just near the roundabout at Main Street. Once the parade of stars and fireworks end, you have about 30 45 minutes, either to freshen up or do some last minute shopping at the Main Street shops, as they are the last to close. There are also dining areas that remain open up till closing time.While I appreciate the entire Disneyland Hong Kong experience, I do have some points for improvement especially for the fireworks display, which is the cap or finale of the activity. There are a lot of smoke generated by the fireworks display that obscure the view of the spectacular fireworks. Perhaps the management can do something about it.Overall, I felt like a kid again. To see and live and dream, a whole new world once more. Kudos. I shall definitely come back here, once my son is big enough to enjoy the sights and sounds of Mickey's world.
HK Disneyland is an excellent stopover option for families. From fun rides to fast rides to shows such as the magical 3D Disney show and the lion king performance, it was a great day to entertain the kids. Highly recommended. In summer it's very hot but the indoor attractions provide welcome air conditioned relief. Taxi from the airport in 20min. We stayed at the Regal Airport hotel so were able to store our hand luggage with the concierge to avoid the HK Disneyland locker charge.
Oone of the highlights in HK. It seemd like a complete replica of the the Magic Kingdom. We all had a great time there. My favorite part was the fireworks and the parades!:D
we went to disneyland on a holiday unfortunately as we did not had much options. There were huge queues at most of rides but wait was worth. The pilhar magic show and Lion show was indeed amzing. There are lot of small parks with small castles and my both the daughters enjoyed a lot. We did not bought much of merchandise or souvenirs from here as we found stuff lot cheaper at Hongkong airport with amazing discounts on.We had to walk a lot and good we purchase a stroller on rent ($100hkd). At the end the cartoons parade and Fireworks show was amazing.Vegetarian food was difficult to get and good if you can take your own stuff inside
There's a separate booth for Klook vouchers that's super convenient and fun to use. We had a great time in Disneyland even if it rained a bit. It was great seeing all the disney characters we grew up to love. And of course there's newer ones too like the cast of Frozen and Zootopia. As for the rides, my favorites are Tomorrowland's Hyperspace Mountain and Astro Blasters. The Mystic Manor is also a treat! Aside from the thrill rides, the musical shows of  Mickey and the Wondrous Book  and  Festival of the Lion King  should not be missed. The night ends with a fun, colorful parade and spectacular fireworks at the Main Street.
What can I say but as a family this place gives us the opportunity to spend some fun, exciting moments together and just go nuts!For those who has never been there, transportation is VERY easy. The MTR has a station just outside the park. Heck its even closer to the park than the parking lot and the taxi stands!Make sure you go there in the morning and stay there right up till night cos theres usually a parade of all the Disney characters at around 7:30pm.Food   this is one place where you can find various food for most of the different cultures out there. Western and Asian...various choices and not bad.Disney characters   forget bout them   its the rides, ride and more rides! Problem is there's hardly any characters around and when you do see them...its usually the less popular ones   well that was what I encountered. Not sure if this is how it is...but I suggest to just enjoy yourselves with the rides.Apart from that, this is Disneyland...all the rides are what you would expect them to be. Bring your children and have fun. Souvenirs tho, expensive...I dont buy my souvenirs there. Have fun!
Visited in 2010, and with a 3 year old. No evidence visited with 9 year old and 2.5 year old Sister. The atmosphere is totally different. The Disney Magic is lost. Used to like the loud Disney songs that is played the moment you reach the main gate,but this time round, the music was soft and not continuous. Stayed one night in Disneyland hotel, hotel was old and worn out, and worse, the sewage smell was horrible. Service crew were all angry folks and you can see that they are unhappy, for some reasons. Rather disappointing. Disney has lost its charm.
Great time! Smaller than Disney in Florida or California. We went on a Wednesday. There were no lines on any of the rides! We loved the grizzly gulch roller coaster. There was even a restaurant, I think called market north on Main Street, that had gluten free options for my kids with celiac. But beware, they do not sell sunscreen anywhere, so be sure to bring your own!
Hong Kong Disneyland was SOOOOO fun! There are kiddie rides for the younger children and scarier ones for the older children. I liked the fast pass we used for space mountain. And for lunch, you get to go through all these rides to get there. There was a caf   that had gluten free foods! I had the vegetable lasagna and it was delicious! I recommend taking your kids there
We have been to Disneyland in Hong Kong 4 times since 2010 and enjoyed every minute there. I agree Disneyland in the USA is great but for travel to and from Brisbane is 15 hours compared to 8 hours to Hong Kong and expense for a family I would recommend Hong Kong anytime.
Small Disneyland, only go if you love all things Disney, like myself hah, otherwise will not find it entertaining as quite a small park. But its good that they are expanding
I really had a fun time at Hong Kong Disney , it was bright and brilliant and a lot of fun. I must make a special comment regarding the transport to get to Disney it was very straight forward and the directions easy to follow.
We felt that this Disney is quite overrated, as the rides are not at all thrilling, and we did not encounter a single Disney character during the entire day there. The parade and the light show were also cancelled due to impending weather. I feel that the place is best suited for family with small children, maybe 7 years or less, as the elder kids will look for better rides in which case the Ocean Park is a better option.
We are 3 seniors and Went to Disneyland in Hong Kong last week. what a wonderful place for all ages. We went on every ride including the roller coaster. The lines were short no waiting around. every thing you would expect to see in Disneyland was there The best ride of the day was the new star wars coaster .it is a full day of entertainment 5 star entertainment Margaret Hawke Australian
Excellent. Please book your tickets through Klook and save your money and the queues. The rides are not that fascinating like those of the ocean park, which I feel is a much cheaper and reasonable deal. The parade and fireworks are unbelievable. The staff are very nice and honestToilets are well maintainedWater is very expensive
We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Hollywood Resort but in Disneyland itself thought there would be more rides, etc for all ages rather than just shopping. We really enjoyed the Lion King show and the Grand Parade but the parade was a bit drawn out, probably more suitable for younger children
do stay till the end for the fireworks after 8:30Pm for the closing ceremony. Enchanting moments at night and magical in the day as Disney characters and rides charm the child in us.
I visited Disneyland solo & while it doesn't compare to Anaheim, I still really enjoyed myself, even the rain didn't dampen my spirits! There were a few rides, and the longest I stood in line was 15 minutes. Don't miss Mystic Manor or the Jungle River Cruise. Festival of the Lion King is also one not to miss! You could should probably skip Tarzan's Treehouse as the best thing about it was the 30 second raft ride over there. Sadly, the main parade was cancelled due to the weather, but the Electric Light Parade (goes by a different name in HK) made up for it! It was spectacular! The only down point was being served a Mickey Waffle (which in itself was amazing) by an extremely rude staff member, who really didn't embody the 'Disney Spirit' at all! Other than that, an awesome day out in Hong Kong!
I have visited many Disney lands over the world and I have now been to the hong kong Disney Land. While this park is smaller. It has a very good feel. The rides here and aimed more for the younger children but the themes you can see while walking around are pretty and clean. The only dissapointment I have about this park is the castle. It is very very small compared to other parks and I just think it would be nice to upgrade this to a castle seen at other parks. Overall the day here was good and fun
I've bought the 2 days tickets directly from the park website for HKD599 each adult. The ticket allows you to visit the park for 2 days with 7 days apart.There are several nice rides such as AC rider, grizzy bear which are good for teenagers..We have the fast pass for Winnie the Pooh in day 1 and Space mountain (closed on the first day we were there) on day 2.. Our strategic is to go early for the popular rides, then we also get the fast pass for space mountain. Winnie is more for small kids!The queue in general was not too Long probably due to hot weather in Jun. Our second day was a rainy day, no queue at outdoor rides.. Bought raincoat from Disney costs HK69 for adult size.. Quality is ok, not those thin type..Dinner on first day near Fantasyland was horrible, got myself a mixed grilled but really tasted horrible, price HKD149. Second time lunch near mystic manor is much better, Daughter has her Vietnamese beef Kway Teow at HKD129 which was nice.Overall we enjoy our trip to Disneyland.
My ordinary life turned to be magical even just for a day!Started with the city tour it was windy and rainy day weather but when we're travelling to Disneyland its like Magic, skies turned to its perfect blue color: sign of a best day. Witnessed the Grand Parade of Disney Characters, Tried every single rides from moderate to extreme, mild and creepiest. It was so much fun! Plus all their staff are very helpful, they are always ready to assist with a smile. (From the ticketing, main entrance...). Restaurants inside the Disney are just too expensive. Good that our entry ticket provided by our agent includes meals. Indeed!  The Happiest Place on Earth
We have been to Disneyland in Anaheim and it is much bigger than this one. That said the parade that they have in the afternoon was spectacular and there has been no expense spared. The best rides are Space Mountain and the RC racer in Toy Story Land.I expected the food to be expensive but $105HK ( which is $21AUD) for 3 Mickey Mouse ice creams is ridiculous. The gifts in the gift stores didn't seem too overly priced. We got the 2 day pass and we went back on the second day in the afternoon thinking it may be quieter   it wasn't. The longest we waited was 30 minutes in a line but most of the wait time was 5 to 10 minutes. My daughter is 11 and she really enjoyed the day and that is what we all go to Disneyland for.
Been to the Hong Kong Disneyland a few times, always enjoy having an egg tart, but this time I missed it! The new attraction Star Wars is fun and my first time taking the ride, can't help screaming out loud! It was raining on the day of visit, and will surely go back for more fun and magic
If you haven't visited any Disney Land earlier, this is a must go. We have purchased tickets from our hotel at discounted price.Make sure you arrive by opening (10:30am) to enjoy the most. Check weather prior and carry sunscreen umbrella. Be prepared for huge queues for each attraction. Take a free location map at entrance and organise to cover maximum rides shows. Evening parade and closing fireworks are must if you love fireworks.
the first Disneyland I've been to and thus the most impressive one.the weather was quite unfriendly on the day of my visit, nevertheless many visitors came to the theme park despite the drizzling rain and occasional winds throughout the day..it only cleared up around 5 pm near the end of the day..but most of the rides were open and operating just fine, just make sure you're in good health before you get on any rides or attractions.For show lovers, make sure you see: 1) Mickey's storybook adventure (sing along live show with popular characters dancing to and singing your favourite Disney soundtracks)2) Mickey's Philharmonic (3d show with fun effects for family)3) Lion King show (with fire dance, tribal dance, and Lion KIng soundtracks performed live)For thrill lovers, don't miss out:1) Mystic Manor (amazing and thrilling rides with scary fun visual effects throughout the whole ride only available here)2) Grizzly Gulch Mountain Cars (outdoor coaster ride with backward movement and thrilling maneuvers)3) Hyperspace Mountain (newly reopened indoor coaster ride, revamped with Star Wars theme  be prepared for darkness, laser lights, chills, crazy fast maneuvers with amazing sound and light effects! The day of my visit June 11th was actually the first day it opened for public  and thankfully it wasn't crowded at all, took 4 rides and didn't wait for more than 15 minutes! It was a superb experience!)4) Parachute Drop & RC CarsYou have to ride on it to experience the thrilling sensation yourself.. way different if you just see others on it. It's fun!!!There are also other interesting and enjoyable rides such as:1) Jungle River Cruise2) Slinky Ride3) Orbitron, etc.And for everybody else, better wait till late in the evening because at 7.45 pm they will have night parade (along the Mainstreet USA) and as a finale there is a spectacular fireworks at 8.45 pm (best viewed around the Sleeping Beauty Castle).Food was quite pricey, but they serve big enough portion with generous serving of meat, so it was worth it in my opinion. I had late lunch there at the restaurant next to Mystic Manor ride..it was less crowded and the menu was selection of Asian food.
Despite the cast members (that's what Disney call their staff) being rude and impatient with us tourists who don't speak Chinese, we still had a magical time because of the various attractions and although it seemed superficial, the people who worked there did try to be nice, it just wasn't enough. The park needs to be friendlier and I don't think the locals can do that, time for Disney to look outside of HK to hire friendlier cast members! The shows are amazing so definitely make time for those. We were there from opening to closing and still felt it wasn't enough time, so definitely coming back. It was raining the entire day we were there so perhaps visit sometime during winter or spring cause it gets rainy during the summer anyway. Everything inside is expensive so better be ready, an umbrella cost HK$168 a piece, imagine how much anything else cost. Other than that, you should have an amazing time! :)
Day 1 of our HK visit was all about Disneyland. Located in Lantau, its a short drive from the airport. There are multiple areas there like FantasyLand, TomorrowLand & Adventure Land. The parades are colourful and the rides diverse. Absolutely loved it.
You actually step into a dream.Just like the story book.It's a huge place which takes a lot of time to cover. Great rides and don't miss the parade and the fire works at night. Must wear good walking shoes. Kids have a ball. Plenty of photo ops.
Recently went here over the Queens Birthday Long Weekend (Australia). Being my first Disney theme park all I can say is WOW! From the custom Disney Train, to the small art work throughout the park the attention to detail was incredible. This park didn't seem as big as others in Hong Kong (such as Ocean Park) but wow did it impress. Highly recommend going to this park on a weekday being sure that its not during school holidays or a public holiday. We went on a Monday with the weather forecast scheduled for thunderstorms; we scored lucky and didn't see a drop of rain all day. The end result, an all but empty park until around 1PM when some more locals turned up. Still we didn't wait more than 5 15 minutes in any line. Due to our fortune with the crowds, we managed to see all three of the shows (4D cinema, theatre productions and lion king musical), meet and greet a selection of our fav characters (Goofy, Chewbacca, Micky and some Storm Troopers), watch both parades (lunch time one and evening one followed by fireworks display) and do every ride in the one day (note, we were not traveling with children and spent limited time in the gift store and eating). Highly recommend the new Star Wars ride (in doors roller coaster) the 4D movie, Buzz laser zone, mine ride and omg the list goes on!
Having been to California Disney many times, Hong Kong pales in comparison by far. Fewer rides, different vibe, awful food. If you have time and want to spend the money, go. Just know what you're in for. We struggled to find enough to do for 5 hours, rode a few rides multiple times even, and were done. We went in November when the weather was decent and found it warm. Cannot imagine going in the heat, let alone with children.
We went here because we took our granddaughter. If not for her we wouldn't bother going here. To be honest I was disappointed, I expected a lot more, but then we are almost 74 years old. It would be great for small kids with plenty of energy.
As if you love Disney Movie definitely Disneyland will be one of your top destination. Hong Kong Disneyland is quite small but well enough to feel the magical world. Most of the rides are very gentle means only good for kids and people who don't like thrill rides.A great place to take photos since they have few themes on every area as Disneyland always do but too bad their castle not 100% real because some part only a picture so it wasn't really amusing at all for me. And for better deal you can actually check KLOOK apps to get cheaper ticket for Disneyland.
As the name suggests my kids loved it . But if I you really want to enjoy old reach there as early as possible and please do take the pram for children otherwise very young children would not be able to walk so much .prams are available for 100$ per day ....
I stayed september 2015 , enjoyed and feel the excitement of being ah child. First time encountering the technologies that i havent before . Enjoyed the rides and disney characters . Its a perfect place to go when you have childrens, they love it so much. All thing are expensive but worth for you. You can bonding with your friends and families . Great experiences i encountered riding in a crazy ride makes my mother dizzy. I enjoyed the most is the fireworks show and this so amazing .
Nice place to be with family, one thing though better come here on the start of winter. We come here on may and it is hot, standing 45 minutes in line for one game. We simply get tired, stamina drain by the heat. And when we are there, some game is out of order, But we enjoy every moment there, fun place to be.
It an average place to visit. Not many rides for teenagers. I think not to the standards of US. It disappoints after walking for KMS. Few countable good ones like Grizly Gulch, Space Mountain, Mystic Manor. Thats it. Very costly.
Not only for children but adults would also enjoy the rides and the theme!one day might not be sufficient to cover the entire park as the rides have long queue so it's better if you start as early and use fast pass
It was a heavy rainy Sunday but due to tight schedule, it was the only possible day we could visit, in the afternoon.Surprisingly, no need to spend hours to line up for the game, some even empty. It was a pleasure enjoy the not so crowd Disney Hong Kong.
Being from Los Angeles and spending the past 3 years in Orlando, You can say I was raised as Disney kid. Just getting to Disneyland Hong Kong was a nice adventure. The subway MTR ride was so much fun. The park itself like every other Disney park was pristine. We made the decision to arrive early, just before they opened the gates.... and that was the right choice. We were able to visit every attraction ride that we wanted to see without the long lines you get at their counterparts in America....At a price that is about 1 2 as much. The differences in some the attractions were a pleasant surprise to say the least. Space Mountain is a new version and the Jungle Cruise was just amazing fun. The food was also different in a good way as well, not as much as a Carnival type of restaurants. Looking forward to our next trip back to Hong Kong Disneyland and our 1st visit to the new Shanghi park next month..
This is by far the most convenient place to stay at when visiting HK Disneyland. The building and foyer are lovely, rooms are a bit tired however spotless. I really value cleanliness in hotels so was really happy with that aspect. Pool area is nice enough and they have lifeguards on duty the whole time. Breakfast at Enhanced Garden is ok, definitely not worth the cost but it was an enjoyable experience for our 4 year old with the visits by Disney characters. Food at Walts cafe is way overpriced for the poor quality it serves. Overall this was a fun, enjoyable experience, not quite good value for money but nonetheless caters well for the Disneyland tourist.
As it was winter time in HK, it was perfect for visiting Disneyland.  There are so many rides to go on and many places to look at.  Great train ride around the park.  The end of day fireworks are spectacular and not to be missed!!
I had very high expectations based on visiting Disneyland in California when I was about 8yrs old. I must say, I certainly viewed Disneyland differently as a child. Don't get me wrong, we had a fun day. We went on a couple of rides (fairly mild imo).The souvenirs were expensive, but that is kind of expected at this type of attraction. If you have kids, for sure take them there. If your a Disney fan, you really can't miss it. If you have the afternoon and a couple thousand kh$ to kill, than by all means check it out.
A place that is a must visit !! Everyone in the family is bound to enjoy.. be it the wonderful characters come to live that one has seen from childhood, or the wonderful shows or rides. Not sure who enjoyed more, my kids or me or who was more excited on seeing the Mickey! the Donald Duck! the Buzz Light year!
We absolutely happy and have fun at Disneyland Hongkong. This is our very first time to visit Disneyland and my family totally enjoined because of it's modern and staff. They were so enthusiasm and smile. Let's come and enjoy!
With what I would class as only 2 major rides not a great deal to keep older children occupied. Everything you expect from Disney  including characters and parades (unless it's raining) Overall a bit of a let down especially for those with US Disney experience.
Great day out . Easy to get to via train .staff very organized and helpful . Food good quality and easy to get served. Well set out .
As Disney fans we had to go to Hong Kong Disneyland to see how it compared to the others we have visited. It was so quiet compared to WDW in Florida, walking straight onto rides. Indeed many rides only opened an hour after the park opened. It was clean and just like WDW. It isn't as big as WDW and there is only 1 park but is definitely better than Paris.
The park is overall very nice...The toilet are big , clean and spacious and aircon.However, I would like to comment on a resturant which sell Japanese food, Indonesia food and Asian delight. I ask for a plate of breast meat chicken rice which was cost me hkd $139 and they gave me most it with little eat and more bones... The aircon sitting area was very poorly lit when my husband was eating the chicken rice he accidentally swallow a small piece of chicken bone!!! The food was expensive and taste lousy with the poorly lit sitting area. I hope Disneyland can do something to improve this resturant
Good place for family visits. Long walks and many attractions have a wait queue. Better to avoid the weekends. We spent the whole day on a saturday but there was no parade as is usual in the LA Disneyland
The park opens around 9am so be sure to visit early to avoid long lines and crowded attractions. For first timers, I suggest you grab a map so you don't miss any attraction or ride. Meet and greet Disney characters and have your photos taken with them. Expect to bump into Mickey and Minnie Mouse, Goofy, Pluto, Donald and Daisy Duck, Chip and Dale. Enjoy Main Street Entertainment as a musical band offers lively New Orleans style music, and Disney Characters amuse everyone with an interactive celebration in Flights of Fantasy Parade. Make all of your storybook dreams come true by exploring the fairytale adventures in this enchanted land.  My visit to Hong Kong Disneyland is definitely one for the books! We missed some attractions and rides but we more or less experienced majority of the theme park's best attractions and highlights.
We visited Disneyland with our 24 month old and 9 month old. They were both pretty enthralled, although obviously we were limited with the parts of the park that were suitable for them.We stayed for most of the day with the kids taking turns sleeping in the prams. The parade was awesome, and Mickey and Minnie made an effort to high five the kids   which was a real highlight!The queues weren't too bad   twenty minutes at the most, although some were up to 30 minutes but we skipped those.
Unorganised. Chaotic when it was raining. It was raining heavily when we reached. We had purchased the tickets online beforehand. The E Tickets machines malfunction and we had to queue with those tourists that purchased the tickets manually. It defeat the purpose of purchasing the tickets online. Moreover, it was raining cats and dogs. My children were all drenched. Was been informed that no selfie stick are allow. Ridiculous ! 9 out of 10 tourists are using. There are ppl out there who don't understand the word 'queue' or are we the only stupid ones that queue. I do not want to name the country as it will be a disgrace to our own race. I would like to suggest Disneyland to give out q number to be fair to those who queue foolishly (like us). Food options are limited. Toilets are clean.
It is surprising that disneyland only got 4 rating. It is worth to be 4.5 something. Everything is great the management is superb. You need to manage your time well if you want to watch the show. It is worth it
Mini Disney. Train makes only 1 stop. A number of major attractions being upgraded so were closed. Nice afternoon and evening parades. Fireworks were  spectacular but seating is very limited so stood for 30 minutes. Seniors purchase passes direct from Disney.
I wasn't really sure what to expect. We did the train that delivers you right to the park.  Very convenient.  It's a small park with decent rides.  Extremely clean.  Good service.   Great for little kids who may be intimidated by over the top rides.
The park is small and some great rides closed in the limited number of rides that they have. The biggest thing missing in the park is the not so friendly staff missing the expected Disney smile and courtesy be it the ride operators or folks in the restaurants. Not recommended if you are a big fan of the  Happiest place on Earth  way of functioning of US Disney parks which they take literally
You can expect the same service  amenities as in the States. Rides are good, specially the grizzly gorge. Food is available (they sell corn on the cob everywhere!). The castle is underwhelming, though.  I would highly recommend.
Before my trip to Hong Kong, I received some negative feedback about Disneyland. But with my 2 kids around, I still chose this place to visit, and it surprised me at the end and I was happy with my decision. The staffs were polite and kind to my kids. But try to visit this place during nice weather in HK
Very Good place  if you have vacation to Hong Kong with children. They will be happy playing with All Disney's Characters..
Went to this place last year. The place quite nice, the girls will love this place but not for my son. He was not really enjoy this place because he said this place is for girl mommy . Many cute stuffs here so i think i am the one who enjoy this place    . But when you are in hongkong i suggest to visit the place. Easy transportation stop at sunny bay station change to disneyland train.
Wonderful day for adults and kids alike  terrific rides and fun attractions   don't miss it if you go to Hong Kong................
When I arrived at the Hong Kong Disneyland,it started raining. So I decided not to buytickets to enter the place. For senior citizen( 65 years of age ) it was only HK$100 for the entrance fee. I didn't feel sorry as I havebeen here many years ago. Having also beento both Disneyland in Anaheim Californiaand Disneyland Paris (Euro Disney) I foundthat the floorplan landscaping is the same asHong Kong Disneyland. Worth a visit !
Plan your visit time carefully as this park can get really crowded. We tried to visit on other occasions but the line at the entrance was too daunting. We ended up going on a slightly rainy Saturday, and the lines were not bad at all. If you have never been to Disneyland world before you will have a wonderful time. It is a magical place. I was a little disappointed, though, because it was lacking some of iconic rides from Disney World in Orlando and Disneyland in Anaheim such as the Haunted Mansion and Pirates of the Caribbean. It is small in comparison to the other Disney parks including Tokyo Disney but still has the basics you would expect such as the castle, the parades, Space Mountain, etc.
Easy journey from our hotel to the Sunny Bay MTR if you are on Yellow Line. When boarding the train from Sunny Bay to Disneyland, the fun begins. Mickey and friends decorated train with cushion seating as well as plenty of space if you have a stroller. Reached the destination, there is old fashioned decorated lift if you are carrying stroller besides the washroom. Exit the station and a long walk of about 100m to the ticketing counter and the entrance. It was a sunny day if you go in June, so remember umbrellas, sun screen and raincoat too.Reached the entrance of the ticketing counter you need to go through the security counters where they will searched your bag. Dried food and water are fine but not other cooked food or drinks. Then ticket counters on both left and right of the main walkway. I bought the ticket online so just go there show your email confirmation and the credit card that you used to purchase the tickets. After that is another long queue to pass through the ticket scanner with plenty of staffs to help.Once in, you can get the map to the Disneyland. We were there before it starts to open, thus the main street was open but not the rest of the land. Basically there are couple of lands available that you can check online.Few things to note, drinkable water can refill outside the washroom but not all. Snacks stall is available at each land. You need to queue for any photo session with your fav disney characters. Most of the shows are in air conditioned enclosed area. Parade is towards the late evening followed by the fireworks. Get your return tickets is recommended else long queue at the MTR ticket counters when all rushing out of Disneyland. Plenty of dining place serving western and eastern cuisines. Bring raincoat if you do not want to be drenched in the rainy season.
Great place to visit. Stayed at Hollywood Disney or 2 days.. Nice attractions and the Parade and Fireworks show are not to be missed...
Well , we found what we had expected to   Disneyland ! Full of fun , attractions , good atmosphere ! Many places to have rest , to have a drink or snack . Attractions cover all age range , even for old guys like me and my wife was fun !Although   I expected a bit more ...
We were here to celebrate my son's birthday and we definitely enjoyed it. The weather was a bit gloomy but it only rained a little bit when we were there. We loved the shows especially the one inside the theater. Food was great but of course it was pricey. We love the rides especially my son and we will definitely come back if we have the chance!
We spent 2 days with our girls, 9 and 6, and had a fantastic time. Ideal for kids of our age who could go on most rides. Sometimes height can be an issue at theme parks but not in Hong Kong!Sunday and Monday were good days to visit, with Monday being busier which surprised us. Queues were in the range of 5mins (walk straight on) to up to an hour for the main rides on Monday. We managed to time visits to minimize wait times. The only downside was the extortionate prices for food and water. Given the captive audience I understand they need to turn a profit but if you can I suggest you bring your own. Options are limited and I'm still in shock at paying the asking prices. If we had been able to keep the family fed and watered at more reasonable rates then Disney HK would have been a solid 5 stars. Everything else was fantastic. The parades and fireworks were spectacular and the Lion King a must see! Incredibly professional and well run park. 1 day probably isn't enough to enjoy everything and 3 days is too much. 2 days worked perfectly for us.
I went there with my mom and family. My children was happy. And during winter, there was imitation snow.
Hong Kong Disneyland was a nice addition to all the other Disneyparks I have seen around the world. If possible, come late afternoon and stay in the Disney Resort hotel for the night, so you get the benefit of the evening attractions as well!
we went to the Tokyo Disneyland in 2010. the HK Disneyland is a little bit smaller, less rides and attractions too.. but overall, the kids still enjoys it as they met their favourite Disney character (Sofia The First) and managed to take some pics..dining places was plenty. do stay till evening for the parade and fireworks...
As a devout follower of all things Disney, I was disappointed in poor line management, which is not indicative of all other Disney properties.   This was my second visit to the HK Disneyland Park and it was a significant improvement from my 2009 trip.
One of the great experience of the world's best theme park visited ever. My little daughter, AAROHI had a great enjoyment there. We all loved the variety of rides & shows at Hongkong Disneyland. The Disneyland is very clean, superbly managed, well placed, nicely decorated & having all types of food available. One can enjoy a lot which can be a lifetime wonderful experience.
This was my second time in DISNEYLAND and I still fall in love with it! Especially it was December. Tho it drizzled on the day of our visit, it was sooo worth it!There was also the special Frozen part! Christmas Vibe! I will always go back to Disneyland!
We went on a Thursday hence not too crowded. My 8 year old had quite a good time. We started quite late but stayed till the end of the night to watch the lovely fireworks. Blessed with good weather   not many sheltered places to hide if there's rain. Didn't really enjoy the food there as compared to the ones at Tokyo Disney
You cannot do all the rides in one day with a 3 year old; and even on a Monday with lots of rain, typical waiting time for rides was about 20 mins.Some of the rides are nice, very well maintained ( that's what you expect from Disney land) and the staff very help full.Food options  not very exciting in the fantasy land area, or the tomorrow land area , but the main street has 2 restaurants that's okay  specially if you have vegetarian in the family.Overall  one day is good enough, if you catch both the day and evening parades! And very well connected by train from Hong Kong station  takes 30 mins to reach.
A very good day out, smaller than California but still very enjoyable if you love Disney! Very clean and tidy and well set out, lots of souvenirs and merchandise. Plenty to do and a very enjoyable day, all staff are extremely friendly and helpful. Another must do in Hong Kong!!
Disneyland, anywhere, is always a great place to go, particularly if you are traveling with kids. A 1 day trip is enough, though.
This is the second Disneyland I have been to after the one in Anaheim. It was my first trip to Hong Kong however and perhaps the review I'm leaving is due to having not experienced the culture here or the people, but it was my experience.The pushing and shoving to get onto each ride was ridiculous. Mothers yanking their screaming children past others to get good seats. I was trodden on multiple times, had my face scratched by umbrellas and selfie sticks (which are prohibited but not policed). On every ride we went on all you could see were the flashes from cameras. On the Mystic Manor ride you couldn't see the projections because everyone was filming it.Aside from the other people there, half of the park was not open. There was a typhoon warning 3 when we arrived and were told none of the outdoor rides would be open at all. Then when we left at 2pm we were told the outdoor rides were about to open (good thing we didn't leave). All the while all of tomorrow land was closed.We ended up going on about 4 rides multiple times as they were our only options, while getting pushed and shoved and blinded by flashes.
My family and myself Went back again to HK Disneyland after 5 years. The experience at the park never ceases to amaze us. The rides and the park ambiance remains to be well maintained, clean and very conducive for family enjoyment. Though it would be best and recommended to visit the park during winter season due to the cool environment, our visit this time was during HK summer so it is quite hot while moving around. Generally, the park remains to be an enjoyable destination for us.
Small compared to Disney World but really good for our 6 year old and us being grandparents. Lines were seldom long, but it was a Tuesday.  Various rides. Weren't open when we were all there and we didn't know why
Must must visit for everyone from all ages. The rides are not adrenalin fascinating but lion king musical and few other rides are recommended.
Another must go place while visiting Hong Kong if you have never been to Disneyland. I was never put high expectation before went to Disneyland. But once I was entered the entrance and see the buildings and mascots, I was like back to child again. You must need a whole day visit over there, and must stay until end for the fireworks show! That's super duper amazing!!
Suddenly I was child again, admiring the cartoon characters that I grew up with. I was told this park is smaller. Never the less, it is magical! everything is larger than life. They project positivity and innocence everywhere. This is truly magical experience, Disney brand touches you, elates you, laughs with you, enjoys with you, delights you and packs that extra element of surprise everywhere that automatically draws WOW response. There sure is LION KING show which was simply fantastic The afternoon parade of characters led by Mickey is simply fantastic. The evening Light parade awesome...and night fireworks tops it all. You do not get a second to think..there is punch coming every other second and you are left yearning for more. There sure are rides.. some real some take you to world of fantasy..Parachute Ride is lovely but the star attraction for me was the photo opportunity with your dream characters. Avoid Saturday   sundays.. the park will be crowded and waiting time at rides will be very high. You pay once at entry and then all rides are free.. you can enjoy same ride number of times. Outside food is not allowed. One bottle of water is all you can take inside. There are number of eating options though. One foodcourt was serving 20 national cuisines. Make sure you reach early at 10 and leave only after the last fireworks show at 845 pm. This way you will be able to enjoy the magical experience for a long time
Hong Kong Disney is the smallest of the Disney Parks but it is still just as magical. We went in late April and found it to be relatively quiet. Would highly recommend visiting during this period if you can as you could always find a seat at the various eating spots and the longest lines were for Character greetings. Wait times for Space Mountain were 5 minutes all day on both days we visited. Mystic Manor was completely unique and Toy Story Land was cute.
A must attraction for kids. Avoid travel in summer as weather really hot & humid. Kids enjoyed shop at souvenir shop, many items to choose from. Love the Pandora cham which is limited edition only can find at HK Disneyland. enjoyed watching the parade show.
this was our 3rd time and went there to check the new attractions. the day was almost enjoyable until we had our lunch at Clopins festival of foods   particularly this lady and guy manning the centre portion of the fast food. THEY WERE SO RUDE! Now am not surprised why this place is loosing to Ocean park its because of these types of people with ill manners and bigots! Disney needs to call their attention and have them re trained to be customer oriented.
Me and my family really love disneyland . We feel like a children again this place is highly recomended for family. The cleanliness of the place .The food , rides everything in disneyland is worth to go for even it's far from the city . All the staff are friendly how wish they put a shuttle from the parking to go inside the park
Hong Kong Disney is more along the lines of Disneyland California as far as size goes. If you're used to Disney Land or Disney World, you will appreciate that that the lines for attractions are almost non existent....at least thats how it was on our beautiful Thursday at the park. Admission is much cheaper than in the states but once you're in....well it's Disney..what do you expect. It has some of the rides you're used too (Small World, Space Mountain, Jungle Cruise) with a few you may have never seen before. The Electric Parade was AMAZING and the fireworks were pretty good too. We were only staying in Hong Kong for the night and realized that our airport hotel was only a few minutes away so we decided why not!
It's beautifull, it's green, it's well maintained, it's mostly well managed.There are various attractions and amazing shows.The food, services and facilities are excellent.Just avoid the crowd on Public holidays and Sundays or be prepare to queue for a long time at each spot.Nevertheless, I would not recommand this park for teenagers and adults (except with little ones) because they could get bored. It is very different from American or European DisneyParks and is clearly dedicated to the youngest ones here. Pricey too.
This was the second time we visited this Disney resort. The first time was in 2011 and we thought it was a great relaxing experience. Flash forward to the present and after numerous expansions the park is better than ever, with Mystic Manor being the best ride the world, but there are also more visitors, and mind you these visitors are something to be reckoned with. A nice relaxing trainride around the park becomes a cacophony of screaming people with the cast members constantly asking visitors to stay seated. Watching a parade becomes a daunting experience because people literally stand in front of you or will weasel their way in albeit the parade being almost over. Chinese people don't care for personal space and don't get me started about the visitors from India. Be prepared for people constantly cutting in line because their family is waiting at the front of the line........Park rules forbid these kind of actions but almost everyone makes use of this trick, it is quite frustrating. If you are in Hong Kong don't let these things hold you back but consider yourself warned!!
This is our second time to visit this wonderful park, first was 2010, and this June 2016 but still you can see the smile and happy faces among all the people regardless of ages and races, they were all very happy.
This is a smaller version of other Disneylands but was still a great day. There is no need to stay in the resort as it is fast and simple to catch the MRT out here. We had a great day even though the weather wasn't any good. Expect the pay a lot for average food so if you are picky eaters then bring it with you
There's nothing special. Too expensive. The most popular attractions were closed. It wasn't beautiful the whole park. Better visit Paris or Tokyo Disney. I was disappointed and felt like throwing my money into a garbage bin.
We bought our one day ticket passes at the CTS counters upon arrival at the airport for HKD490 each versus the posted price of HKD539. We scheduled our visit on a Thursday hoping the theme park would not be as crowded. On visit day, there was a huge crowd at the entrance gates. Well, it is Disneyland. Happy and excited faces.Our main objective is the highly rated Mystic Manor at the Mystic Point. We proceeded there following the park map. We were not disappointed. A masterpiece of a ride. We went about the other rides   winnie the pooh, autopia, its a small world and buzz lightyear blasters. The big grizzly mountain runaway mine cars was a blast too. But the best of them all is the Festival of the Lion King show at the Adventureland Theater. DO NOT MISS THIS ONE.We liked our continental lunch (Royal Banquet Hall), snacks (Starliner Diner) and Asian dinner (Explorer's Club Restaurant). Price range of about HKD100   150 per meal   per head gives you a full and hefty meal to last the entire day.Parades and other shows throughout the day. Efficient and fast moving lines at every ride. We took the Mystic Manor a second time at night. I could just imagine the crowd volume on weekends & holidays. The only drawback was the intense heat during our visit but I wonder how it would be like when it is raining.The finale was of course the fireworks at the Sleeping Beauty castle at 8:45 pm. People flocked to the Main Street USA leading to the castle for a better view. Whether you are near or far, the fireworks display is amazing. Brings back the child in you.Expect heavy volume of crowd at the close of the park towards the exit gates. We stayed at the nearby Disney's Hollywood Hotel and took the shuttle going back. It saved us time and hassle of taking the mtr or taxi. We were spent and dead tired at the end but was all worth it.
This is the smallest Disney park I have seen, especially with no crowds. I was done in a day. Anyway, it is still Disney, and it was enjoyable. The advantage was you don't need to wait in line for hours like California Disney and World Disney in Florida.
Rides are just typical Disney rides but not as exciting as those in Disney LA Florida. Food selections inside Disney Hong Kong are a bit pricey though they allow visitors to bring in food and water beverage. The  Mickey and His Wondrous Book Show  is very nice and worth the long queue. The night parade the fireworks are all worth the waiting time (until closing) especially if it's your first time visiting a Disney theme park.
Easily accessible by train. You can walk from the station and it takes hardly 7 8 minutes. If you reach early just as it opens and plan your trip on a weekday, you can see the entire park and do all the rides in one day, with time to spare. We actually had time to sit and laze around with a cup of coffee while our daughter jumped around. The food options are pretty limited and expensive, so better to carry your own soft drinks. They cost about 30 HKD in the park. Staff is courteous, as expected from a Disneyland, rides are safe and nice. But it's much smaller than the USA ones and that was a disappointment. Buy tickets on klook to save money.
I'm a 20 year old young adult when I went here, and I almost forgot that I am 20. Sad thing was that we don't have a lot of time to roam around. Hong Kong Disneyland is really big and I was like I went back on my younger years.
My students and I had a blast at Disneyland. We arrived in the afternoon but managed to take about 70% of the rides. It is warm in June so there weren't much people. We went for the rides without having to queue much. A few of the more exciting rides were closed for maintenance. There were 2 restaurant serving halal food. We had our dinner at a restaurant serving international halal food.
The parades were all enjoyable. Character appearances were on the dot. Staff and crew were all accommodating. Too bad the roller coaster was still under maintenance. But all in all, a great first trip for us.
I've been to every Disney resort there is and this one is definitely the smallest and least visited but I have no idea why. Shanghai Disney has not opened yet and amusement parks are such huge attractions in Asia. It felt like Disneyland in Anaheim (my favorite Disney park) placed on an exotic island since behind Sleeping Beauty Castle there are mountains and the ocean is not far. Not as many rides as the other Disney parks and it is only one park, but nonetheless it is still a magical time. Lines are very short since attendance is not that high, the hotels are beautiful, and it gives you that Disney feel and you almost forget that you are in Hong Kong, for a second I thought I was in Anaheim. Almost always no wait for Space Mountain.
We were told at the box office that all outdoor rides were closed for the day because of the typhoon warning and only 5 rides open.Very disappointed as it was the only day we had to visit before returning to Australia we paid and entered.After 1pm the Typhoon has dropped a lot of rain and they opened all the outdoor rides one by one, slowly.We were lucky.Hong Kong Disneyland is very good. We visited Paris Disneyland in 2015 and it was tired, dirty and quite rundown and a big disappointment having been to California and Florida Disney.Hong Kong have done a great job. Very clean, a few different variations of favourites like Mystic Manor have been overhauled and are v good.Overall a great day with the highlight being the night parade, extraordinary, brilliant, exciting, colourful etc!Also, a big plus.... During the 2 hour long downpour from the Typhoon many Characters made themselves available undercover for pictures and to entertain a wet, and uncomfortable crowd, so WELL DONE Disney!Finally, although not as big as America, worth every penny to see it!
this park is a small park for disneyland, but, very fun to go see.  it's not as crowded as others also...
My kids had a grand time in Hong Kong Disneyland even though it was a rainy July. They enjoyed the rides and when the rain poured it gave us enough reason to buy the theme Park's raincoat. The fireworks and night parade was an enjoyable activity for all ages. It caps the whole day experience
we really enjoyed the trip to disneyland. you should be aware of the show timings, so plan your day accordingly.Both the live shows were amazing. children enjoyed the rides very much.Mystic manor was impressive.2 days is ideal but if planned well, can be done in 1 day. both the parades and the fireworks at the end were a delight to watch.
We took the MTR(underground) from Hong Kong island and the journey was under 45 minutes. Our family arrived at Disneyland at 10am which was half an hour before the park opened. The queue for the tickets was short and we got our tickets in 5 minutes. You should consider buying your tickets online before you arrive in Hong Kong as some cheaper family packages could only be purchased online outside Hong Kong. It was a hot day but the kids enjoyed the rides very much. Most of the queues for the ride were only 5 to 10 minutes. The longest queue was only 15 minutes! We have been to this theme park many times and this was the shortest waiting times in our experience. I wonder whether this was due to the impending opening of the largest Disneyland theme park in Shanghai. The night parade and the firework display was excellent. The shows were in English with Chinese subtitles. Overall it was a very pleasant experience.
Was a nice experience as there weren't much crowd, queue system was in order.   Would be good if the park can introduce more English speaking theme....  Logistic n infrastructure wise, they were all well within expectations...
Of course it's not Florida but still magical. I used to feel guilty that I hadn't taken my son to Disneyland but am glad I did at this age. At 11 he could do all the rides. He loved the Runaway Miner's train. If the line is long you can give the car one   Automania a miss. I enjoyed the Lion King show. We missed the space mountain since it was closed. It is hot, so carry lots of water. Food is available but a little pricey
This is my second time going to Hong Kong Disneyland and still counting. If you only have a day at the park then I recommend that you start your day ahead plan before of where to go and take note of the show schedules so as not to run out of time. For me it is better to go during weekdays than weekends. Mystic Manor, Mickey's Wondrous Book, Mickey's Philharmonic, It's a Small World are a must for young and old. RC Racer, Space Mountain, and the roller coaster at the Grizzly should not be missed by thrill seekers.
Expensive entertainement. Lot to walk and long queues at all the shows. We wasted lot of time waiting in queues which is not good. the book show was pathetic. Dont go for it. Lion king show is best.
Kids have a great time...get good walking shoes n well hydrated. Older children enjoy more. If u want to skip lengthy queues go as a single rider
If you are expecting something as large as the Disneyland in California, you might be disappointed but if you are looking to have a great day out, this is the place to go. We travelled in May and there were no queues to get into the park and the maximum wait for any ride (the railway) was about 20 minutes. Most other rides and attractions such as the Lion King show you could just walk in without waiting or with only a 5 minute wait which was great. On some rides we came out and went straight back in again. Some of the rides in Tomorrowland were closed because they are making a Star Wars attraction I think. We got a taxi to the park from Kowloon and it was about a 20 minute drive. We originally thought we would get the MRT back to Kowloon but there was no queue at all for the taxi so again this was our choice. This was surprising as we expected it to be very crowded with everyone leaving the park at the same time. Eating options in Disneyland were limited because some of the restaurants were closed due as it is the low season but there were still plenty of options. We ate lunch at a restaurant next to Mystic Manor and had dinner at a restaurant at the end of Main Street. Make sure you stay for the parade in the evening as it was magical and the fireworks after it were wonderful. We had a great day   even without any kids.
I have been a consistent patron of Disney for years. I never miss a trip to Disney for all my travels. Their rides are still enjoyable no matter how many times you ride ... making it timeless. New attractions and shows are being introduced. My rant is that there are an increasing number of queue cutters or line breakers. Be careful not to let your child ride by themselves, they will never be able to.
We went to HKG because of Disneyworld and it was all worth it.Its necessary to take the 2 day pass to complete all the rides as well as to see all the shows and the parades. Do not miss out the parades and the evening fireworks. Do schedule your movement around the park by taking into account the waiting time required for the shows. Also do check in advance which rides are under maintenance by looking at teh pamphlets given so that one can save time. And do carry an umbrella or cap to protect from sun and be ready to walk a lot
Probably the smallest disneyland in the world.It is good enough for small children. If you have bigger children in seek for a greater adrenaline rush then you would probably be better off at ocean park. Disneyland caters more towards families and are more small children friendly with their rides. Their highlights would be the Lion King and Storybook shows. The night parade and fireworks displays are both highly worth waiting for.The only reason why you may take more then a day to complete the park would be the length of the queue during peak periods.There is a good variety of food and restaurants available. Not much shelter if it rains though.
I visited HK Disneyland with my family in January 2016. We visited here right after we visited Ocean Park in Hong Kong. We had not planned for the visit but we took a cab there from our hotel in Kowloon (the fare was approximately 200 HKD as I remember) and bought tickets there that morning. There is also an option to take the metro there but we did not use this facility. There was a little bit of rain and it was very overcast so we were apprehensive initially, but it didn't rain too much and we had a lot of fun! There wasn't too much of a crowd on the day (perhaps due to the weather), which made it all the more fun. In comparison with Ocean Park, Disneyland is much smaller and doesn't have as many 'grown up' or thrilling rides, but has its own special charm. The food here was great   we had the caramel popcorn and other snacks from the carts and for lunch we had the Indian meals at the Tahitian Terrace. The staff throughout the park are very friendly and extremely professional. My favorite rides were the Runaway Mine Cars in the Grizzly Gulch, the RC Racer and Space Mountain. There is currency exchange facility available at guest services by the entrance in case you need some cash as there are places where you may need to spend cash (eg. the food carts). You can take advantage of the Fastpass facility at certain rides in case of long queues.Overall we had a great day here!
Admittedly this is not the most colorful or glamorous Disney theme parks. But it is compact and has all the essential rides. especially for people traveling with young kids, I think we can all agree that the smaller footprint is just fine.Food is a bit pricey and lines are long with limited tables. That is the only thing I am picking on...
On a trek to visit all the Disney's in the world, this is the first I've visited outside the United States. I went on a nice and sunny day. I think this park is comparable to Disneyland in California. It's basically, small. Intimate. And for my purposes of a little fun and explorations, perfect. It wasn't busy so I didn't wait more than 10 minutes for any ride. I actually rode RC Racer twice. I like that it had some rides that were universal to other parks like Space Mountain and Its a Small World. But there were other attractions too which I enjoyed, unique to this park like Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars and Mistic ManorOverall, great park! I'd definitely return.
This is an amazing place and i thought this attraction is only for kids but me and my wife also enjoyed it. so many things to do and two days were not enough.
We visited on Monday only to find 2 of the main rides closed (space mountain and the runaway train) We were only advised of this after we purchased our tickets Considering the park is so small this led to a very disappointing dayThere were no details of this on the website and no ticket reduction offeredIf we had been made aware of the closures we could have arrange an alternative date when I'm sure would have fully enjoyed the Disney experience despite it being a small park.
me my wife two of our kids and tow of our grandkids had such an amazing time great entertainment food was so good
It was a great sunny afternoon to visit this wonderful attraction. Being a Monday, it was less crowded and waiting time for the rides was bearable. Unfortunately, the attractions at Tomorrowland were under improvements. Without those thrills and action, it was quite a disappointment. Felt a bit short change.
Compared to the Disneylands in the USA it's a bit small but none the less a lot of fun activities available for the whole family.There is a mtr station at the door step making it easily accessible.Downside when I visited were the queues.very long lines for any activity and found it very crowded also....might have been due to the school holidays.
One of the perfect enjoyable days I have spent at Hong Kong.  will organized place, and too diffcuilt to see all in one day  transportation to  from are very nice
Fun for all ages i am 54 my wife 28 our daughter 6 and we all had funEasy to get to via mtr once you got there on the mickey mouse ear train from Sunny Bay you are in the mood for a magical dayIt was my daughters birthday there was a filipino band who played happy birthday for her. They also included her in the afternoon parade which made her day.The Lion King show was great the parades excellent and the rides good fun for all ages. The queues are shorter than Anaheim or Orlando Disneyland which i went to in 1997Overall a great day out for all the family my only slight negative is the price of food and drink
There will always be naysayers in everything, so not everyone will agree with me. But to me Disneyland is the happiest place on earth... Period. I am lucky enough to have gone to the Disneyland Anaheim, and made a promise that when I have kids of my own, I will bring them to Disneyland. This trip, I fulfilled that promise, with my 4 year old. Its not the only Disneyland that I will go to, it will not be the last time I will be at any Disneyland. The magic of Disneyland is very alluring. Its clean, and everyone is having fun! Even in searing heat and scorching sun, parents and kids queue for rides, or to take photos with the favorite princesses or characters, and Mickey Mouse. And this journey starts the moment you enter the Disney train. The whole experience is just something you can explain with words. Yes, the place isnt the cheapest place to have fun. I suppose fun does come at a price. But to me, what makes it all worth while, was those smiles and laughter, those instance of pure bliss and genuine happiness on your child's face. Those are just priceless. For anyone who has kids, or want to be a kid for a day, and you are in HK, you just have to go there. Make it 2 days!
This disneyland is much smaller than those in the US, but the weather is often great (warm) and the crowds are much smaller. We went during the week, and as soon as it opens (10am i think)   can definately recommend. We went on the bigger rides a number of times with no waits at all. The extra time that we had because of no queues allowed us to visit some things we wouldnt have usually   the 4d show and another performance   and we ended up loving them the best. However, there isnt much here for adults as far as rides go.
We celebrated my best friend's 25th birthday here and it was the best decision ever!We were there when the gates opened and left when the gates closed. Space Mountain was a personal favorite along with the fireworks of course! The fireworks really make this pace seem like a fairytale   do not miss this.Tip for the ride junkies: the queues for the rides thins considerably after the fireworks so it is a good time to sneak away after the main firework display and experience the rides multiple times. :) :)
This is a small Disneyland and perfect for young children. My almost 3 year old daughter was enchanted by the whole experience, especially meeting the characters and the parades. The night parade is a must! Staff went a mile to make her feel at home and in a special place! Cannot fault Disneyland, what an experience.... Only downside were a minority of rude mainly mainland Chinese tourists thinking it was ok to take pictures and selfies with our daughter without asking   it was not and having blond hair and blue eyes is not an invitation.
 This Disneyland is much smaller than one in Los Angeles but nevertheless fun. The rides are different and creative. Highly recommend to come during a weekday and avoid possible wait. We came on a Tuesday, and the longest wait we had was 30 minutes most rides had a waiting time of 5 10 minutes. Check out the Mystic mansion ride, which shares a similar concept of the haunted mansion in the LA park but with a twist (more fun). It is my fav ride. Toy Story Land has a thrill ride called the RC rider, and it is U shaped coaster (not like a coaster but like the traditional pirate boat ride on a rail). For younger children, Pooh's house is a fun ride to check out! Do note that in May 2016, the Space Maintain is closed, and the Grizzly Mine car was on a two day maintenance when we visited on May 31st. Many Disneyland character showed up during our visit, and families and children can take pictures with them with ones' own phone or have professional picture taken. Food is expensive in general. Though about the same price as in LA Disneyland, they are still expensive overall   about HK $135 (~  US $20) a set of meal, HK $35 50 a snack (Micky shaped ice cream is HK $35), and HK $35 a bottle of water or soda. A key chain goes between HK $65 $135 depending on the material (plastic vs metal vs stuffed animal) and quality. Disneyland cookies and chocolate goes between HK $80 $198 depending on the flavor and quantity. A box of 16 butter cookies costs HK $88 but a box of mixed flavor cookies in an anniversary souvenir box goes up to HK $198.
Great day out for all weather conditions, o,poly around 25 minutes on the MTR from Kowloon, the parade was great, lots of rides and shops too
It's a good place to visit when you go to HK. I just went there for looked around, bought some souvenirs and see parade show of course. Unfortunately, it was rain on that day.
This is by far the smallest Disneyland we've visited compared to the ones in Japan, LA and Orlando, but the kids still love it anyways.Purchase your tickets online ahead of time, and come earlier than the actual opening hours to avoid long lines. Most tour groups arrive around lunch time, so coming early will allow you to enjoy the rides without having to deal with long queues. It's easy to finish an area or two this way. Avoid coming on weekends or public holidays. If you have very young children and have extra budget to spare, book an overnight stay at any of the Disneyland resort hotels to allow them to rest comfortably when they get tired. Then come back in the evening to enjoy the fireworks.
Been to both Anaheim and Orlando, while the design is similar it just doesn't have the atmosphere or Magic of these parks. Barely any rides either. Maybe with small children I would visit again, but not by myself or with friends.
crowded place. food is expensive. if you wanna ride be prepared to wait for 30 45 min to be seated. so its time consuming to attempt to ride and see all attraction on a day. staff speaks minimal English. don't be shocked cause rudeness is rampant and common.you can bring bottled water inside and small crackers only. but if you are a Chinese national you can bring rice meal!!!!!! prejudice, bias and discrimination at its best!!!!
this is not Disney Land it is Disney village... it is very small and not really much to see and do there.... it is really not worth your time or money.. IF it did not have the name Disney attached.. no one would go there.. Disney corporation itself should be ashamed to attach its name to this...Ocean Park is a much more fun and larger park.....go there instead....
The best place in Hong Kong  Kids rocked in this place; memorable trip.  Loads of attractions for all ages.  Good food and the evening extravaganza was wonderful.
The place is magical as described.. the rides have a lot of waiting time but are worth the wait. An awesome experience for the young ones, the place enthralls the adults as well. Do attend the Disney firewall n the Mickey mouse at the end of the day.. the stay in Hollywood hotel is very comfortable. Suggest that u carry enough water n sunscreen as well as sunglasses n umbrellas to neutralize the humid climate
A fun for kids easy to reach and return booking on line may save you from the long queue the food outlets were pretty much expensive those who have been to other Disney lands may find this very small and not worth. the staff looked as f they were miffed by the atmosphere. They should be well trained in order to avoid unfriendliness; since it ought to be the happiest place.
It was all good, just too crowded with mainland china tourists who can be very rowdy and noisy at times. It was very hard to take photographs without blockage.
You become a kid when you are in Hongkong Disneyland.What an awesome experience it is.The shows especially Timon and Pumba show,and the Disney parade is magical.You dont feel like coming back ....
based on reviews and suggestions we opted to go Disney Sea instead of Disneyland and well I am glad we did that, for it not only was different but offered a lot more. I have been to the France DL, but did not get to do any rides due tolong qeues. We ended up doing everything here and stayed in the park till closing. And the fund was multiplied by the fact that it was Christmas and New Year celebrations going on. So special shows. Wow, I would love to do it all over again.
Went there and it was SLIGHTLY drizzling. It was signal number 3 (this was posted but no further details or notes added). Upon paying and entering we found out that NO outdoor rides would open that they and at around 12NN they announced that the fireworks is cancelled. We went home at around 1PM and saw that the line was still long at the entrance, the customers had no idea that Disneyland rides were not to be used that day.A sign outside along the signal number 3 should have been put. What a waste of HK549 and HK109 (food). I went to HK for this.
We had been to hongkong to celebrate our sons birthday.he along with us we all enjoyed a lot and also rides were almost for full family so even adults and kids together had a blast and the parade at the end was not to be missed .
We had decided to celebrate our daughters birthday with a visit here. The entire Disneyland experience was fantastic. In spite of it being a weekday, there was a good crowd. We had to stand in queues for many rides, but it was exhilarating. The food courts were also good. Not to forget the Parade at 7.30 pm and the fireworks display at 8.30 pm.
What can you say! It's a Disney Park and it's loads of fun. It is wonderful to just be a child for a day and play. The Lion King show was amazing, the light parade at night incredible and the fireworks the perfect topper on the cake!
Disneyland is a legend. A place both for young and old. Try reaching the resort around 10 am so you can spend the entire day relaxed. It well connected by MTR.
Our family enjoyed HK Disney   the children are under 6 years of age. So it was good for them. One day there is good   it is much smaller than L.A. Disneyland so you do not need a lot of time. We paid for our tickets at the gate and adult admission is a little high.
After having been to the florida disneyland, we were slightly dissapointed. However, if you have never been there, or you are under the age of 15, you will love the place no matter what. I would strongly recommend to visit during the week and not the weekend. Also avoid school holidays.
Disney evey Childs dream.. For me Mickey and Goofy for kids Poo tiger, Tangled and list goes on and on... We had great time here we as well as our kids both enjoyed to the fullest... With Characters we relived our child hood and kids related too all the Disney characters they see....Used MTR to reach from hong kong and ride was smooth and effort less... You need one full day to cover the park make sure you reach around 9.30am just before the park starts... and the icing over the cake was night fireworks and parade... just loved it.
This is a place where your childhood memories get rejuvenated. Just forget all your worries and tensions and remember those days when you used to spend hrs watching Mickey, Minnie, Donald Duck, Pluto, Chip n Dale cartoons, initially on a black and white television set and later on a colour TV.The place brings back all those sweet memories.If you are visiting HK and wish to visit this place properly and not in a hurry then please take a note that you need 2 complete days to finish the whole park and enjoying each and every ride. Or else you can just buy the single day ticket and enjoy it by visiting few rides but going around the complete place. Be prepared to break your legs by walking a lot. If you are staying in HK city, you can either come by hotel coaches, private tours, metro or cab to this location, but unfortunately all have to stop outside the entrance and then you have to start walking. The actual park from entrance is quite a distance but you can enjoy lot of things on the way.The main Avenue is the place where Mickey and Minnie visit every 2   3 hrs and you can click snaps and spend few minutes with them.The other characters are in and around that locations.It is well organized as they give you all details of timings for visiting these characters during the day. The timings of the parade during the day and also during night is also mentioned so that you can catch the appropriate place in the park for this parade.Rides are well categorized as per the child age and are quite interesting. We parents can also enjoy few of the rides with children.There are lot of staff all around the park who speak English and Chinese and they are very co operative and humble.The most important attraction is the fire crackers show in the night which is a must see.Enjoy you fullest by visiting this place.
Amazing experience at Disneyland. We enjoyed the entire day. The park can be covered fully in one day provided one starts early in the day and on a weekday.  Not to miss the disney parade and great fireworks
Once we knew there was a Disney park in HK it became our mission to visit, Access into park via MTR was effortless and clearly signed special Disney train into resort started experience.We have been to Florida on 4 occasions so was nice to see a little brother!! A lot of rides were closed in Tomorrowland but we managed to get on small world 5 mins wait, mystic manor 5 mins late, Catastrophe canyon 5 mins Winnie the Pooh 25 mins wait !! So generally quiet. Disney is Disney !!!! Clean efficient and does what it says on label !! Value for money???? But a tick off bucket list
Great day   very limited western food options but that is to be expected as it is Hong Kong. Day Parade is great and the Lion King show was really good. The MTR is easy to use to get there. We got our tickets on Klook again so great for discounts.
This is a must destination for family with young kids! Enjoy adventurous rides like orbitron and space mountain in tomorrow land and mine car in Grizzly gulch.Let the kids have fun with cartoon characters like mickey and Donald Duck! Don't miss to enjoy Philhar's Magic and other shows. Truly a fun filled day for a family!
Place is designed superbly . Try to take maximum snaps . Rides are not that much for Teenagers. its mostly or the Children.
Having visited Paris disneyland with our 5 yr old(18 months back) was a pain coz it's massive and has long queues lasting upto 2 hours for every ride. But disneyland HK was way apart. Though it's compact, but the rides are well placed and managed. The day and night parade are just awesome.... the shows gv u a sense of living in a fairytale. My son who is 7 now thoroughly enjoyed the place... all rides all shows the parades and to top it all, the fireworks.Tips   it's best to stay for atleast 2 full days in the Disney property to enjoy the place properly. Start early by 10am and u r done for the day by 9pm. Carry small snackers for kids so that u don't waste tym at the restaurants. Cover maximum rides and shows on day 1 and the fotografy with celebs cud b done on the 2nd day if long queues exist. Parents with very young kids needn't go for the art class etc as the kids won't enjoy them. Check the show timings beforehand and queue at the venue at least 30 mins before the show time.
We would have enjoyed better in the company of children.Easy to access location.A train inside to show you around the entire area.Different sections like Fantasy Land, Tomorrow land, Toy land, Adventure land etc giving multiple options of rides, workshops, shopping, refreshment, road parade and everything else expected in a Disney park.Rtn.J.Ganesh
Bought the tickets via Klook. A bit cheaper than normal and you wouldn't have to queue. Just show the QR Code at the entrance and zoom your way in. Great for family and kids. Plenty of rides and shows for the entire family. Food throughout the entire park. For those thrill seekers expecting extreme rides would be disappointed as there are only 3 of them. I would range them mild. The highlight of the Park is the fireworks show towards the end. It is worth the wait.
The disney land is an amzing experience as the parade at the night was just beautiful. The fireworks in the night were amazing.
Enjoyed the entire day in Disney.  It was so much of fun.  We had to do alot of walking but it was worth it. The parade is beautiful.
If you seek thrilling rides, this isn't the place. It's more for kids and adults who still act like kids.Many of the same rides are present, but overall it is smaller than the Disney's of USA.They lost a star for having Space mountain closed they day I was there.
This was the high point of our visit to Hong Kong as we have never been to any other Disneyland. It was meant to be a treat for our 10 year old daughter, It was great fun for the parents as well. We got the tickets from China Travel Service. A friend booked the tickets from TST and we got a good deal. Do not miss the musical shows   the Lion King and Mickey's Wondrous Book check the timings and be sure that you are in the vicinity of the show. We went mid week and avoided the crowds as a result we could rush back for multiple rides as both wife and kid are adrenaline junkies. While outside food is not allowed they make an allowance for baby food. I have also seen people bring in crackers and nuts. There are many drinking water fountains inside.
Imagine Disneyland, now shrink it in half, now shrink it in half again. Make sure you shrink the main Castle down to about 25% as well. Now, all of the rides for people over the age of 10, remove them! Ok, now with the small amount of things we have left, just for fun, let's also close a bunch of rides and restaurants for repairs and renovations! But here's the really fun part, let's charge full price! ($96.00 AUD for one day!) Welcome to Hong Kong Disneyland! Oh wait, let's make sure we charge ridiculous prices for food as well! ($17.50 AUD for a Cheeseburger Meal!) and while we're at it, let's open the place for 3 or 4 hours less per day than other Disneylands! In the words of Walt Disney,  Give them nothing, take from them everything! This is Sparta! I mean, this is Hong Kong Disney!  While we're at it, let's make sure that staff members don't ever smile! Also make sure they never greet you or farewell you in any store or ride or attraction! p.s. bring your own water because it's so humid you'll need about 3 to 4 bottles for the day and they cost $5 AUD per bottle! Also, just be aware that your bags get searched at the entry gate. Also, just be aware that it's not worth going to Hong Kong Disneyland and they should be ashamed of charging the price that they do!
Hongkong Disney land is just amazing and a picturesque beautifully created theme park, the parade in the evening is very nice and even the train to disneyland is very nicewe got even indian food there so it made wonders, lovely place to be with the family where kids get to be in a fairy land of there dreams
 Too bad the small world area is closed that time.  To maximize the entrance fee you paid, you should allot a whole day there because the cue will take most of your time No good restaurant and expensive as well!  Just roaming around makes me happy Make su
If you are American or travel to the US often, skip the trip out to HK Disneyland. It's the exact same thing with literally only 5 10 products that are unique to Hing Kong and those are mostly key chains and t shirts. Just nothing special for a 45 minute train ride out of town
I went on the only Rainy Day of my trip, And I'm so happy I decided to go then.  The lines were short.  The longest line I waited in was about 15 minutes.    Take advantage of single rider Lines!
Been to here few years back and and this time with new rides , nevrr stop to amaze my daughter. One has to try all the rides! Food in their restaurants have huge portions.. of course the 10th year anniversary night parade added attraction besides the oohhhsome fireworks display..
This was my 2nd time there. I bought the combo entrance from a website 'klook' which was inclusive of the entrance fee & a meal. As there are 13 of us which some were muslims, the only halal cafe will be the one at the Adventureland...& it was closed on that day. It wasnt stated on the Disneyland website or neither am I been notified or been highlighted that the cafe will be closed on that day (when i actually hv to specify the date i am going upon booking). We hv to search high & low for a halal cafe & was given ONLY 2 choices of meal which indeed was lousy taste. Some of the games were closed & the rest does not meet my expectations. So as the parade too...very boring.
My children have always enjoyed Disney especially the shops. They have even asked me to buy 2 day pass which I think not quite necessary since the Disney is quite small. I am fine with it because I am not really into theme parks but I am sure children would love it bigger. The bigger the better! The management is very organized I think and the staffs can all speak good English and are very informative. The foods are okey and expansive of course. The parades both in the afternoon and at night, the new light parade are very recommended. However, one time we came during rainy season and it was such a hassle. Too bad. One time we went in mid January and the It's a small world ride was under maintainance so that was such a disappointment. I would not go back again since I have been a few times but I am sure my children would want to. I would recommend it. But just expect small friendly theme park!
Disneyland is always an attraction by name but once you get to Hong Kong's Disneyland, you are in a totally different world. The staff are amazingly nice and are willing to guide you on how to get around. You can conquer your fears while try some of their amazing activities.Try to go in the morning because it tends to get busy during and the afternoon and on wards, otherwise a night scene isn't bad at all if you are a night runner :p
The park is small compared to other Disneyland I've visited. One day is enough to explore this park. Lovely night parade. Was absolutely magical. The park was clean and well maintained. Toilets were clean too. Worth a visit with kids!
If you have visited the other  Disneylands  get ready for a smaller experience.  Still good for the kids...
Catch the Disneyland train to Hong Kong Disneyland for a great day out visiting Main Street and the many different themed areas. Facilities are good and the park is well maintained. I can't compare it with any other Disney parks because this is the only one in the world that I've visited but it makes for a great day out and the parades are certainly not to be missed.
simply amazing , a must visit place whether you are accompanied with kids or not , this experience worth a try
Kids will absolutely love the place, of course. I have been to the one in Florida and this one is considerably small, but the fun is the same. Had a great day with the very friendly and helpful staff. The usual parades, fireworks, and shows are all here. Many rides for kids and adults, so no one gets bored. Lots of taxis at the end of the day to take you home, which I prefer because of the scenic ride back to town. We spent about 10 hours or so there and although exhausted, were happy.
As a first timer to travel outside of my country, the Philippines, I was hyped and very excited to go there especially at Disneyland. We had a budget set for the four of us, my family, and expected a lot of unexpected expenses. It was cool, the train ride there, the rides, attractions, activities, EVERYTHING. I was living my childhood dream. I didn't expect less, it was what I hoped for. The best part was the castle, I felt like a princess just by looking at it. The food was delightful and affordable. Overall I had fun and if I could do it all over again, I will.
Nice & clean park. Some good rides but could do with updating & some more 'high thrill' rides. Think I was spoilt having done Florida first. Worth a visit. Traveled via the MTR, fast & easy, totally stress free & not heaving for the return at park close as expected.
Dream come true! How i wish i was with my whole family when we went here.There is indeed a tear jerking moment when i saw Mickey Mouse and friends during the Parade plus the most awaited Fireworks before the park closes!!!We were here the whole day! We went on a Monday and its a good idea to go here on a weekday since there were no limited lines on the attractions. And oh I saw Baymax!!! I was able to take picture with him and he's soooo adorable!!!There were wifi's on some common areas at the park such as souvenir shops and the Main Street. Food is pricey we ate lunch here and we paid around HKD 300  per meal head. We also went shopping at the souvenir shop!!! Too bad I was not able to ride all the attractions in Disneyland. Maybe 2 days will do? Ill make sure to go back here to ride the other rides!
The happiest place on earth is Hongkong Disneyland resort. Been there several times and everytime I visited, the magic never seems to amaze me. The crew (which mostly are Filipinos) are very friendly and courteous. They will assist you in every way they can. And Hongkong Disneyland is the nearest Disneyland from the Philippines so expect a lot of Filipinos to flock to the place. This is one place everyone must visit.
Compared to Orlando or even Euro Disney Hong Kong disney is smaller. But the experience is still very much at par with the other Disneyland parks. Its especially great for younger kids , even 4 5 year olds ( since they can sit on most rides) and it doesn't get tiresome   because the walks are shorter. What was upsetting  was that too many rides were shut down   since others were being built, the speciality restaurants also were shut down  and others were rather bland. And finally the Photo Pass was a complete waste because hardly any of the rides were having them ( except one). Shows were nice though. Worth a visit if you are in Asia and want to give your kids their first Disney experience.
I visited Hongkong Disneyland and only one word could describe it.. AMAZING... I felt that I was brought back to my childhood.. Very happy..
I had forgotten what the Disney experience is like. Disneyland was fun and easily accessible. The Disney train from Sunny Bay was lovely.I agree with earlier comments that this Disneyland is smaller than others however we all enjoyed our visit. Also I think this size suited our 2 and half year old and Granny.
I arrived in time for the afternoon parade, there were no queue lines so getting there was breezy. Seeing those disney characters alive was such a joy. After the parade, i was able to take a photo with goofy and pluto, but failed to see Mickey and minnie for it was already 6 in the evening and the queuing lines were closed, such a disappointment. i roamed around only to see that most of the attractions were already closed by 7pm. So i went back to the center only to find out that the evening parade had already started. There were too many people lined along the streets so it was hard to see the remaining of the parade. Lastly, i went in front of the castle, people were already seated and luckily i was able to find my own spot. I waited for at least 30minutes for the fireworks display and it was amazing, just wow!
We attended with our 2 young kids. We had so much fun! Everything was really good I only have two issues with the place: 1. Only a small handful of people were able to take photos with characters. For example, they would only allow 40 or so people, and once the queue was filled they turned people away. Heartbreaking for little kids. 2. The food was horrible. I don't expect much from places like this for decent food, but the food was very expensive and not very nice at all. Other than that I definitely recommend a visit to HK Disneyland!
this park offer you many attraction. not only for children, but adult people also can enjoy this parks attraction. there is a parade at 7.30 pm (you have to watch it). many photo spot and activity you can do. avoid visit at weekend, theres a lot of people.
Disneyland Hong Kong is one of the top travel destination among travelers. I've been there twice and every time I enjoyed it. But very crowed so I would suggest to be there at 9 am.
A must visit especially if you have kids. The Disney express from the sunny bay metro gets you in the Disney spirit. The park puts up a great parade and had lots of wonderful rides.
This is the place that I will keep on coming back. Ive been here 3 times and the excitement is still the same. My daughter enjoyed the place.My best experienced was on the grizzly ride, it was awesome.
Disneyland is a lovely place for kids. The train to Disneyland is beautiful, pink in colour with Mickey's face as windows. Disneyland is also great, specially the evening parade. Couldn't find much to eat in vegetarian. Rides were good. Overall, it was a lovely place mainly for kids.
Wherever you visit in HOng Kong is incomplete without Disneyland. A must see with a nice MTR ride from Hong Kong   Kwaloon Island. Smaller than its bigger ones in Paris   USA, but it happens to cover all prime attractions. The parade is a must watch. There have a night parade to celebrate 10years of Disneyland in Hing Kong in 2016. Lastly followed by fireworks over the castle.Its a paradise for family outing in Hing Kong.
HK Disney was built on reclaimed land (formerly Penny's Bay). When the park initially opened, the theme lands were to the bare minimum. Layout is typical Disney. The architectural design is typical and nice planting design. There are 2 hotels (economical and luxury). Plenty of parking for private cars and buses. It's connected to various parts of Hong Kong and the New Territories by a clean and efficient rail system called the MTR. Every evening they have a nice fireworks display. The Disney experience is the same worldwide. Only the park facilities differ. HK Disney has the basic theme lands.
Really enjoy the show & game here especially with kids below 9yrs. I'm not worry about the food because got 1 halal restaurant served halal meal (The Explores Club). Prayer room do have & located at City Hall. No need go very far away, H.Kong is the nearest to go Disneyland from Malaysia.
I know this park very well because I have been a season pass holder for two years. Of all the Disneylands I have been to this is probably the smallest of all, not quite designed for the western taste, there are very few rides, most of the attractions are just 'photo opportunities' that chinese people love and westernes and not so bothered about. On a quiet day you can ride all the rides at least once some even twice. The park is clean and the staff pleasant. All the queue areas are sheltered to protect people from the sun and rain. Some of the queue areas have ventilators that are much appreciated in thoses hot Hong Kong summer days. The restaurants terrible like all restaurants at all Disneyland resorts I've ever visited. And not cheap. You are much better off bringing your own food. The only thing worth eating are the mickey mouse waffles that they sell on the cafe at the main street, but if you buy one of those, I don't recommend that you sit on the tables at the back of the place to eat it, because it's full of very aggressive birds that steal the food and attack the children. I usually buy the waffle and eat it on one of the benches on the main street. The shops are quite cheap and the quality of the toys is very good, the t shirts are a bit so so. The only problem with the shop is that the clothes are tailored to the chinese taste so if you are a Westener you may struggle to find things that would want to wear and fit because of lack of large sizes.
I've been to this place in 2006 with nephews and nieces, this year with relatives again including 2 kids, 6 and 8. The kids enjoyed, as kids are wont to if there are rides, but there is nothing really new here except that the parade has changed. Except for one, in my opinion, all other food establishments are so so and expensive.
There were less lines when we went after the Labor Day holidays, so we were able to try a lot of attractions. Thumbs up for the Mystic Manor, Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Car, and 3D theater that featured Donald Duck. Bought a ref magnet as souvenir. Their caramel popcorn was good.
I was travelling with my three kids and a friend of mine plus her child.  Disneyland is the place to take 5 12 year olds, the staff were really helpful. The rides good, not long to wait for rides, worth the money
For a pleasant day trip I decided to visit Hong Kond Disneyland. I used the MTR (local trains) to get there and had no problems at all. I had to change trains at Central Station but there are pink Disneyland signs everwhere directing you to the correct train. To know which train lines and which stations to use refer to a MTR map which comes with the free Hong Kong maps you get at hotels and information booths. I went on a Tuesday and there were no crowds at all so I went on many rides. I enjoyed Toy Story Land the most where all the Toy Story characters were represented. There are many rides and attractions and I found it similar to Tokyo Disneyland. Highly recommended for a fun day.
Disneyland is not only liked by Children, but also by elders as well.  Super park with lots of rides, activities, characters, parade etc.  Lot's of entertainment available throughout the day.  Evening Parade followed by Fireworks is amazing.  Children loves the various Disney Characters.
It was an amazing place which can be enjoyed by a person of any age.It is definitely the best place I have ever visited.It was a dream come true.
I loved DISNEYLAND.It was an amazing place and was clean.The shows were amazing      especially The Lion king and Mickey phillar magic.The parade ,paint the night and flight of fantasy were mind blowing.The rides  rc racer ,its a small word ,mad hatter tea cups were brilliant.
We visit at the lower peak season therefore we manage to get on all the rides almost without queuing.Also we manage to take pictures to lots of characters as well. One thing is to ensure you stay till the end for the fireworks as you can't have a complete trip without watching the fireworks display at the sleeping beauty castle
So excited to be with our daughters family. When we stopped at train station there was the Disney train,wow amazing . Don,t want yo tell all don,t want spoil your trip. Your eye are wide open looking this way that way just awesome. If you are a pensioner ask, this was cheaper that kids. Just to sit and see the eye on the faces on the kids and big kids alike. A must trip
I will definitely go back to HK Disneyland. Very accessible through MTR. I suggest you get discounted tickets at Klook.com they have tickets that come with a meal stub too which I think will make you save some money because food inside Disneyland is not cheap. Bring your own water too! And BEWARE of local Chinese from mainland China as they are RUDE and will cut lines. So just beware, have a little more patience because I totally lost mine LOL.
The Hong Kong Disneyland hotel front desk and service crews are friendly and the service is good. The Disneyland park crews not all are friendly. Encountered some crews when we approached them for stickers some give us unwillingly and not friendly. Maybe they have a bad day or hard day at work.We understand and sympathy them as majority of the tourist are from mainland China which are not easy tourist to deal with. Overall experience with the crew are good.Most people reviewed 1 day in the park will be enough to cover it which is not possible. Firstly most rides have long queues, the popular rides queues are even longer wait. The photo taking with the Disney characters are worse as they have limited queues. Some popular characters you have to queue 30 to 45mins in advance if not you will never have a chance to take photo with your favourite character.The shows are another killer too. If you don't queue 45min in advance you can never get to watch it.Tips of the day is to be careful of the mainland China people cutting your queues. They are the expert in cutting queues.The day parade and the night parade are totally different. Worth watching it and staying for the fireworks too.Too crowded to fully enjoy it. And the wrong type of crowd make it worse.
I was taken back to my childhood days, its one of the best in SE Asia, would recommend a trip when visiting Hong Kong.
My Son really enjoy Disneyland, even till today he still telling me about Mickey, Minnie, Donald and daisy. A great place for family
Don't hesitate, go and take the MTR and the Disney train for a day do childlike fun.  Suspend your belief in the adult world and give yourself a treat.  Even with the rain we loved every minute.
A large number of visitors usually start near the entry.Google the rides available before you go and pick as many that you like, but start from furtherest place first then work from back to front so by the time you get near the entrance most of the crowd has come and gone,so lest time wasted.The most popular rides are often magic mountain, the plume ride thru water, the car drive and thunder mountain.See them first,due to long queues.have a happy time
We had gone to ocean park 2 days ago so kid was little irritated as there were less rides for him there but its a treat for small kids in Disney land HK. there are 6 7 sections which have different themes and rides for kids as well as adults . we saw the parade at 4 pm and then again in nightDon't forget to see the fire works in the night
Well I'd never been to any other Disneyland throughout the world. Although HKG Disneyland seems to be the smallest Disneyland, but it's the best theme park that I'd ever been to, and it's definitely worth the rather high price of the tickets.
I have been to Disney in Anaheim and now Hong Kong.Sure, Anaheim is bigger and has more rides, but dont think that makes Hong Kong Disneyland bad... or not as fun.This park is only 10 years old, so the rides are much newer than America, the cleanliness of the rides and facilities are immaculate and the staff are great...The park has 3 'big' thrill rides, and heaps of smaller ones, making it fun for kids and adults... but what blew my mind was the shows   entertainment... they have a full production show of the Lion King multiple times per day, it goes for about 40 minutes and was brilliant, they have the 4D cinema, street shows, etc..My wife and myself arrived at the park about 11am and didnt leave till late (i think it closes about 8 9pm), between rides, shows and shopping it was a full day.. we didnt get bored once, and we kept busy from start to finish (doing some rides multiple times)...We went on a Monday in mid April, and the longest queue times were 5 10 minutes for the popular attractions... so that probably helped make the day fun...
seeing my wife and grown up kids setting foot to Disney is a great delight fpr me....attraction and rides are great...we enjoyed the 3pm parade and the night parade was amazing as well....fireworks show was just normal as we were used to watch PH annual Pyromusical which is bigger and more colorful...overall...it was a great experience which we love to share to our friends and colleagues...
Visit in May, the weather is cloudy and light rain. if you want to experience all the attraction and take photo with Disney character better come at 10.00 am. the parade and firework are awesome. the halal food was so so. Lots of good souvenir with reasonable price.
took the kids to the famopurs hongkong disney land, the park was very small in comparison to the US cousins, some rides where very average and the waiting times where more than an hr , i'd give it a miss if i where back in hong kong.
Was a lovely park only downside was the queues in the heat but that is to be expected at a popular theme park. It is a small park but worth it if you have children
Very well presented. A bit smaller than expected, and both big rides were closed the day we went. Would definitely suit younger children with a lot to see and interact with, but perhaps less to ride than some theme parks.
Its all about disney magic. It truly takes back to your chilhood memories where you once again become a child again seeing all attraction
Loved Disneyland...... Great fun from the time we got there until we left.After reading reviews from other trip advisors, we decided to get an early start. We didn't have time to get tickets before we went, so we got them there. We expected huge crowds & a long queue, but to our surprise, there was no line. There was a bit of a line to get through the gates, but we got it within 5 minutes of gates being opened. The flyer for Disneyland stated that opening time was 9 am, so we got there at that time...wrong....didn't open until 10am, we could have had an extra hours sleep...hahaha.School holidays were finished, so that may account for the fewer crowds, even though it was a Saturday.The park itself was very well set out, we found all areas easily as they were well signposted. The lines for the rides were no longer than 25 minutes, which I thought was good. Would have liked them to have been a bit longer, but I guess they have a lot of people to get through. My favourite was Mystic Mountain. Tomorrowland was mostly closed due to a StarWars construction which unfortunately wasn't finished. I was looking forward to Tommorowland the most, so it was disappointing not to see most of it.The river cruise was fun, our guide was a scream & made us laugh all the way through it.Cinderellas Castle was pretty awesome, so was the train that goes around the park. The souvenir shops had all the same stuff in them, so we waited until we were leaving before buying anything. Everything was reasonably priced, which surprised me. I would have given 5 stars, except the food was atrocious & extremely expensive. The waffles were excellent, but that was all. We went to Grill, a food hall, and ordered a burger n fries. The burger looked like it was made of plastic....didn't taste much better either!!! For 2 burger meals ( burger, fries, water) cost us AU$45. Same thing at MacDonalds cost us AU$20 and tasted better....lol. Unfortunately you can't take food into the park, your bags are checked at entry, so unless you have a bag with a hidden compartment, you have no option but to buy their food. Or have a humougous breakfast...hahaha.All in all had a great time, I would definitely visit again. We have no kids, just 2 oldies reliving our youth, but it was well worth it.
Simply Superb!!!  Its Like Dream Need Entire Day Or Too To Enjoy It At Fullest Nothing To Miss... Fantasy Land Toy Story Land Mystic Mansion Tomorrow Land All Are Great...  Kids Will Love It Start Early And Don't Miss Fire Works At 8:30 Pm
Visiting Disneyland brought out the child in me. An exciting trip, fortunately the lines were not long. Maps are available to easily navigate through the park. Good eating place.
When you're here you are guaranteed to have the time of your life. Avoid visiting during peak season as there are big queues for rides. Get the fastpass this will help you skip the queue. If you missed to take pictures with your favourite disney characters make sure to check with the staff about the return time of the characters. The Disney Parade is definitely must see.December is great time to visit the park, though its very crowded but the entire park is decorated for Christmas, looks stunning at night.
We go to Disneyland twice a year, always around the peak public holidays as its the only time we have off. Therefore, we always purchase the VIP tours as can't imagine queuing up several hrs for one ride with 2 young kids. VIP service is good,and efficient. Rides there cater more for the under 8yr olds. I guess teens would definitely find them too tame. Watch out for the mainlanders there though we hired their push chairs for our youngest child and their name was written clearly in English. After the ride we went to pick the push chair and saw a chinese woman put her child in it and walk off. My husband in his broken mandarin told her that it was our chair. Instead of apologising, she had the audacity to shout and yell at him that the name was in English and why we didn't put a chinese name on it !!! We were in total shock (and so was a guide).
We just came back from Tokyo disneyland and since our kid still wanted to go to Disney, we went there again. The park was much smaller than Tokyo's one. The worst experience was that we faced some guests that did not want to queue in several occasions. The only advantages that Hongkong disney had were lion king show and madagascar which were not available at Tokyo's one.
Very small park and not many places were open since they were creating new rides. Only a few rides were ok like the Mystic Manor and Captain Buzzyear but the train and Jungle Cruise were lacking.
This is my second time to come here, so lovely place to come to, I saw so many new things since 2012, also they were celebrating the 10 aniversery for diseny land hong kong.
One of the few place in Hongkong where I can find hospitality. Timing of shows are available at entrance. That allows us to plan the day. The 'festival of lion king' and 'Mickey and wonderous book'   shows are highly recommended. Downside is the photo taking timing is not available on the brochure and you can only know when you are there. If you are staying at Disneyland hotel, have breakfast at enchanted garden whereby main Disney characters (Mickey, Minnie, goofy, Pluto) will be out to take photos with you. In this way, you can save time queueing to take photo in Disneyland.
Very nice fun for the kid ... Tickets are very expensive and we cannot finish the park in a day !! Better buy 2 day pass !! Family pass is available on concession on the Disney website
We went on a weekday, and never waited for than 5 minutes. My daughter lapped on Grizzly Gulch (amazing coaster...such an innovative tweak of a typical ride) and rode 8 times in a row. Mystic Manor well worth the visit too. Tomorrowland was mostly closed to set up for a weekend event, but there was plenty to do. May not be a two day park unless you want all the shows. Got more crowded at parade and fireworks because they do not keep the rest of the rides going. Fabulous day and while we wouldn't go to HK again just for HKDL, we'd add a (week)day to go again!
Great place for kids to have fun with disney charecters.   should reach early to cover the whole place
The park itself not really big the staff it self not really friendly. I was excited to visit HK Disneyland since i like theme park, and that time was my first time for Disneyland. Unfortunately i was disappointed about this place. I didn't know about other Disneyland but compare to other Theme park i went, i am sorry that i'm not impress. If you guys interest taking photo with Disney characters better to go early and straight away queuing, otherwise there would be long line due to lack of Disney characters.
Never been to a Disneyland before I was amazed at the quality of all attractions, really loved tha Adventureland ride, I would have trouble criticising anything.Besides that as a senior I got entry for HK100 and senior discount on the trains to get there. Wonderful experience.
The pricey ticket is really worth the price. It is indeed the happiest place on earth especially for Disney fans. I suggest you go there during off season so it will be easier for you to take the rides because there are less people.
Right from the entrance, the disneyland is so impressive.....and a huge amount to rides and things one can do is amazing.we were here at 10 30 am , and were here till 8 30 pm, and still missed the opportunity of couple of ridesIT IS impossible to see and and finish so many rides with so many people inside the park.large queues, and some took more than 45 minutes for our turn to come but believe me you will enjoy most of the rides you take..I had a thorough time, and am sure all visitors would say the same..thanx to the excellent weather u dont feel the heat of walking miles in the area..instead it would be fun walking and eating as there are plenty of areas around to eat..
Disneyland in HK is a amazing place for children, the rides there are awesome, there are various types of rides which can cater to all ages. The good part is we could find some vegetarian option in restaurant in Adventure land. But not great food, just can manage.The parade is great and the night show of crackers is a good experience.
Had an incredible experience in the magical Disneyland with my family. Whether you are adult or a child, you will too feel all the excitement and fun in here. Make sure you have more than a day to spare,because it's a huge area with lots of activities happening all over the park. You will find lots of Disney characters waiting to get clicked with you. You will be mesmerised by the parade and off course by the fireworks show in the night.
The place is full of people as expected and so we have to queue for about 30 minutes per ride. We were able to try 6 rides and my favorite is the mystic manor... I think the effects are cool.. We were a little bit disappointed since 2 of the extreme rides are closed   the indoor roller coaster at tommorowland and the grizzly gulch.. However, it was compensated with the amazing fireworks   DISNEY style..;) and so, we still left the place happy and satisfied..The place is very friendly for children but if you want extreme rides, you might enjoy ocean park more than Disneyland..;)Still, if you can visit both, then why not???!!! ;)
Although No more Magic Mountain due to the renovation to bring in Star Wars, we enjoy our visit to Disneyland. Everything was just fun and nice. Although we come during holiday season, it's hard to complete this  small  park in 1 day. We do with that we have time so that we can visit this park 2 days, but maybe next time.
Almost no crowds. I was at what I thought the parade route about 17 min before and no one was around. I asked if the parade was still scheduled and was I in the right place and was told Yes. About 5 minutes before people started coming. Less attractions but enough. They had shows too however singing was in English and rest was mostly in Chinese. Everyone working spoke English.
For Adults, its being nostalgic and for kids, its a wonderland as they meet their favorite Disney characters, click photos with them, See the 3 PM Parade and the fire works at around 8.30 PM. Would advice to go there around 1 PM so that you stay there till fire works else going early may result into fatigue.
This is the smallest of all of the Disney parks, but it is still a great theme park complete with all of the typical Disney touches. It is easy to reach by public transportation (it even has its own MTR line) and costs much less than the other Disney parks.For visitors outside of Hong Kong and Macau, there are currently 2 day ticket passes for $599 hkd. While we were able to accomplish almost everything we wanted to do in one day, the second day was nice to revisit and really see everything. Emphasis is less on big rides and more on shows and other types of experiences. We went on a Monday and Tuesday, and rides like Mystic Manor and Grizzly were 5 minute waits (and both are really, really great rides). On the other hand Mickey and the Wondrous Book and the Paint the Night parade were really crowded (but also great!).Crowds are smaller so expect some restaurants to not open and lands to open in shifts. And if it does rain like it did on our second day, there aren't as many places to wait it out.Not necessarily worth a trip to HKDL as a destination, but if you are in the area and like Disney, you'll definitely like this.
The kids always enjoy a day at Disney.  Our advice, get their early and get it all done by 2pm before the crowds start to really build up.
The Mystic Manor and the Toy Story Land were my favorite. Make sure you watch the parade and the fireworks display.
From the train ride to the entrance and inside the Disneyland, we (the kids and my husband) all felt enthusiastic about the place. We could felt the children's excitement. We were among the first people to get inside when it opened that morning. And we waited until the last fireworks display! It was such a very good experience and worth spending time for parents with the kids.
ONE OF THE MOST EXCITING EXPERIENCES OF HONGKONG .  Your trip to Hong Kong is incomplete without the trip to Disneyland. The experience liberates you completely.
HK Disneyland is a truly magical place. It's smaller than the other parks, but this allows you to actually see everything in a day (albeit a long one). On my third trip there since it opened I was again delighted with my experience. My highlights and must sees are:  Lion King show  Space mountain   Mystic Manor ride  nighttime parade  fireworks The newer lands (grizzly gulch, mystic manor and toy story) offer more rides and attractions. As always, they are impeccably themed. The new roller coaster in grizzly gulch will impress those who are used to the US Disneylands which feature more rides. Tomorrow land is undergoing an extensive renovation to allow for new attractions featuring the Marvel characters and Star Wars. Space Mountain was closed on this visit, but I've been on it before and it's always fun. The Buzz Light year ride is still open with short queues. The fine print:  read the show times carefully and expect the characters to disappear prior to the show parade during the day  use a fast pass if you really want to go on a ride  plan for a whole day   the MTR is the easiest way to access the park unless you are staying at a nearby resort  luggage can be checked in  no selfie sticks allowed   don't take a guided tour   you won't get enough time
Here is the world of imagination, hopes, and dreams. In this timeless land of enchantment, the age of chivalry, magic and make believe are reborn   and fairy tales come true. Fantasyland is dedicated to the young in heart, to those who that when you wish upon a star, your dreams come true.  Walt Disney CompanyEVERYTHING IS EXPENSIVE! :)
Great day out for people of all ages. Easy access using the MTR. Be prepared for large crowds. Wait time on rides was small considering the number of people
I spent 5 hours here and was left feeling a little dissapointed. This was my first time at any Disneyland and I had high hopes of 'magic' and thrills, but only really found these at the live shows which are exceptional and definitely not to be missed. Watching the 'Festival of the Lion King' bought a tear to my eye and 'Mickey and the Wondrous Book' was also excellent, although slightly marred by the technical glitch during the performance. These very talented performers made the entrance price seem reasonable. I also appreciated the Valet service for left luggage, and parcel delivery at the gate to save carrying parcels around with you On the down side the supposed 'world famous' Jungle River Cruise was certainly not worth queuing up for 20 minutes for, and somewhat underwhelming despite our excellent guide Eric's enthusiasm. The 'It's a Small World' ride was awful in my opinion, probably only suitable for very small children. Tarzan tree house is not worth it either sadly. Next time I will bring my children, and stay for the night parade and fireworks display where I'm sure is sprinkled with magic. Also I will purchase from the Disney store at the airport rather than queuing to buy here.
Childhood dream came true for first time like me n the kids.ticket queue was fast n those who bought online tickets have to queue longer.Overall its suitable for kids below 12 as most of the rides are not dangerous.we prefer universal studio singapore better.lack of signs but the cleaners speaks english n will be able to show u directions.For muslim you will have some problem for food.but they did not stop u from bringing your own drink n simple food like bread or snacks.Make sure u watch the parade n wait a little longer for the lighting effect at night.Long queue for train going back to sunny bay.small area n train pack with people.
My wife and I visited HK Disneyland during a layover between flights. We were hoping it would be just like the one in LA. While it was nicely landscaped and pleasant to walk around, we felt that it was very much geared to families with small children     not teenagers or big kids (like us). It had no Indiana Jones Adventure, no Haunted Mansion, no Pirates of the Caribbean, no Star Tours. They were building an Ironman ride though. It seemed to us, that all the types of rides we were hoping for had been replaced with expensive food outlets and gift shops. So the admission cost was not really value for money in our opinion. Fortunately, the park was not that busy, and we didn't have to fight the queues. We did the whole park in about 3 hours, but left feeling disappointed.
Everything about our Disney experience was pure Disney magic. So easy to get there on the MTR and the Disneyland train   30m end to end. From the moment you get off the train you are surrounded by Disney perfection right down to the manhole covers all stamped with the Mickey Mouse icon. The park is geared to hold about 5 times more people than were there so we went to the front of the line straight away on almost everything waiting 5 15 max anywhere including the line to get pictures with Mickey & Minnie   perfect when traveling with a 5 year old. We were there for 7 hours on day 1 and 4 hours on day 2 and could easily have had a third day   so much to see and do   we never stopped and didn't have to wait in line and still only just got around the rides. We did however ride the Buzz Lightyear ride 6 times and Small World twice. We only made it to one show and part of Tomorrowland is closed while they make way for new Star Wars attractions. We saw the 3pm parade on day 1 and both the evening light show and fireworks on Day 2 all of which were excellent. We took our own food (I think they just stop you from bringing packaged goods in like cans of drink because they would breach their licensing arrangements) so I can't comment on the food option but one water and one Coke cost HKG$58 so it's not cheap.
This was not our first visit to Disney HK, in this opportunity was my birthday, we enjoyed the day as usual. The only think was that space mountain was close, but we knew ahead. Not like Disney Florida but it's worth it!!
The day is what you make it!If you decide to spend your day totally annoyed that some of the best rides are closed when you visit you will not have a good time.If you go there and get lost in the magic you will have an amazing time!Great evening parade and space mountain was fun.We suggest going on a Monday as we never has to queue more than 5 minutes for a ride!Stupid 'no selfie stick' rule which seemed a bit pointless.
This is the second time I came to Hong Kong Disneyland and this time I can feel so excited because the first time I came here, it was raining and I can not play anything.
Hk disneyland is located on the lantau island. Reached in the morning & super excited. It is small as compared to other disneyland but it is the happiest place on earth. Lively, colorful & full of joy. Didnt find much que for the rides & attraction but longgggg line for getting clicked with the characters. The parade,fireworks & the lion king show is must watch. Totally loved the visit.
this was our first time to Disney land and it wont be our last   it was a wonderful experience   we are 2 grown adults that felt like we were kids again   buy the 2 day ticket you cant see it all in one day like people suggest   its actually a decent size and has some great shows. they do not let you bring food   drinks from outside so be aware that you cant just walk in there with a picnic
It was a sunny day when I arrived at Disneyland HK. Nowhere to shelter from the Sun. The queue for games was long despite it was just an ordinary Tuesday.  The gift shop was nice. some of the items was overprice, but hey it's Disneyland.
Absolutely loved Disney! Easily our best day in HK. We didn't end up buying tickets prior to going and were worried that there'd be long line ups. Surprised when we got there that there were no lines. Got our tickets and went in really quickly. The rides were great, also maybe because it was a school day the lines were great, 15 min max for each ride  attraction. The longest line was probably the one to take a picture with Mickey  around 25 min, but we had to take a picture with him! We were 4 grown adults with no kids and still loved the park. Tons of food to eat and my husband still raves about the mango soft serve ice cream he had there. It truly is the happiest place on earth.
Disney world is absolutely stunning. .....I am definitely speechless . All my life I have dreamed about going to DisneylandAnd a day at Disney was just a fairytale RC racer, Grizzly Gulch is recommended go first after the park gates opento avoid long waiting ........
It was a first time for all of the family and we were thrilled as we stepped in from Sunny Bay! The Mickey train ride gives us a Disney vibe instantly.First stop was the Lion King show and I was amazed of the performers and productions. I could say that by only watching that the money for the ticket price is really worth it.The rides are awesome and very fun for all ages even my mother of 54 had really enjoyed everything.My son loves Toy Story and we were all excited to jump over. It looks so fun and colorful but I just don't like the idea that big grasses are lying next to the rides and shops. They can still enhance the area for more interesting decorations.The last stop was the parade at night and fireworks which no one should missed this as this is the highlight of your DisneXperience. Highly recommended to try with the family.I will keep these memories to my treasure chest!
It's definitely smaller compared to other Disney parks I've visited (Japan, Paris, California)But as usual, the little touches make the trip specialDo your shopping early to avoid the evening rush and take advantage of the free delivery service from any stores inside the park to the main gate(do your shopping without worrying about carrying stuff around)
Like any other disneyland you see. The rides the food. And the fun.The only dislike is that its pretty hot and humid due to the Hong kong weather..they try there best to keep you cool. But make sure bring lots of water and a fan. Can be accessed by MRT trains cause they have there own disney train that goes there
This place made me feel like a kid again. It was like I stepped into the stories I've read and watch when I was a child. I love the grizzly, space mountain, philharmagic and the lion show. The fireworks was stunning. I will definitely go back with my family. PS: I missed the parade as I was not able to take note of the schedule.
It's Disneyland! So, I am sure there are enough general information about the rides. I will write on my specific experience.FacilitiesAs good as any other Disneyland. Wheelchair and stroller friendly, diaper changing facilities etc. I do wish they are designated breastfeeding rooms. I breastfeed in public, no problem. However, it would be great to have rooms for some moms who prefer to breastfeed in privacy.RulesI am not keen on their must have shoes policies even for babies that still needed to be carried. My baby could not walk yet at that time, and every ride and attraction that is baby friendly including the short raft ferry to the tree for Tarzan, we had to put his shoes on. At that point, my baby had the habit of taking his shoes off and throwing. So either my hubby or I who is not the one carrying the baby, would have to hold on to his feet or his hands to keep the shoes on. We were most worried during rides that fly as we didn't want his shoes landing on anybody's face nor head. And we were also worried that his shoes would be thrown into the river during the jungle cruise ride. I would understand if he was a baby that could walk, shoes would be needed to keep his feet safe. However, for a baby that cannot talk (cannot be explained why he has to keep his shoes on) and cannot walk (needs to be held, carried) I don't get the point. He was wearing sock booties and yet shoes were insisted. Lucky, that I brought his shoes in my backpack, otherwise he wouldn't be allowed on any ride attraction. Why are sock booties not enough for a baby at that stage of his life? Why does a small baby need to have shoes on?I loved everything about my experience that day, my older 7 year old son was happy. the place is as clean as Disneyland Anaheim, But, oh that shoe policy is annoying.
Opened at 10 am and we got their at 9.30am and still it was a large line.Plan your trip their before you go so you know what to do for food and rides.Everything their is expensive as you would expect and you cannot take food in their.Most rides are 60 min waits in line so if you can, get the line jumping tickets which are more expensive.Difficult to get a pic with the characters and even if you are close by and see them come out, you will be bowled over by the Asian people vying for a position to get a happy snap.We left just before the fireworks as we didn't want to have thousands of people pushing us out of the way for a spot on the return train.All in all, not as big as I thought but the kids liked it.
My daughter loves all things Minnie Mouse and she had a wonderful day! However there are a few things which really irritate mea) not being allowed to bring your own food or water under the pretence of security b) the food served in the restaurants   outrageously overpriced and horrible to eat   i had a pizza that cost $120, yet it tasted like cardboard. Disney should be ashamed of themselves for serving slop like this.
It was our second visit to Hong Kong Disney... It is a beautiful place to spend one day, does not matter If you go with kids or only adults... If you have visited others Disney's Parks you will be dissapointed about the castle because is so small... The day and night parades are beautiful... If you want to see the frozen's show you have to make a resrvation at the begining of your visit... As all the Disney's parks everything inside is so expensive but you will want to buy everything in all the beautiful shops...
Not so big like in California but has plenty of the rides that matter and some unique rides like the Mystic Manor. Line move relatively fast and never a long line for the fast pass. It's easily reached by the subway so you don't need to stay at the hotel there.
Maybe we were just lucky, but compared to Disneyland California standards, it wasn't crowded at all. We went on a Tuesday in May. It rained in the evening, so the 2nd parade and fireworks were cancelled, but we waited in no lines the whole day. Which made it a great Disney day. Also, it was only $65, much less than California.
my first ever visit to one of disneylands all over the world. had a great time exploring with my husband but we're not contented with the rides It would of been nice if they make it longer. Its kinda rides for kids only.
Spent our last full day here as it's not too far to the airport next day.The place is pristine, as most Disney parks are. We avoided the weekend as we were advised to, and it wasn't overly busy. More good news is that selfie sticks are banned here :)I'd prebought the tickets using Klook so saved some $ too.It's reasonably compact, so a whole day should be enough to see most everything you'd want to.
Dont waste your time with the looong line for Autopia or just check again and try when there are few people usually when there are parades. You can take the train going to the othe side of the park no need to walk. Small park but long lines on weekends.
We saw the local weather forecast n it says showers high probability of showers around noon n clear skies after 2pm. So when it didn't rain at noon, we decided to brave it n bought the family (2 adults n 1child below 12yrs) tickets online (you will save ard HKD350).Arrived at Disney with sunny weather n clear skies! Start of our fantastic journey!We went over to the fire brigade station to rent a stroller n was advised by the staff to ride the train before renting strollers as it only travels one way.. So we did.. Mistake.. Waited 10mins for train n took it but most of the time, the view was obstructed by the trees n we all had to stop at fantasy land.. It doesn't allow us to go all the way back to the main entrance... Really doesn't make any sense. So since we are already at fantasy land, we decided to take the rides there. Dumbo the elephant, the carousell (waited ard 20mins each which was not too bad). After which we went over to Winnie the Pooh ride to get ourselves fast pass (there are only 2rides in Disney which allows fast pass). It was 3pm n the timing on the fast pass was 5.20pm??? We decided to break for a snack at the restaurant. Food was the usual fare... Things u usually wld never eat if you have a choice.. We went to it's a small small world n there was no q!! It was quite an amazing ride inside. After that, walked back to main entrance to rent the stroller n then went on to explore Tomorrowland. By which time, the sky was all dark n it threaten to pour.. We took our chances n continued to q.. When it was our turn n we got into the cars... It started to rain!!! We continued with the drive but what made it unpleasant was the people in front of us decided to take shelter under the bridge n all of us behind were left stranded n drenched to the core.....!!!!! The rain never stopped n everything from parade to fireworks were cancelled n it was only 5pm... Not a pleasant experience though it's not the fault of the park... We may return..
Enjoyed trip very much. Except that the Space Mountain area were not working that week. We left earlier than usual because rains were to hard! Not sure if night parade or fireworks pushed thru. Looks like they will put in new star wars theme rides soon...You should not miss storybook show. I was surprised by the production!Put on mosquito repellent; By the time I got home, I noticed large welts on my legs.
I was a little hesitant about visiting here (I don't really fall into their demographic and I was going with adults and no children) but everyone in our party had such a fun and memorable day out.
This was my first and only visit to one of Disneylands. It was really very impressive in terms of richness of the live shows. Not only nice for kids only, also for adults.
I believe these days Disneyland is much quieter especially as they're currently building one in Shanghai. To be honest I'm glad, the longest we had to wait for a ride or attraction (apart from meeting Mickey Mouse) was 20 mins.It's well connected to Knowloon and Central with the MTR connection at Sandy Bay, and really cheap too. About   2.50 one way. There's a short walk from the station to the main gate. I recommend buying your tickets online in advance, we were able to walk right up to the turnstiles without queuing up for tickets and go straight through. Sleeping Beauty's castle is much smaller than I expected, I don't know what the other parks are like but I kind of hoped you could go in.There's lots of restaurants and plenty of choices for food western or Chinese again for a reasonable price. I was a bit disappointed with the  haunted house  nothing more than loud noises and fast motion. You get put in a car and shoved around in all directions. I went with my one year old and three year old they loved it! There wasn't too many over 4ft rides they both loved the it's a small world ride. The park is the right size for young children and you only need a day there. We didn't stay for the fireworks but still had a fantastic day filled with lots of memories.
We opted to go on a Sunday nite during the Halloween period. Amazing! A bit chilly but no crowds, no lines, and staff were helpful informing us of attractions that were not in English. We felt like we saw everything we wanted to and ate within about three hours. Although if we had kids along in sure that would not have been possible.
The queue was super long at all attractions. But it was relatively good experience for me and my child
Tourists who have been to Disney theme parks in other cities may be disappointed with this one.  Best to visit outside of weekends and public holidays, and when the weather is pleasant.
I didnt find the HK Disneyland any different from the (new) Disneyland in Paris and Universal Studio in Singapore. But when I pitched my HK Disneyland experience with HK Ocean Park, at least I didn't feel cheated. The brand of Disney has been quite well maintained...The food as usual is insanely expensive...with hardly any options for Hindu vegetarians...Toys are again cliche and have no utilitarian value.....the rides are predictable and less intense than the similar ones in Paris. And yet, the overall experience is still quite magical and worth your while and money especially for the kids. Worth a visit for the first time amongst several other visits to HK.
You have to spend one hole to roam the entire park is very good for entire family lot of fun lot of activities and a must in hongkong
nice place there are lots of place where u can shoot pictures.We recommended you that to check the weather before u go there 3 4 hrs ahead if it rains there aren't any more activities to enjoy
Children under 6 , are the only ones who would like this. There was nothing exciting for anyone aged 6 years and one day. Total waste of time and money. If you simply want to tick the Disney box then well go.... Otherwise forget it
Travelled with family. Food and drinks inside the park is expectedly extremely expensive so the  cheapest  you can get is the food coupon you can buy at the ticket booth, still expensive but you can save a bit. Guards at the entrance are very strict even small foods were not allowed, good thing there were kids with us and they agreed to let us in together with some water.
If you have been to Anaheim Disneyland then don't waste your time here :( Sorry sounds harsh but it is harsh no real rides or atmosphere its just plain old dull i got more enjoyment out of discovering Hong Kongs underground rail system On a brighter note it is extremely organised, clean, and queues were short did not see any express ticket lines maybe they didnt need them for the teacup merry go round We took our own lunch but there was plenty of places to buy lunch Great for the kids , personally myself give me the real thing you cannot substitute the real Disneyland
Easier to get in rides and photo with characters because queues are much shorter compare to the one in Japan. However, Disney staff at some eateries and cafes wasn't so friendly and look grumpy.. Overall still nice to visit hk Disney with kids because it's time saving and still consider a pleasant visit.. Had great fun too but do keep your eyes on your kids at all times. Oh ya, they give stickers to kiddies.. Definitely kids are happy with it..
Small, crowded, catered for little ones.  The only thing better than any other Disneyland is that you can actually get relatively good food.  That is about it.
It was a toss up between Disney and Ocean park. I now wish we had visited Ocean Park. Don't get me wrong, we had a great day, but there were only 2 rides my teenagers could enjoy. Space Mountain was closed, which was a huge disappointment, as it was the only ride my daughter was looking forward to. If we had known in advance some of the rides were closed we would of probably chosen Ocean Park.
Like most of the other Families the main purpose of our HK trip was disneyland. This was our first disneyland visit so can not compare to any other disneyland but we specially our 3 year old girl liked it very much. We went on weekday so ques were not much and I think one day is enough.
I'm producing a review more like a trip report so that people can make more of an informed choice as to whether they want to visit and if so when. There are lots of negative reviews on here but a lot are from people that visited in the Chinese school summer holidays. We visited the first weekend in May.We bought two day tickets as it was on offer so only $20 HK more. We were also staying on site. We arrived Sunday afternoon around 1pm and decided to just walk around. The queue for astro blasters was only 5 minutes so we went on that and it's a small world was 10 minutes. We also arrived at philharmagic at show time so saw that too. The park was busy but not crowded. By about 3pm queues were 30 mins plus. We only waited 5 mins for a pic with Mickey. We had lunch at the starlight diner which was horrid. Burgers tasted like the worst school dinners. We looked in all the shops and the items are pretty similar with very few items location specific (and all can be bought in main Street) We left the park just after the 3pm parade and returned later for paint the night. We arrived 5 minutes before the start and found that the crowd consisted of 1 row of people seated on the kerb so we were able to stand immediately behind. Quite a novelty. After the parade we walked straight onto space mountain and went to astro blasters again before going to watch the fireworks at 8.30. Once again it wasn't very crowded. I had plenty of room around me and we were standing at the top of mainstreet. The fireworks were nice but not as wow as the anniversary celebrations in Anaheim. The next morning we walked to the park which has a nice atmosphere. We arrived just after the 10.30 opening and headed straight to grizzly gulch. The wait for the runaway mine cars was 5 mins. This was a nice ride. Less rattly than Thunder mountain but the layout was like a tamer expedition everest We then went to Mystic Manor. We were able to walk straight on. This was a really well done ride. Very enjoyable and clever. We rode again straight away. Then over to toy story land. Queue for the parachute ride was 15 minutes. It was an OK ride. Lots of faffing around loading. Then 5 mins wait for RC racer. An excellent and fun ride. (We skipped slinky dog as we don't have kids but the q was only 5 mins). It was now about midday.We had lunch at the royal banquet Hall. Once again horrid. There was not enough seating. The serving staff were grumpy and just smashed plates on to the tray and the food wasnt good. DH had the pork bento box which was passable theme park food. I had the Chinese chicken and mushroom which was awful. The chicken was stuffed with bone and shards and was inedible. Not great for a   30   lunch. The queue for Winnie the Pooh was 45 mins so we got a fastpass for 6 7pm. The queues for rides were all about 30mins  so we just went to astro blasters as that was 5mins and then headed over to the 2pm showing of festival of the lion king. It was quite good although Rafiki wasn't that good a singer. Our cunning plan was then to go to the shops whilst the parade was on but it started raining so that was then a trying experience. We grabbed a Mickey waffle (the one nice thing we had to eat in that park) and headed back to our hotel.We returned to the park just before 7 to use our Pooh fastpass. Then went to Mickey's wondrous book at 7.30. This was a super show. We headed to space mountain where there were no queues and rode that a couple of times before the firework show. Main Street was even less crowded then the previous night. We headed about halfway down which was a better position then the previous night as we could clearly see the projections on the castle. The only problem was that the misty humid weather obliterated some of the view of the fireworks. This is not a park for thrill seekers or probably teenagers. It is a park for smaller children and Disney lovers. The park was easy to get around when we were there and the queues weren't bad at all. My advice is get there first thing and don't bother visiting in the afternoon. There have been a number of comments about the mainland Chinese visitors. The park was not busy when we were there and apart from being very loud, repeatedly using their flash in the shows and being a bit pushy going into the shows we didn't have any problems. Everyone was queuing fine and the staff were trying to be on top of any queue jumping. The toilets in the park were only just OK despite there being staff.The staff in Mystic point, Grizzly gulch and toy story land were very Disney. Lots of smiles and waves. The staff in its a small world were the opposite. I think it is the staff which means that this visit is missing something. There is just not that smiling and friendliness across the board. We also found the stock in the shops very limited. Most of the garments were Mickey, Minnie, Donald, ensemble, stitch or star wars Women also had the option to have cinderella but no star wars. Children's stuff was obviously princess or avengers or cars. No animals or villains. I was also very disappointed that there werent any Xmas baubles. Pricing varied. Some things were far cheaper than US Disney others massively more expensive. There were quite a few characters around on the Sunday and Monday. Mickey and Minnie were at the entrance when we arrived at opening and they were also there when we returned at 7 on Monday.Mickey and Minnie were in the fantasy gardens both days.Donald and daisy were on main Street both days.Chip and dale were in grizzly gulch both days.Buzz lightyear and woody were in Toy story land both days Tinkerbell and at least one princess were in the fairy tale forest both days.Baymax was in art of animation both days.Lotso bear was in main Street on the Sunday. We saw piano entertainers on main Street, broom art near the jungle cruise and drumming near astro blasters. Be aware you can't take big bags into the park and will be required to store them.The weather when we visited was pleasant. It was comfortable walking around. Be aware that they seem to cancel the parade at the drop of a hat and certainly with less rain then in the US. An umbrella is $160 hkd and a poncho $65 so be prepared if you don't want to pay.Transport to and from the hotels was excellent. The hotels are 15 mins walk (disneyland hotel) and 30 mins walk (Hollywood) at an ambling pace. The park was very clean when we visited.I believe that food and drink is removed if you try to bring it in but double check before you visit ( we didn't try). It might be better value and experience to leave the park to have lunch at one of the hotels then return (make sure to get your hand stamped  they won't offer) We had a nice time and we are glad we visited but we wouldn't fly to Hong Kong specifically to visit here whereas we would to Anaheim
It was easy to reach this place via metro rail. Admission fees is HK539 adult if you have not booked online. There are several packages available online. The admission price includes all rides . Please bring extra cash with you , there are yummy things to eat and you will definitely want to try some of them,especially if you have children. Multiple rides , best ones includes river cruise which you shouldn't miss . 4D theatre which is called magical theatre is a must as well . The rides can be done in a day if you start at 10 am on a weekday but it will be in a hurry otherwise better to complete all rides in 2 days which you will enjoy.Don't forget the fireworks at the castle which starts at 2030 hours . An amazing experience!!! The souvenirs are expensive but then attractive . Loved every minute except the queues to get to the rides .
As usual pleasant This was my first Disney land visit so I was really impressed Shopping is really cheap in there and lines in comparison r real nice and smallFood wasn't good though Rides were really fun and characters were sweet and cute And best part is train to Disney
Visited the park with our two kids age 6 and 7. They loved it. Especially the shows are great to watch. Food is soso..  After the fireworks we went back to central with the metro, very convienent.
I visit Hong Kong Disneyland at least twice a year even thought it is the smallest one because it is a rare place to have fun and fresh air in Hong Kong. Usually I will visit the theme park during weekdays in order to avoid long queues.  Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters  is the funniest attraction item and you can shoot the aliens as a space ranger.  Stitch Encounter  is also interesting with interaction between audiences and Stitch.  It's a Small World  is highly recommended if you feel tired or sweating under hot weather. Air conditioning is available since you queuing up and you can take a rest during the boat trip :)For  thrilling  attraction items, you can try  Space Mountain ,  RC Racer  and  Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars .It only takes around half day to play all attraction items if you visit the park during weekdays. Reserve more time for queuing up if you will be there at the weekend or public holidays.As a local visitor, I usually don't dine at the park as it is expensive. But for tourists, it is a nice try at the Plaza Inn (Chinese restaurant) for dim sum (some of them are in Mickey's shape) and the Main Street Corner Cafe. The food quality of the fast food restaurants at the park is just so so. Friendly reminder: Don't miss the parade and fireworks show at night.
We have visited several Disneylands throughout the world and Hong Kong was great. Obviously similar to Anaheim etc but just as amazing. Very friendly staff, great rides and food. The night time parade and fireworks is worth the price of admission alone. Another great Disney day in Hong Kong. The live shows, Lion King, 4d theatre were incredible. Definately a must in Hong Kong
Good for little kids. Not super busy for a Disneyland. Not much new stuff, just the familiar good old attractions. Space Mountain is still one cool ride!
My husband and I have been to Disney is Paris, Tokyo and in the US. Of course the parks in the US are our favorite but outside of back home, Hong Kong Disney was our favorite! It was small but very jam packed with awesome. There were new rides and attractions we've never seen and yummy food! It was crowded but it wasn't too annoying. If you're in Hong Kong and love Disney ... GO!
HK Disneyland has all of the Disney charm, excitement and fun you expect from Disney but it is quite a bit smaller than the original Disneyland in LA. Even the Fantasyland Sleeping Beauty Castle is only about    the size of the original. We have two teenage boys and they only had limited choice in rides which suited them (although their mother insisted they go on the Small, Small World ride much to their disgust). We went on a week day and had little or no queues and so we managed to get around the whole park in one day. It is still the great experience we expect from Disney.
Only one word that will resume our entire stay. Magical The park is great and well structure unfortunately we were not able to do the Grazly mountain due to maintenance.However all were good.Maybe you can add more food variety around the park.Thank youCan't be missed
Visited Disneyland on a Thursday. Had not been to a Disney before so not really sure what to expect, but I enjoyed it. Lines to rides not too bad in the morning but were really long for some things later in the day. Some brilliant rides   displays   its a small world was probably my favourite and the boat ride was fun. Tried most of the rides   they are not very long and you will spend longer waiting than the ride takes. Food was expensive, but this is typical of all theme parks. The grounds were lovely and there was a nice vibe in the place. I found many of the staff did not look terribly happy or smiley, which I would expect in a Disney environment, but perhaps they were just having a bad day. Overall, am glad I went and can say have been to Disneyland, although next time would like to try a bigger version.
compare to disneysea in tokyo,, this theme park is less crowded. i can ride most of the attraction before dark. one thing that i disappointed, the staff is not friendly,, it supposed to be the happiest place on earth but apparently the staff is not that happy since they really really rarely smile to the visitor. compare to disneysea tokyo, all the staff seems so happy and soo friendly,, when visitor asked a question they answer it with smile.. not like what i experience in Hong Kong
Its really beautiful fairy world, every one must visit this attraction. We bought tickets online from klook.com as it is more convenient and you do not have stand in long queues. Online tickets are available at discounted prices. You can also buy tickets from China Tourism counter at Hong Kong airport at discounted price.
My daughter is so fond Disney characters and her wish came true. Some advice if you are new to Hong Kong Disneyland. 1. Buy the tickets online to save time.2. Come early to the park. 3. There are two lines when you enter into theme park. First one is 'normal' tickets and second one is for Automatic tickets. Go for later Q ..The Automatic tickets has QR code and can be collected immediately without a delay. You can ask Staff to guide for this Q. 4. My daughter was jumping when she saw Mickey Mouse and Minnie Mouse character and I started Queuing up. Major disappoint was when we were stopped by staff and told that it's too much crowd. I told him that lady came just before me and you can't stop like this. My wife started to arguing to staff and called the person in charge. During that time lady in front of me and staff were mocking us & even tried to blocking to enter into that area. My daughter started crying. We left, do not ruin the entire day and moved on. 5. First area is Main Street, USA and 2 major parades in street. 1. Flights of Fantasy (3 pm) and 2. Disney Paint the Night (8:30 pm). Flights of Fantasy is a must.. it's too colorful, full of dance & music. 6. Second aera is Tomorrowland. Major attraction is Space Mountain. 7. Third are is Fantasy land and favorite for girls. Cinderella and Queens are main attractions. We were able to get picture with Minnie Mouse this time around. 7. Because we came early, that's why we took cab. We stayed at InterContinental hotel, the Cab fare was HK$ 200. We took MTR way back to Hotel. As a whole, it's wonderful day.
Really enjoyed my day in HK Disney. Plenty of cool rides, food and shows. Great train ride there too.
grandchildren met their STARS: Princesses  Cinderella, couple of Frozens , Pooh Bear, Dumbo, Mickey Mouse and the whole Club  M O U S E , parents laughed and paid, grand parents revelled in fun and rides. FOOD WAS ok FOR THE PLACE AND TIME. we spent 5 hours there with a 3 and 5 yo and that was enough. Everybody had fun despite occasional showers and wet underfoot or during rides. Take some light capes just in case.We drove into a big carpark by 0930 which was a good time. You can take MTR direct to Disneyland. take extra money for merchandise which should be a bribe for good behaviour until leaving  i got yummy sweet popcorn, 4 types in separate sealed bags . Ask about the steam train which we wanted to do but did not properly work it into our schedule.
I visit Disney on Thursday at 10.00 am its was not crowded put most of the things was closed to 12.00 and its so smaller than the one in France ..and there wasn't international food only local food ..and fish smell all over the place. .its waste of time i don't recommend it at all.
don't missed all the parades that hongkong disneyland had.   especially the fireworks attractions before the theme parks are close.  make sure you ride all the parks.
Not to be missed when you are in Hong Kong. Be sure to take a timetable and view the show times and characters that will be doing their rounds. I made a mistake by not doing this and missed the Frozen ladies twice which left my daughter bitterly disappointed. Also make sure you do this over 2 days in my opinion. 1 day get there late afternoon so that you can stay and watch the fireworks at the end. And on another day get there early so you can leave early and still do some other things. Although keeping in mind that this park is not huge and can be done in 1 day. It just depends if you have small kids with you that might get restless like we did. Food is expensive but you don't have much of a choice but to buy there. Also try and buy tickets before hand on line or at the airport   you might get a better deal and also avoid the queues.
We visited the park last December 2015. It was a fun experience actually, we've experienced all of the must try attractions there given the fact that it was a peak date. However, to maximise your experience, you should learn to strategise the visit; such as looking for some blogs through internet about HK Disneyland, try to get some tips there from what attractions that you should not to miss out, which attraction to visit first etc. It helped us a lot that is why we've got the best out of our visit. The place is kinda small actually.Please try the  Mystic Manor  no matter what.
As we all know, Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Well, it's the best way to describe that place... We went there April 26,2016 coz I promised my daughter that on her 3rd birthday I'll bring her to Disneyland. It didn't disappoint me. It made her happy being in Disneyland plus it's their 10th anniversary so it offers a lot of activities for my daughter.. The last time I went there, I was with my then girlfrend which became my wife..changes where the first thing I've notice because back then it's still in the process but I was sad the Iron man experience is not yet finish..I was rooting for that one..but it did made my daughter very happy..she really enjoyed it very much...I recommend that you visit HK Disneyland when in HK even if your old enough already..it will bring your inner child to life.. P.s.the food is great also..
Hong Kong Disneyland is just one time visit, it's not really big like other Theme Parks, not so impressive for adults.
We loved hk Disneyland. I would recommend arriving early and rush through the rides you really want to make it on and then spend the afternoon at shows etc. We were in line to enter the park approx half an hour before the park opened unfortunately there is no shade and no cold drinks available so prepare for this. It is ridiculously hot to be standing in the sun with small children. We loved the parade and shows. We only spent one day at the park we could easily have filled in a second day.The park gets very crowded by afternoon so morning is definitely the best option for little kids that don't cope well with queues. We made it on 7 rides and 1 show in the first hour and a half of park opening but by lunch time the queue for rides in toy story land were over 40 minutes long.
As usual, Disneyland never fails to disappoint too much, even if it is a small scaled one like in HK. However, the crowd on the weekends are massive and it would be good to go on the weekdays instead. We went both days on Sunday and Monday and the queues to the rides were way shorter on Monday.The shows are worth queuing for and a must watch with the kids.
This is the 4 th Disneyland we have been too and it is the smallest. Had a great time but the food is  different . Instead of churros there is fried Korean squid. Phantom Manor was the family favorite and we went during spring break and the longest wait on a Wednesday was 5 minutes! Didn't rain which was awesome, and very few employees spoke fluent English. Would definitely recommend going there if I'm the area. We went because we are going to visit every Disneyland park in the world.
One of two  must visit  theme parks in Hong Kong. Disneyland is accessible by MTR from anywhere in the territory, so there is no real need to get a hotel near the park. The parades are a great draw, and so are the fireworks at closing time. Tickets are HKD539 (USD70) for adults and HKD385 (USD50) for children 3 11 years old. Buy them from travel agents in HK or at the entrance. Seniors 65 and above only pay HKD100 (USD13).
We visited on a Monday to avoid the weekend crowds. It was still plenty busy but not crowded. The admission is reasonable as compared to the US parks and it is worth a visit if you have kids but it is smaller scale than the US parks and some of the attractions are different in response to the local market. It is easily reachable by the Hong Kong subway system and that is probably the best way to go.
If you have not been to Disneyland USA this is good but if you have it is disappointing. It is a lot smaller and does not have the offerings you would normally get. Kids will love it though so worth the visit. The MTR makes is easy to get to as it is out by the airport and a bit of a trip.
Having been to Disneyland in Tokyo rather recently I found this Hong Kong offering a bit of a disappointment. The Park is relatively small and the day we went was not busy at all which was a big plus. Our children are 10 & 12 years old. We had bought a two day pass online prior to coming to HK   we stayed a total of four hours and were done. Ride waits were 5 minutes. Most of the rides are aimed at young children not tweens. Space Mountain and the Grizzly mine cart ride were the only  thrill  type rides and I use that term loosely. Yes its Disneyland but even some of the glamour and shine were just not there. Food outlets were mostly closed with a few of the restaurants and vendors dotted around with basic offerings   I guess due to it being off season? It was clean. I loved the natural surrounds and the greenery, trees and landscaping   made it all very lovely in parts, but the rest of the park needs work.Great place to take your princess loving little girls, some of the dresses you can buy are too cute! Not much on offer for boys who are 10 .
Was really excited to visit disneyland however 2 of the first roller coaster rides we visited were out of order for the whole month.. no good to me.. we continued on and went on a few rides, but each ride had about a 20   45 minute wait. U spent majority of your time in lines than actually enjoying the park. (need a whole day to really enjoy everything)I did enquire about an express pass.. but they said none left. which didn't make much sense to me considering when i entered there actually wasn't an express line.
Hong Kong Disneyland is certainly a fun visit if you have the time, but if you've been to the US parks   don't expect too much. Imagine Disneyland in California. Remove the 'California Adventure' part. Then takes what's left and sort of 'reduce it down' and you have Hong Kong Disneyland. Not terrible, but also rather small and   again   sort of reduced and minimized. They also have a strange opening procedure...I got there early and actually waited in line for the front gate to open, which was fine. However once in they only allow you on Main Street USA at first, keeping you from entering the actual park for about 30 minutes. After THAT, they do a sort of 'rolling opening' of the lands (and don't tell you which open first) so not EVERYTHING is available to do right when you get there. I went to the left to head to Mystic Manor (a GREAT ride, BTW!), only to be stopped and told that area was not opening for another 30 minutes. So I had to completely backtrack to Tomorrowland since that was open. It's just a strange system!
Check the weather first before visiting, April is Rainy season in HongKong. A big No! We went to Disneyland last April 25, they cancelled the night parade minutes before the performance because of sprinkled rain. A lot were disappointed, we do understand but yeah! Toooooooooo baaaaaaad!
Having a 20 month old in tow, we decided to visit Disneyland, Hong Kong.As you'd expect from Disney, the whole site is very well organised and laid out, albeit quite small in Disney terms.That said, there is much to enchant small children, although adult rides and attractions are a little more sparse and, at the time we visited, one area was subject to maintenance and closed.We ignored the wet weather, as much as we could, dressed in the obligatory Disney rainwear. In good weather, it would have been a fantastic day out. However, the weather relented late on in the afternoon and the remaining highlight was the evening parade, which delighted us and our toddler.Well worth the trip out from the city.
As a HK resident and father of 4 children, we were excited to revisit HK Disneyland after our first visit being within the year the park opened. 11 years on, the park was meticulously clean, the offer was much expanded (more rides) and the whole ambience and fun factor was much better than i remember. Entry price was reasonable and in summary, the family had a great fun experience. Strict policy of no  selfie sticks  a welcome relief. Negatives were the beverage snack drinks carts didn't accept card payment (octopus or credit card) and that there was only one ATM which was at the entrance. Overall, HK Disney now beats Oceanpark by a mile.
This Disneyland is alot smaller naturally, than Anaheim, however it still has the same feel.Everyone loves Disneyland and to be a kid for a day!!We visited when light rain was falling, unfortunately, we had to go at that time but we still had a ball enjoying the rides.We didnt see many of the characters, probably due to the weather, but we did see Mickey & Minnie, Donald Duck, Pluto & Annie from Toy Story.Had the best tasting waffles & ice cream. Not alot of choice of food and was a bit expensive for what it was.Plenty of souvenirs to buy and this year is the 10th anniversary of the park, so there are commemorative pieces to buy if you wish.
If you havent been to HK Disneyland, its all exciting and fun. But usually its not a place for return visit unless after the new Iron Man Ride is out. Don't go during school holidays and public holidays if you want to avoid the crowd. The caramel popcorn was the best! We bought our tickets on Qoo10 and they included a free meal where you can pick from a few restaurants and pick your own meal. We went to Tomorrowland's and had some yummy StarWars burger.Fireworks are mostly at 8PM   Preferred to come in at about 2 3PM if you are only in for the rides and some popular shows, you'll have more than enough time for all of them plus a meal.If you're in for a full exploration, photo taking with mascots and an extensive meal shopping, come at 12PM or earlier.Bring along your passport for ticket purchase redemption! And don't forget to try the Mickey Face Shaped Waffles near the entrance of the park along the streets! Its extremely fresh and tasty!
If u plan to.visit all the rides Pls take the two day ticket else you ll be disappointed.   The night fireworks are Fabulous and some of the rides are quite good.   Overall it's fun unlimited in the magical world of Disney.
Not as many attractions as in the USA.  Overpriced . Many rides were out of service for maintenance.   The good thing was not a crowd at the rides. It was still a good experience.
Seriously I love this particular Disney park!!!Have seen it totally morph into what it is today.The selection of rides has improved over the years and the parades are a sight well worth seeing.If you want a fun filled day out then take yourselves to Hong Kong Disneyland.
I've been to the HK Disneyland twice and the first time we made the mistake of going during December January which was a terrible idea! We waited more than an hour for each ride and it was so crowded, I swore never to return. I went again last year but during an off peak season, April and we stayed at the Disney Resort. Disneyland will ALWAYS have lots of people but luckily it wasn't so crowded and the longest we waited for a ride was probably 10 15min which really isn't so bad. I was disappointed however that customers who stayed at the resort didn't get exclusive access or anything at the theme park. The Theme Park itself is very small so 1 day is definitely enough to go on all the rides.
You should only visit Disneyland Hong Kong of you are accompanying children. Nothing major for adults to explore at the park and as far as the rides are concerned, each and every ride at ocean park is much better than Disneyland. Food options at the park are rather overpriced and so are the souvenir shops. So in a nutshell only worth it for kids and Disney aficionados.
One of the best tourist destination in Hongkong. You can find different smile in this place, excitement & thrill are the common usually when u take the high thrilling rides. I can say the best place ever in Hongkong. Love my stay twice.Thumbs up Management!
Click, click, click. All were silent as we landed the Disney entrance as no words can describe how fulfilling it was to reached and visited this dream land. It was like, those what we've seen in TVs were really up close and personal. Purchasing tickets from the Hotel (Cosmo Hotel) where we stayed for 4 days, made us easy   no que que. I think one day would not be enough to explore the resort. I have 2 kids   were teenagers, yet, I can see from their eyes how happy they were. Even my sister enjoyed a lot esp as we watched the parade called as  Flights of Fantasy  and experiencing a  semi boat  ride to the Kingdom of  Its a Small World . Amazing and unforgettable experience for us.
**Disneyland is a dream for every child and adult.Its a must place to visit once.**To avoid queues buy ticket online from klook.com and its easy to enter else to get inside itself may take around 45 minutes and it be frustrating.** There is too many things to do inside Disneyland.My daughter is a very crazy fan of Disney characters and she has taken pics with most of them there :)
A place where you will keep on coming back and feel always the first time.  A very happy place to unwind and to distress.  A good place to bond with family and friends.  Thanks for the birthday surprise from Disneyland Hotel staff.
Was here 7 years ago. Back after 7 years, the same problem still exist. The insane queueing time for rides. And the tickets somehow gotten more expensive compare to 7 years ago. Overally a good place to bring kids. But do take note to have a very free and empty schedule to visit on the day itself as some rides take up to 45 min of queueing time. If it rains, just go with raincoat. It'll be alot more lesser crowd! :)
If this was your first Disneyland experience, this was ok but not great. For those who are use to American style amusement parks, this would be a bust. You can walk the whole park in about an hour or two and the limited rides were not that exciting as it is here in Calif or Florida.
Unable to visit the whole place as we spent too much time with photos. Those who wish to take photo, instead of queuing to take picture with Mickey at main entrance, head straight to the Enchanted Garden. Get to take pictures with a few characters.My 4 year old son likes the small small world ride. Overall, worth going but better to go for 2 day pass!
My daughter's smile says it all.  Disney is really a happy place.  We were lucky we were there on a weekday and the lines weren't that long.  My kid loves the teacups, the shows, parades and of course Mickey.
The most magical place to be especially in the night to see the beautiful firework display and the music that followed.gave me goosebumps!!!my children enjoyed every second and loved the stay at the Disneyland resort Great food and great stay Truly worth every penny we spent! Cheers
The place is simply overly crowded. You could easily spend 20 mins queuing for almost every popular program, It is a pain when you travel with young kids. The variety of games available is also too limited. Will NEVER go back.
Every child   adult should visit Disneyland once in their lifetime to enjoy their childhood memories. Though a very small park it still does offer good attraction and value for money check the local weather forecast before going as they are notorious to cancel the Disney parades that are held twice during the say at a short notice.
This was our second trip to HK Disney. This time we travelled with a large group who has the pleasure of performing as part of the wonderful Disney Performing Arts Program. Around the performance the kids had the chance to explore the park and go on loads of rides. We loved Space Mountain as always and the Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters. It was a shame that the Grizzly ride was closed for renovation. I was surprised that the park is still quite small 8 years after our initial visit. You can definitely explore the whole park in one day whereas the US Disneys are far larger. The parades, especially the night time parade, are spectacular and worth timing your ride schedule around. The performers are amazing and the light display very impressive.Food was a little challenging for vegetarians until we found the Explorers Cafe. Awesome Javanese Curry!
1st visit with family to Disneyland HK was in August 2011 when all my 3 kids were below 12 yrs old, the weather was so hot & humid that we stayed under the shades most of the time. This year was our 2nd visit in mid March 2016 on a weekday and my 2 older children have now turned into teens except for my youngest girl who is 8 yrs old. Brought my teen nephew along & this time around was so much more fun partly due to the nice cooling weather & much shorter queue. I would definitely recommend to visit Hong Kong in March. Many fun rides for the kids & adults throughout the day & stayed on till 8.15pm to watch the beautiful fireworks. Do not miss it, it's an amazing place..!
My Kids, demanded that I took them to DisneyLand and Hong Kong DisneyLand was the nearest to Malaysia.
If you've done the real thing in Los Angeles then be prepared to be disappointed. It's just not the same. The rides are obviously tailored for local attraction and not what westerners would think are really great. Not a whole lot to do, it was very basic, and for the price we thought very let down by a Disney product. I wouldn't recommend to anyone wanting the Disney experience to go here. Food  no good, rides  no good, Disney feel  nope not at all. The locals may like it, we didn't.
The park is smaller than those in the States, but there is still plenty to do. Younger children will probably enjoy Fantasyland the most as it seems the have the greatest number of toddler friendly rides. We also had a great time in Toy Story Land, which wasn't there the last time we visited.While bad weather on a Sunday kept us ducking for cover for a couple of hours, the trip was memorable enough for us to begin planning our next visit. Probably in the summer, definitely on a weekday, for a thinner crowd.
Lovely park, had 4 year old grand da ghter with us. Fantasy park brilliant But unnecessary long queues,. Queued to a e Sophia, nearly with her then she disappeared for a break. We had to queue again. They could easily have two girls taking this part in shofts. There were lots of very disappointed children. Mickey Mouse and Minnie were brilliant, again if you timed your visit right. The Lion King Show very good but quite scary for young children. Chef Disney breakfast worth the extra money.
I visited Hong Kong Disneyland with my family on a weekday. As it was a weekday the crowd was comparatively less. This one is a small (compared to California Orlando Disneyland) but nice amusement park, especially for kids. There were many Disney characters to attract kids and to click pictures with them. There are many rides in different categories at the park such as adventureland, fantasyland and so on. There is also a very cute MTR from Sunny Bay station known as Disneyland Express which takes you to Disneyland. In addition there are many souvenir shops in the park and few food courts. Overall it was a very good experience and a great day.
For full 1 day,it was like revisiting your childhood.To add icing on the cake,my kids were a part of this.Extremely nice place & a must do in your travel itinerary in case you are planning Hong Kong travel.Expect the unexpected here, rides,food,castles,characters.. You name it...it's right there.It's a place,you must try...not alone..kids make it even more memorable. Day end parade was out of this world..great place to carry memories forever
Easily reached by MTR. All the usual attractions, with something to suit everyone. Make sure you are there for the afternoon parade.
I visited this park with my family on a weekday. I have been to Disney parks in the US and this one is smaller than those but it's a good one especially if you have young kids with you. It wasn't very crowded for the rides perhaps because it was a weekend and except Autopia and Dumbo the Elephant, we didn't have to wait too long for the rides. My recommended rides if you have kids with you: Mickey's 4d show, Dumbo the Elephant, Autopia, Jungle river cruise, Mickey and the Wondrous Book. Also, the parades (one around 3pm and another around 7:30pm) and the fireworks at closing are nice. Suggest going early when it isn't crowded.
After visiting Florida in the past I was a little unsure of what to expect but we were pleasantly surprised. Obviously its much smaller than Florida with only 1 park but we managed to go on almost every ride and watched The Lion king show which was awesome, saw the street parade and firework display. We could of done with another half day but was happy with what we managed to complete with 2 young children. Park was very clean and well maintained and the Main St had the same feel as the one in Magic Kingdom in Florida. Only difference were the staff, we found them to be some what grumpy with exception of a few.
The shows & parades were out of this world with the fire work display on another planet. All the attractions were enjoyed by one and all.
I brought my 4 year old kid to Disneyland this month and this is her first time to visit the place and I cant paint her facial expression on how happy she was to see Disneyland for the first time. She was so elated and so amazed. Truly, this is not only for kids but for kids at heart too. Still Disneyland is the Happiest Place on Earth!
We stopped in HK on the way to London, went to Disney for my 5yr old really but had Mr 2 as well. Even with a sleep beforehand its such a full on loud place that a toddler only lasts 2 3 hours and you leave the park having spent $1400hk for 3 4 rides not to mention travel and food. If your a family of 4 think about tossing a coin and having one of you stay back with the youngest. Disney itself was great, my 5yr old had a blast even with the queues (which can be huge, so avoid the weekend)
We went to Disneyland it is small but it is worth stay there from 10 am to 8pm long day to do around the park and parade is beautiful at the night time lucky we got tickets and meal voucher which was cheap from Klook. We feeling like we were little girls again! Best bday party.
I enjoyed it here . Although all the attractions were not finished or working on the day we went. I'd say this Disneyland is more for children than adults as lot of the rides seemed slower and tamer but still a great atmosphere
Our family of 5, 2 adults and 3 teenagers decided to tackle Hong Kong Disney after visiting Paris Disney a few years ago. The teenagers were very excited to be able to now ride on the rides that they couldn't last time as they were too young. They were disappointed that there were not the great rides and roller coasters that are at the other Disneylands. Most of the rides were child oriented, not so much for teenagers. Anyway, we still had a great day. It is quite small, so easily done in a day, which is good as it was really hot. The Lion King show was fantastic and a highlight. The lines were ok, we ended up going on the  single rider  line as it was way shorter and we didn't care that we didn't sit together because we got a lot more rides this way. Food choices were very limited and we had to sit outside to eat in the heat.
It was my second visit to Hongkong and each time i made a point to visit Disneyland. But this time i went my honeymoon and enjoyed every bit of it. Me and my husband shared a crazy day out there. I relived my childhood days. Its a must visit for families with young kids. The food in the park is quite expensive, so preferably carry a bit with you. Also the options for vegetarians is very less and whatever is available is not worth a shot. Also some travel agents suggest you to stay at the Disney Hotel and take a two day pass but trust me not worth your time as the check in procedure takes hours and you waste a lot of time. Also the rooms are really tiny. Its better to commute through the Disney Metro and take a one day pass and enjoy there in one day. Also they don't allow you to take pictures with a selfie stick, so its better not to carry one. Rest the place is beautiful with so much to see, Some rides are really good and some are just like that. I can revisit the place again.
HKDL is a fun theme park for everyone. If you love to see fireworks you can wait for them everyday and easy transportation to HK down town.
Disneyland .... you never failed me. Everytime I go there you always fill me with joys and laughter   My daughter loves to go to Disneyland. And only in HK she can took a picture with her favourite princess Sofia
Day full of Disney magic! One day ticket was a best solution for us. Our 4 years old son had a blast with Mickey and all the other characters we met during a day.
With having been to disney world in Orlando, somewhat surprised at the high standard of this park. It was lotsa fun even for us 50 year olds. The snack cafes were closed and we didn't feel like a plate of food so settled for caramel popcorn. Yes it was pricey!! The shows were excellent and rides exhilarating!!
This park has limited appeal for those children 12 and upwards, and even less so when a whole section is closed and therefore some of the more adventurous rides not available. It would be good to have notices advising potential customers of the closure of rides as this does effect a person's level of enjoyment at the park. When we visited many, many food   refreshment outlets were also closed which meant limited choice for food and beverage.
This is a fun place to spend time with your kids. Not expensive and a lot for all ages. Take the Dusney Train there, and be sure you stay for the firework in the evening. Considering g the size, one day is enough so do not stay at their hotel.
This is fantastic place, visted with family and kids, kids had blastWe planed for 2days, On first day we finished , all fanatsy land attractions,toystory and adventure land Lion king show 2nd day  we visited tomorrowland and afternoon parade and other remaining TIP   1 don'twaste time in charter photo , first do all the attractions and then go for charter pic2  plan your visit very early in morning be at gate 9:45 and avoid weekends,
There were just so many people. The first part of the day was fine. Parade was nice. There are some interactive parts of the parade when the performers will invite little kids to play. The queues were bearable except some which you may have to wait 45 minsThe tram that goes around disney is usually two way. So we parked the stroller at Fantasy land. Only when we were queuing then they made the announcement that all passengers have to alight at the main station which means we have to walk all the way back to get our stroller. Prepare you video cameras cos right after fantasy land, into tomorrowland, There will be little monsters greeting the passengers. Hahahaha!!!Food and drinks are expensive but it should not be a surprise. Themed parks are all like that. But the food options are really quite limited. dragged her daughter and right past everyone to stand in front for Elsa photo taking. Even after they told her nicely, she became fierce. Most are ok but you have to stand firm and tell them to please not jump q. Some will just ignore you. HahahaThe crowd. The crowd! Where do I start? Where do these people come from. All of a sudden, just before the night parade, throngs of people started appearing from everywhere. It was so crowded, it was impossible to walk. Right after the parade, everyone rushed to the shops. It was IMPOSSIBLE to walk. The people jumped over our stroller, stepped on our feet, without any apologies, like that was the way to go. The park guests were so rude and horrid. They cough into your face and do not queue. Earlier in the day, one Mainland chinese mother,blatantly ignored everyone in the q, she walked past everyone and stood right in front of the queue. When told that she has to q, she became fierce and ignored the comments. How scary...If you are staying at the Disney Hotels, there are frequent bus shuttle services that will bring you to Disneyland but its still a good ten min walk away. If you are travelling with kids, better bring whatever they need. For those who do not wish to pay the entrance fees and still would like to catch the fireworks, feel free to wait at the entrance. There is a nice fountain where you can take pics while waiting for the fireworks to start.Go there knowing that you will have to brave the crowd, you will have fun and survive. Overall, its still a fun place to go
Hong Kong Disneyland is a must go and see attraction especially if you have kids. I have been to other Disneyland's in other countries before and common remark is although they are a great attraction they are more suited towards kids rather than adults. Disneyland in Hong Kong put on a fantastic fireworks display approximately at 8pm every night. I recommend you wait around to witness that.
I like theme park, and this is one of my favorite. But unfortunately the Grizzly Gulch was under maintenance, even though I want to try it sooooo much T T. I went there with my wife,and I will definitely come back again with my kids soon.
Disneyland on Lantau Island, Hong Kong, China is well worth a visit for all ages.  The rides cater for young and old and a must is a stay for the electric light parade at night followed by the fireworks which are spectacular.
This is a place that everyone must go in their lifetime! The staffs are friendly and you get to forget your troubles.
Having said that you are in Hong Kong.Much more of an expensive place than the states.Water, ice creams, meals etc overpriced but so is Paris, Tokyo,Having taken my children to them all over the years, if I see mickey mouse I might have to kill him..Bottom line, kids love it Disney know how to put on a parade and if i was still six i'd probably stay all week instead of being dragged round Kowloon by my dad.
I remember when i was eight, i went there with my family. At that time, the Hong Kong Disneyland was just opened a few months. I was very excited as i have the chance went there. In the morning, when we arrived Hong Kong, we toke the MTR to the Disney Park. We went to the hotel first as we will sleep in there at night. After we had checked in, we went to the Park immediately, I have played many motorized game and saw many show which was made by the Disney too. We also bought many Disney Products there and toke photo with the Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck. I thought that the DisneyLand Park was really suitable for the kids to go. All of the products and services were designed with ideas of Disneyland. Even through the things inside the hotels are also designed by ideas of disney too. After the night, we went to other places to shopping and we went back to Macau finally. As a result, I highly recommended you guys to go there.
First time in Disney and I can say it was a great experience for both adults and kids. we enjoyed the whole time, even if the que for rides are unbelievable and foods are extremely pricey. It didn't stop us from having the best time ever. Unforgettable indeed.
We went with our son and his 10 year old.  They went running and we met up at intervals.  Like America but smaller, fewer long lines, and lots of very friendly people.
Hong Kong Disneyland was amazing, it was truly the most magical place in Hong Kong from the moment one stepped into the compound. Getting there was extremely easy with the MTR directly stopping at the entrance of Disneyland. Be prepared to spend the whole day at Disneyland!We visited Disneyland on a Monday, and the queues were short for almost every ride, even the popular ones such as the Winnie the Pooh ride. Disneyland crew members were extremely helpful and friendly, and be sure to ask them for stickers! We had quite a lot of fun searching for the character eggs and getting special  surprises  when we found them; and be sure to stay till 2030h for the magical fireworks spectacular!
Had visited on 18th and 19th April with family. Awesome! If you are travelling from a hotel in city, go to GongKong station to catch train to Disney. You need to change at Sunny Bay. Taxi from Disney to Honkong island is around 220 HkD.Food in Disney is expensive. Try carrying snacks. Veg option is there.
We arrived here early afternoon for the day, I'd bought tickets online and was impressed with the price.I went to a ticket machine, no queue at all. Great start.We got right in and there were a lot of characters around the entrance, all of the queues were closed which was disappointing for the kids   why not stagger the times?The overall park felt good, the gardens were stunning. I don't want to compare to Disneyworld in Florida but really the feel of the park was the same   magical.Loved seeing mountains around the park though!The park is smaller but I really don't think it feels small. There was plenty to do. Lots of resturaunts & shops.The queues were not a bad length for most rides, but when watching the staff it really looks like they could organise the crowds much better to reduce waiting times.For example, when rides were exiting on one side the next people weren't through the first gates which meant a longer wait to fill the next ride and longer queues for everyone.More common sense required here! Could be run so much better than it is.Can't remember where we ate but the food was actually really good. Everyone was happy with their meals.LOVED Toy story land! Amazing.The gardens were also something you can't see in Florida. Loved the Tangled area.We seen a few characters later, again they all arrived in the same areas at the same time   this is so silly and not fair for the kids who want to meet a lot of characters.Poor planning.This was the only day it rained whilst we were in Hong Kong but we just bought ponchos & got on with it. The ponchos were pretty pricy, don't see the need for this (global bugbear of mine to take advantage)The park emptied pretty quickly which was actually a huge bonus as some rides had no queues!I was really excited to see the fireworks and electric parade and was sad when these were later cancelled due to the rain.The electric parade looks amazing.Left earlier than planned and jumped in a taxi back to my hotel. The taxi rank was huge and confusing. I asked a few drivers who all directed me to a different zone?All in all a great day was had by all.If you go to Hong Kong with kids I'd say this is a must do.Try not to compare with any other park, just go & enjoy youself.
Like many theme Parks, there are various worlds. U probably need 2 full days to try all the rides or catch all the shows and parades. End of day fireworks. Food and beverages available all over the park. Assessable n friendly to the handicapped. Very friendly staff. A kid's magical place.
It was my first time to go to Disney theme park. We stayed at Kingdom club in Disney hotel so had special entry gate to right end of gate options which made entry quick & easy. When we booked our Disney tickets we were unsure if we were wasting a day of our time in Hong Kong. But we had a fabulous day which was without a doubt our best Disney park experience. We initially though that normal theme park might queue for rides long time, cost, quality of food and overall experience. However, Hong Kong Disneyland is the opposite it wasn't too busy, granted it was a weekday and not peak season. There were no hour long lines for rides most were 5 15 mins so you can do all the rides in one day. It is a well structured park and it was nice to be able to get character photos with just a couple of minutes wait not long lines. Besides, Street parade is great, best spot is between the Disney castle and street as the parade stopped there for quite a while for static entertainment which only a limited number of people saw.The food selection was good, well priced and there were healthy options. Overall, if you haven't been to a Disney park yet go to this one first.
compared to disneyland in tokyo or universal studios , hong kong disneyland is in need of a renovation. The decor looks unmaintained for like years, the color of the buildings look so pale and old. What's worse is the staff here look so moody and unfriendly for a place which is supposedly to be fun and exciting,Nothing much here and some shows are closed so the only mickey mouse show u need to queue over an hour if not you won't be allowed in. The parade was the best part as the performers are a little bit more lively. Other than that nothing exciting here. Only spent like 3 hours or less here.
Awesome as always. This is a place for the yound and young at heart. Had a wonderful time enjoying the parades and the rides. Advise to come early and spend more time in this park.
This was our second visit and our children had ceased to be that excited by it. The Frozen offering remains very limited, the queues were significant. Still a fun day out but not quite the magic experience I believe Disney Land Paris is.
Hong Kong Disney land is so small compare to the other Disney land moreover some of visitor don't know how to queue and that make this place more annoying.
It's a great place for kids and we basically went for this place for our kid only.   So many things to do and children would love being there.
My son celebrated his 3rd birthday here. Indeed it was a magical experience! Only negative is the one who played 'Sofia'. He she should have been friendlier considering the character he she is portraying. When my son touched Sofia, he she stepped down from the stage and signaled not to touch her dress. Sofia allowed other kids to touch her but not my son which I find very rude.
What can I say, it's Disneyland! Completely lived up to my expectations although it was a shame that the whole of grizzly gulch was closed. Food isn't cheap either but then again, it is a theme park after all and I'm happy to pay for all the cute ness. All the staff were helpful and the shows were lovely. Just remember to check in advance whether certain attractions are closed or not if you're hoping to catch a particular one. Also keep in mind that the Stitch shows run in either Cantonese or English.
It was raining during second part of the day and a rain coat for children costs HKD65, which is pricey. The ride, facilities are all fantastic. The show (Mickey & The Wondrous Book) was not really good compare to the last one (The Golden Mickey)   Not really good in the sense of less the real animation character appearing. The other are okay and fun and happy for my children.
So I went to Hong Kong on Friday, April 15, but went to disneyland on the 16th because we brought the 1 day pass with 1 meal for each person. The ride to disney is pretty far away from where my hotel locates at but took us about 1 and a half hours to get there.  When we got to Disneyland, there was so much people, especially its a Saturday. My dad, who didn't come with us told us that Disneyland in Hong Kong comparing it to other ones is really small. At first I believed him but when we got there, there was so much people that I knew, I couldn't play every activity that I want, which is so true. At lunch, we were the at Tomorrowland where they sell junk food. We got this coupon to get a meal but it was junk food and we were starving so we got it. It was really expensive...luckily we got the coupon.  My mom brought the ticket online for about 137 dollars (I can't remember the whole price) with the coupon so why not get it. I do recommend you to Disneyland in Hong Kong, but don't go on weekdays because its really crowed and you can't possibly every of them.
On our trip to Homg Komg we stopped hear for a day. It was amazingly! Unlike the rest of Hong Kong there is tons of open space and the long entry way really surprised me! The park was fun with some classic favorites and some rides that were new to me. I was really impressed with the cast members and honestly it wasn't very expensive. I wouldn't say it's a multi day park but worth a visit. We stayed at the Disney Hollywood hotel and they have bus service that's free but the easiest way there is on the MTR.
Over my Songkran Break (a festival that we celebrate in Thailand) my family and I went to Hong Kong. It was a family trip, and we had so much fun. I think the highlight of this trip is going to Disneyland. Most of my cousins are still young, so they all enjoyed Disneyland.  There are many sections inside Disneyland, but my favorite one is Tomorrowland. It gives you a feeling that you are in the future. Adventureland is also realistic, which gives you a feeling of you walking in the jungle. In Adventureland, you can also cruise the river in a boat. During the boat ride, you get to adventure into the jungle and meet many creatures living inside. Another good thing about Disneyland in Hong Kong is that you don   t have to wait that long for a ride. I was in Disneyland for only about five hours and I got to get on eight rides. You only have to wait about twenty minutes for each ride, which isn   t considered long compared to other theme parks. The food in Disneyland is considered decent. I wouldn   t say that it is that delicious, but it isn   t that bad either. However, the price of the food is very high, considering the quality and the amount that they give us. The merchandise is also expensive, but there are many things to buy in Disneyland.  Overall, I would say that I had a great experience in Disneyland. My whole family had fun. I would look forward to coming here again someday.
You'll never tire going around Hongkong Disneyland, if it's your 1st time to see the theme park. Most of the people I saw at theme park are not 1st time goers. For some, it would take a 2 Day pass to really savour and see all of the theme park. For me, 1 Day pass is enough provided I enter the theme park at opening hours and leave at closing hours.I'm lucky to see 2 parades out of 2 parades for the day and meet and have a photo opporutnity with 6 characters out of a multitude of characters going around during the day. I also had taken 3 autogaphs out of the 6 characters.What best way to spend your birthday than to stay the whole day in theme park. I missed claiming my birthday gift pack or birthday pin arriving 3 days after my birthday.Meals can be pricey it depends upon your budget. Some restaurants can be booked by reservation so that you are assured of a place to eat. I love the Grill at the Royal Banquet Hall and the cute sweet treats at Market St. Bakery.I did not find any postcard of Hongkong Disney specially since it's almost the end of their 10th year Anniversary celebration.
The park is great but if you are going to charge me $$$$ for food you should at least make it better quality than dog food!! Maybe check the rules to see if you can bring some food or snacks with you because you will be disappointed!!
This was our first time visiting any of the Disneyland Resorts and we were really pleased with the experience. We got the MRT from Hong Kong station to Disneyland and it was very easy. The train from Sunny Bay was amazing and an experience in itself, the train had Mickey Mouse shaped windows..that alone raised the excitement levels. We queued for tickets when we arrived and it was really quick and efficient, didn't take more than 5 minutes. All of the workers were really friendly and helpful, especially when we met some of the characters..they showed great patience and enthusiasm. We had a great day out & would highly recommend.
Having visited Euro Disney in Paris the park in Hong Kong is a deja vu. Similar layout and easy to find routes and attractions. Had a nice day and as we visited on a week day (Wednesday) all attractions were walk on (or max 5 minutes waiting time). Visit early as the locals don't like a early start and come in after lunch. Still the park remained relatively empty all day (in the afternoon still no queues). Only queues there,  30 minutes, for character meet&greet.
We think it is great to visit Disney while it is raining as we could complete all the attractions! Bloody short queue!! What a magical day ^^
When we booked our Disney tickets we were unsure if we were wasting a day of our time in Hong Kong. But we had a fabulous day which was without a doubt our best Disney park experience. We had been to Orlando a couple of times and were severely disappointed with the queues, cost, quality of food and overall experience. Hong Kong Disneyland is the opposite it wasn't too busy, granted it was a weekday and not peak season (but we never went to Orlando in peak either). There were no hour long lines for rides most were 5 15 mins so you can do all the rides in one day. It is a well structured park and it was nice to be able to get character photos with just a couple of minutes wait not long lines like in the other Disney parks. The food selection was good, well priced and there were healthy options. If you haven't been to a Disney park yet go to this one first.
We took the Mickey mouse train the 1 stop to the park, kids (4&5yr old girls) loved it, especially the princess sculptures, even the overhead grab handles were Mickey themed. We stayed at Kingdom club in Disney hotel so had special entry gate to right end of gate options which made entry quick & easy. Big tip: turn left after going thru entry to start of Main street and go into the information centre (ask for directions at entry gate if unsure). They gave us a program & timetable of where & when the Disney princesses and characters appear for photos and autographs for the day. We got there early each time, minimal queuing and planned our day around the program. We got around the park in 2 days but a 3rd would've been better, or if our 1st day was as well planned as our 2nd day. Don't pack bulky raincoats, we bought some cheap, lightweight ones within a few mins of needing them so save valuable luggage space. Huge range of Pandora Disney Hong Kong pendants, Disney pendants & limited edition ones & Pandora shops all through the park and at Disney hotel, although stock significantly depleted since my wife's onslaught.On shopping, the train station you catch the Mickey mouse train from (to the park) is actually attached to an enormous factory outlet (DFO) store (again, stock depleted as per above). We did struggle to find western food in the park & what we found wasn't good (what's with chicken sausages hotdogs & Pluto pups).Quite a lot of rides were closed on our visit, maybe low season or just bad luck but consider that 3rd day if everything is running. Street parade is great, best spot is between the Disney castle and street as the parade stopped there for quite a while for static entertainment which only a limited number of people saw. Night parade we saw only from Kingdom club verandah but timed to fireworks so worth seeing, our kids were too tired to stay that late. Overall a great experience, worth the trip.
My wife and I went here on out last day in HK for a bit of fun, just the two of us. Three years before, we went to Disneyland Paris with out two kids and had an amazing time. Sadly, Hong Kong Disneyland was a massive disappointment.
One day is not enough specially on weekend as there was a lot of people and you need to queue for a minimum of 45mins in each ride.Make sure that 30mins before the start of Disney Street Parade you already find and get your place in the main street for a better view and pictures.
We visited on Thursday, trying to avoid the biggest crowd and actually managed to do that. HK Disney is small enough to go trough in one day when there's not too many visitors. The longest queue was app. 15 minutes, so we didn't have to waste time for standing in line.We had a great day, the only reason for four stars is that one of the sites (Grizzly Gulch) wasn't operating at all.
Going to HK Disneyland for the 1st time was just a breeze. You can take the MTR (yellow line) from central towards sunny bay and transfer to the pink line towards disneyland resort station. Its as simple as following the bright eyed tourists with kids and there's no way you'll miss itAs many other theme parks, there are many spots here that are instagram worthy. They are also famous as backdrops for tv and movie shoots (and i was lucky to see one  fanmode). Rides wise, as an adult I'd say the USS in SG is more exhilarating but hey, Disney is designed for kids afterall and people like me who are kids at heart. If you want the rush, the Space Mountain is a must try. Tarzan's TreeHouse was such a waste of time. You take a short raft ride to the other side, climb the tree house, come down and ride the raft back.. I find it really boring but I still got pics. 2 of the rides in adventureland were under maintenance so that cut our visit short. Buzz Lightyear's ride was also interactive especially designed for kids. Pictures with your favorite Disney characters were also queued on so you have to be quick if you wanted Mickey's pic as its queue could last ages. The place had many restos and shops to choose from... Perhaps the best thing i should say about this trip was the Disney Parades and the fireworks at the end. It sure lived up to expectations and like a kid, i was grinning and smiling and waving like crazy. Make sure you catch the Flights of Fantasy at around 3pm.. but the best one is Mickey's Fantasy of Lights. It was just awesome. Make sure you get a good seat around 5pm and get a good view of Cinderella's Castle as its the best spot to catch the parades as well as the fireworks after. Its an absolute must see.The crowds would be very heavy after the fireworks towards the MTR so its best to stay awhile to maybe get some photos or do some last minute shopping for souvenirs and wait for the crowd to lessen before hitting your way back. Overall, it was a great experience.
The rollercoaster  Space Mountain  was fun, but the ticket are a bit expensive. It was a great experience and also had a good view. The fireworks are good, also the night parade. the only part that was bad was everything was too expensive even the shops. Recommend you to go and only buy one or too things because it will make you have a big budget. It was great fun overall and had a great time. Really recommend you to visit there. Sadly, our favourite Golden Mickey show closed about half year to one year ago, and has become Storybook theatre. Still amazing, but miss the Golden Mickey as Storybook theatre mostly uses computer technology
I write this as a huge Disney fan. We have been to Orlando Disney at least five time and it is very hard to believe that this place is even run by the same people. First of all, half of it is closed down. While they say on the sign that the main rides are closed for a few days for renovations, i think this is an outright lie. From the looks of it, one of the two main attractions(the mining cars) is covered in scaffolding and looks to be shut down for months, not days. This effectively cuts e park in half. Plus, at least one third if all the restaurants were closed, resulting in mass chaos at the one remixing restaurant This, but the way, was on a Sunday in AprilI don't know who these people are that say you need two days, but that is absurd. We saw every show and road every ride in about 5 hours on a crowed Sunday. Then, we literally ran out of things to do. And for those of you expecting the the magical experience, you better hop on the next plane to Orlando. The place was filled with overflowing trash bins and miserable employees. And when say miserable, think country fair miserable ( rider is over kid, move on ).
This is a happiest place in the world, when your dreams come true. Hongkong disneyland give their visitor a new excisting not only for kids but adult too. we can spend our time with many attraction and never feel bored. if you hungry they have restaurant around and if you moslem dont worry because they have halal restaurant too in Adventure land, named TAHITIAN RESTO.
We brought a 2 day pass, on the second day we went late in the day so the kids would make it to the fireworks without being grumpy tired. So it pretty much rained the whole day the first day, thankfully it was still humid and warm, otherwise would have been a miserable day. But we just slapped on our ponchos and off we went with the rest of the souls there in the rain. Sooo glad it rained!!!! It kept the crowds away and we pretty much walked onto every ride without having to queue and from the looks of some of the queuing areas they can get really really long! We did everything the first day apart from Micky's Comic Book journey and the fireworks. We were so surprised but all of the rides kept running even in the rain. The parades were cancelled however. Our kids really enjoyed the Space Mountain, Mystic Manor, Jungle River Cruise and the 3D PhilharMagic show. My husband got  picked on  during the interactive Stitch Encounter show which the kids thought was great. Be prepared for the expense of food and beverages. WoW expensive. ( eg Micky shaped ice creams on a stick $7 AUD each, still trying to get over it). Ride attendants could use some enthusiasm and perhaps crack a smile every now and again but perhaps this is cultural thing. They are also really strict with their height restrictions for rides to the extent of pushing my 9 year olds hair apart to measure directly on his head. The fireworks don't start until 8:30 pm but they start shutting down rides and areas of the park at 7:30pm so make sure you get your last rides done before then. The fireworks are worth staying for. There is something magical about watching fireworks set to Disney tunes being blasted over a fantasy castle that are truely amazing. In summary the park is small compared to Disney Aneheim, can't even compare, you don't need a 2 day ticket to get everything done, don't be put off by the rain as it does have its advantages!
Our family stayed the whole day in Hong Kong Disneyland,kids were very happy and enjoyable,very plesant and wonderful.Staffs inside are very kind,but this one is a little smaller than the Orlando Walt Disney World Resort.
Great family day out with our kids, March is a bit cold, so the park was not crowded, we were able to get on many ride in less than 10 minutes. The meal plan included with the park ticket is great value.
Was here on April 9 and 10, my kids had fun, some rides had a longer waiting time but if you wait it out you can ride all the rides in one day, some attractions were cool, specially the 2 shows, lion king and wondrous book, lots of restos to choose from and food was delicious, was as all people know prices in theme parks are kinda pricey, my kids had fun so thats the important thing!
Really enjoyed our day here. It is a small Disneyland but that has the advantage in that you can do this in a day if you are only In HK for a short visit as we were. We only had to queue for a short while on some of the rides our longest wait was for the cable car Its a bit hilly so be prepared and wear suitable shoes... high heels are not a good idea !! We ate lunch there and while it was not gourmet food it was ok for fast food and the staff are well organised so your not waiting too long to get served.. The parade at the end of the day was really lovely and worth staying to watch .. our granddaughter was so excited to see all of the characters and dancing etc., It was easy to get to on the subway Disney Train and not expensive. Worth spending the whole day there, the prices of food snacks drinks is slighty more expensive than outside of the theme park but not too bad ..but if your on a budget take plenty of drinks and snacks with you.
For the financees 30th birthday she decided she wanted to be 10 again so it was off to Disneyland we go! I love a good theme park but had never visted a Disney brand land before and was reserving judgement as I wasnt sure how well it would hold up for a childless couple. I was therefore very happy when it turned out to be a great fun day for us both and we were never short of things do. A few of the activities were  a bit young  but you could pick those as being pitched to the correct target audience and we did them anyway. The weather just held we were pretty lucky with relatively short lines most of the day. Make sure you get out there early and avoid holidays if you can. Even with our short queues we still didnt get to see and do all we wanted so you'd have to be pretty selective if you were waiting 30 40 minutes instead of 15 20 like wer were.The place is immacualte. There is nothing around to break the illusion that you are in Disneyland. Everything has been planned and executed to a really high degree and though you know it is a fantasy world, it looks and feels  real . Every corner of the park is manicured and maintained to rediculously high standard. Even the scuff marks, chipped paint and cobwebs you usually see while waiting in line desperate for something to look at are conspicuously absent. They must have an army of workers cleaning and repairing the place every night.One of the big rollar coasters was closed, but other than that we got to enjoy most of the main attractions. The stage shows where multi lingual, if anything favouring English for the most part, but providing the missing subtitles in Cantonese and Mandarin or English where required. It might be small in area, but they pack a lot in to the modest footprint. We prebought food vouchers for lunch, dinner and a snack, which while still expensive as you'd expect, saved us quite a bit. BYO food and drink if you are looking to save money, it is all really pricey. (The popcorn is pretty awesome though!) The two parades (day and night) are definitely worth a watch, as is hanging around for the fireworks just before the park closes. All in all it was a great day out, and the girl cant wait to go to the one in Shanghai that opens soon too.One last hint: The longest line of the day (seriously tried my patience at 90 minutes) was the one she most wanted to join... photos with Mickey & Minnie. It takes AGES and only happens twice a day. There are very limited spots and they close the line as soon as it is full. Check the schedule and send someone very early or like us it will chew up a lot of your time. The only thing worse that that wait would have been the tears if she missed out ;) A very happy 30th birthday girl indeed, she would give it 6 stars.
I can't really fault the Disneyland experience but the website could be a lot more informative. Fastpass is available for 2 attractions   Space Mountain and Adventures of Winnie the Pooh. Autopia is simply not worth the 60 minute wait. Water fountains are available throughout the park which is appreciated because the food and drinks are outrageously priced. We decided to exit the park, take a 20 minute MTR ride to Tung Chung MTR station (2 stops away) and eat at the Citigate Mall next to the Tung Chung MTR station and save ourselves a tonne of money, only to spend it at the Disneyland gift shop! An earlier review said that tickets at the park at cheaper. I cannot see how he she arrived at that conclusion. Not only are the tickets at the park counters priced the same, you have to queue up for them. If you had purchased them online, you can have your tickets printed at a separate counter and beat the queue. It's 2016 and I still see 90% of the visitors purchasing tickets at the counter!!! The shows and parades were fantastic and worth your time   Mickey and the Wondrous Book, Festival of the Lion King, and Mickey 3D Theatre. We bought discounted tickets at klook and they are even cheaper than Disneyland's own 10 year anniversary 2 day ticket promotion.
Great day out for all the family. we reckon just the right size for the day go early and you can get to nearly every part of disneyland at ease. Everything is laid out well the queues not to long, the day we went the weather was perfect which helped, the kids loved it from the moment we arrived to the parade at the end of the evening as well as the big kids (us).
This it the third time I have been to this Disneyland. I am a self admitted Disneyophile. In the past 2 visits, I have been very pleased with the quality for the price. Yes, this was a smaller park, but the price reflected that. It didn't have a lot of people in it and this was a plus. You could ride on or go directly into any show or attraction, you wanted. The price for food and souvenirs was reasonable. That is all in the past. They have built new lands and new attractions in the last 10 years, not surprising and very welcome. However the price has risen also. It is not what you pay in the US yet, but the number of lands and attractions is not equal yet. What is surprising to me is the hugh increase in the cost of everything overall. No longer can I bring back a shirt or eat in the park. Want a ballon, it will cost you over $20 US. Want a bag to show that you bought the few things you could afford? It too will cost you. The only way I will go back to this Disneyland is if the senior price is still present when I turn 65 in 10 years.
Its an awesome experience. The park is divided by different themes and each theme has restaurants, souvenir shops and different characters for you to take picture with as well as rides or things to do. My 6 year old daughter enjoyed the Mickey's philharmagic in Fantasyland very much. It's a 3D show which was too surreal for her. Boys will definitely love adventureland... They had jungle river cruise. There was a night parade of all the characters at around 8pm followed by a firework display at the sleeping beauty castle at 8.30pm.
As a child I used to watch the Walt Disney Show on television and the Disney characters are all familiar to me...visiting HK Disneyland was a chance for me to live my dreams.....all the sections I was able to experience in a day but the best parts were the boat ride in Adventureland due to my love for the forest and Africa ; and the Small World where I got a chance to travel the world musically (I was glad the Philippines was featured)..the food and drinks were expensive though but anyway I was after the fun and the sights...the night parade and fireworks were spellbinding !!!!!..in Disneyland my dreams came true and I was a child again
We went to Hong Kong Disneyland had a great time went by train a little pricey  the enter cost but what the heck. We are both in our 60's spent all day their with plenty to do  and the night parade was Excellent.
This is the second Disney land I have visited after Orlando and I didn't like it again. Those parks are just overrated with too many people and little rides.For the rides you need to wait for long time and even for kids is not so much to see.Prices in the park are as usual overpriced as well. If you are in HK just a short time go to Ocean park which is a bit better.
Disneyland HK is awesome, very clean and neat. Liked the fact that some of the rides were update to modern world. Like small world u notice that the toys are new and cant notice some of the joints. Its a bet of small park so one whole day is good but avoid weekends and holidays it gets really busy. What i didn't like about it were two things. Quality of food was ok, i remember in orlando and paris food was so good but in this park food was average, except for deserts they were very good. Maybe thats to keep cost down but would consider having 1 or 2 resturant with higher quality food (could be burger and pasta better than what they got right now). The biggest thing that upseted me was taking picture with characters. We walked in to the park and my 1 year old saw Mickey and Donald and ran to them. But the people handling the line said they are done cause they got to get ready for the parried. It was only 12 and parried is at 3 pm. They said come back after 3:30!!! Like kids can work with appointments. How can u say no to a kid. What was more upsetting we went to a store close by came out and saw some new people in the line!!! Its like choosing, was going to make an issue on the spot but my girl wanted to play so didn't want to make her day worse. I am not sure if management will read this but they need to get their staff act together and get them educated on how to manage a kids world (not a adult world).
A bit of a drive from main Hong Kong, its a good way to spend they day for kids as well as adults who are children at heart. Especially if you haven't been to the Disney world in Florida. If you have then maybe its a good idea to skip this as its on a much much smaller scale.
Great amusement park.. the parade is fantastic.. everybody work there is so helpful for foreigners.. the character of disney is well performed..
I am so happy that we opted to visit Hong Kong Disneyland! The park is smaller than some, but it was easy to navigate and crowds were at a minimum. We visited on a Monday in December over our winter break. At the park we were able to ride every ride we wanted to, and even ride Space Mountain twice with no wait! Food selection in the park was good and not terribly expensive. It was a wonderful day for our family!
We were either lucky or came at the right time but the park was quiet. We hardly had to queue and were able to watch the parades with ease. You could experience most of the park in a day as it is tiny in comparison to Disney World.
For someone who grew up going to Disneyland (only live 30 minutes away), I really wanted to visit the HK one on my trip. The first thing you that strikes you is it's just like the one in Anaheim, yet at the same time completely different. It's a weird and wonderful feeling at the same time. Clean, inexpensive and wonderful. It's about half as large (if even that much) and not a lot of ride for older teens or adults, but it's still got that Disney magic that transports you back in time to when you were a kid. The one side benefit for being smaller is you can be happy with just half a day visit (and you don't get that totally dog tired feeling afterward). I highly recommend.
A fun place to be, no matter how old you are, you will always find a place or attraction to enjoy.  The lion king show is fun to attend and off course don't miss the fireworks show at night
I have never been to anything Disney in my life and being in Hong Kong, it was like killing 2 birds with 1 stone.Being a hotel guest, I was able to book tickets with my HANDY (free mobile provided by my hotel). A short walk to the MTR and a transfer to another MTR line lead my wife and myself to the Disney MTR which is Disney related. Upon arrival, we were allowed to bypass the line to the automated ticket dispenser due to my HANDY device.Upon entering the Magic Kingdom, I was greeted with wonderment and awe. It was simply amazing! We ventured to the rides and either one had a to wait 40 minutes for a ride that lasted only 5 minutes, but it was completely safe for the kids. The train ride only went for half way, so if you wish to come back to where you started from, you would need to board again.Food varied at the various restaurants due to themes of the area. BBQ fried squid and shredded was what intrigued my wife and we also had cotton candy at the small kiosks. A fruit flavored snow cone and a chili hot dog was a snack, and the kiosk provided plastic disposable gloves for us to eat the chili dog with.Overall it wa a magical moment for the both of us. One has to wait a bit for the rides, so one should arrive early, like when it opens to beat the line ups. Booking online helps, and if one is a hotel guest, a HANDY mobile device may be included in the room. That mobile device helped a lot, and it was what provided the discount to our visit.
We went on a Monday so the park was not crowded. We managed to take many rides and the queues only went up to 5 minutes each! The weather in April is a cool 22 degrees C as well so we felt comfortable. Mystic Manor is a good ride, as is the usual Space Mountain and Buzz Lightyear. In all, we spent about 5 hours at the park and it was more than enough to cover what we wanted to cover. I just wished the park was bigger and had more thrill rides but it is Disneyland so it mainly has rides that are suited for kids.
Ok..so here are the things to remember for HK Disneyland.. 1. Do not bring selfie sticks  monopod: A lady there politely told me to keep my stick because it's not allowed inside...so i did..but unfortunately, there are some..only some locals using that...lol2. Foods and drinks are not allowed inside. You need to buy foods and drinks there so better bring a lot of money coz the price inside is really DOUBLED! Don't forget to try their MICKEY PANCAKE, it tastes very very good! 3. Be patient on the ques..almost every ride takes 30 40minutes waiting time. :)4. Provide an entire day for Disneyland. The parade and fireworks display are worth the wait.5. Save your batteries for the  nightlife  at Disneyland! 6. Make sure to bring beanies  jacket (specilly during January February months) it is really damn cold!!! :)Have fun!!!
Quite a bit smaller than the one in Florida, but still has a variety of rides (Space Mountain etc...)   Not cheap for 1 day, but if you live here the yearly passes are good value.
my 3rd visit to hk disney. it's a wonderful place for a one day visit. come here around 10am and have lunch, watch parade, have a rest at the disney dock, come back at night to see the firework. it's one of the best fireworks i have ever seen. it's convenient to take disney line back to city.
My wife once go there with friends and shes fall in love with it....our next honeymoon trip is there as shes lounging to go there again...soon we'll be there together...
Not really a Disney fan and visited for my 9 year old daughter but ended up having a superb day and thoroughly enjoying it.It is easy to be cynical about Disney and yes there are lots of opportunities to buy things, but the overall impression is of a genuine *fun* park with very high standards and attention to detail.The park is just the right size for a single day trip (you don't need two) and you can get around all the good rides at least once in this time. Loved it.
My 4th visit to Disney, first to Hong Kong Disneyland and yet we all enjoyed with our 3yrs old son, who simply didn't stop talking, he just had too much to process. Fantasy land was the best for him as we took the Disney express around and then to meet Mickey and Money in person was simply too exciting for him. The   'Its a small world after all' ride and the shows 'PhilarMagic'  3d show, new stage show 'Story book' were the best here, also the pachyderm ride and Winnie the pooh ride is good for young children. The next best was Adventure land with the jungle river cruise and the great show 'Festival of the Lion King' should not be missed at all. Avoid the Tomorrow land ride space mountain indoor roller coaster with young kids and if u R not in for sudden jerks and high speed. Toystoryland has good rides for little children. Mystic point was a good ride, Mystic Manor which seems like the new HauntedMansion. Disney Paint the night parade is a great too at 7:30pm at Mainstreet. Overall too much fun, not enough energy with one very exhausted family. BTW the vegetarian options on Mainstreet are very limited but good soup and pasta. Better than in Europe or the US or Tokyo, though these are bigger parks with lot many attractions. Hong Kong Disneyland land is the best covered with the day pass. It was rather warm too with 27 degrees C in the open but was pleasant in the evening.
The rides seem shorter than in the US Disneylands and the train is definitely slower, but otherwise it's what you would expect from Disney. Very clean and well produced. The lines are short this time of year because local schools are in session  an excellent time to visit.
SO my kids are 19 and 15 and have never done any disneylands but gee did they have a great time at this place. I would highly recommend but get there early to avoid waiting in line for rides and I would certainly recommend going to the car ride first   we waited an hour. I was a bit disappointed we did not see many disney characters walking around   but we were probably just in too many queues haha
We have 4.5 year old son and a single day (11 5) was perfect. We saw everything, went on a few rides, eat, laughed and got our photo with buzz light year. For his age a day is enough, 'maybe' with older kids 2 days would be messed art but only if you are ultra keen. Magic does happen....
The closest Disneyland to India but sadly also the smallest one in the world, it is a must visit if in Hong Kong with family kids. Stay in the park for one day to fully enjoy the rides and rush. Take a two day ticket if staying inside one of the hotels. Rides are great and cater for all tastes.
It is a good thing we visit the park on a weekday (Thursday). Queue is not long and crowd is less hence we were able to enjoy the rides and shows. Unfortunately the night parade was cancelled which is one of the reasons we stayed late. Good thing the fireworks were a good sight before we went back to our hotel at Disneyland.
The Hong Kong Disneyland is a rather small but cosy park. Very enjoyable.  I visited in low season, so the park was not crowded at all.  Highly recommended!
We love theme parks and have visited several theme parks around the world. Unfortunately this is the worst we've been so far. This was our second visit to Disneyland in Hong Kong. The park was overcrowded with long queus. Due to the guests from mainland China there was a lot of queue jumping which resulted in a lot of fighting and pushing. The staff of the park did nothing to control these people. We stayed for four days but after day two my children did not want to go to the park anymore due to these rude, unbehaved guests from the mainland. Toilets are disgusting with human feces on the floors   again due to these uncivilized guests. The staff are rude and not all of them can speak English. They shout and scream at everyone. It was hot and all queues are in the sun. So be prepared to stand for hours in the sun in a queue with people pushing and breathing on you. I cannot recommend this park to anyone with small children. During the parades adults are pushing you. On more than one occasion I almost dropped my child due this. I visited this park about seven years ago and it was totally different. It definitely worsened over the years. If you are looking for a fun filled family vacation at a theme park, please AVOID this one at all cost. Rather go to the more civilized Disneyland in Tokyo.
Although much smaller than the other Disney sites we have visited ( Paris, California and Florida) this Disneyland was well worth the visit. We had with us our 35 month old grandson for whom this was his first experience of any of the Disney sites, and he loved ii all, from the Disney themed metro train to actually walking in Disneyland its self he was almost shaking with excitement and he loved every moment. If you have small children or are a lover of all things Disney then this is well worth a visit.
Its an excellent place for ones who love Fantasy, Thrill, Adventure, DISNEY. Please make sure to buy two day passes to enjoy this to fullest. Look out for Fast pass entries. Stich encounter is waste can be avoided.
Somehow Disney just know how to run a theme park. They don't charge for fastpass usage. They have great queues. Friendly staff. Well maintained equipment. The only thing is the 'captive pricing' for their food   but on the flip side even that was of decent quality. Well worth going, and the  Disneytrain  from Sunny Bay was pretty cool too.The evening parade and fireworks were the best I've ever seen too! :)
Firstly, the best way to get here is definitely the MTR rail network. It drops you just one stop away at Sunny Beach and you get the Disney train to the entrance from there. I was fortunate enough to check Disney H K online the night before our visit and I saved a good bit of money by buying the visitors special offer price of two adults and one child for 1087 H K Dollars. Entry price at door is $538 adult and $385 children. Do the maths cos its a  no brainer .! Try and avoid weekends cos queueing is horrendous. We went on Monday and we still had to wait between 40 mins and 1 hour for the various rides. Take in the live shows and arrange the rides between the show times. We saw  The Lion King  and the  Mickey Mouse story book  and both were worth seeing. The parade is also a lovely spectacle so my advice is to arrive early, get the programme of events and the site map and just sit down and plan your day. It will be worth the effort. Its a good day out and we enjoyed it.
We got the two day pass and have 2 small children (age 2 1 2 and 3 months). There were plenty of things to do and we really could have done 3 days at the park. As a nursing mom of an infant I found it really nice. They have a baby care center with private nursing rooms. I loved it because my husband could take my 2 year old on a couple of rides and come back when I was done feeding our baby. There were several rides that I had the infant in our ergo carrier and rode as well. The park is clean, and the staff very friendly as you would expect from any Disney park. We thought the live show performances were pretty good, but the actors and actresses could use some work on their English pronunciation and enunciation as a lot of it was hard to understand even though they were speaking singing in English. It is worth it to stay for the night parade and firework show!
It's nice but not more than that. If ur kid is a Disney buff he will have a blast, if not u might find the place a bit disappointing. It's run down, much smaller and less attractive somehow than other Disney around the world, but if u have nothing to compare it too you'll enjoy it. Food is over priced, mainly Asian (Chinese Indian) so bring along sandwiches and drinks. Also, no alcoholic beverages (for the adults)... Also, don't come on weekends or holidays.
I've only been to two Disneylands: Hong Kong and Paris. Though HK Disneyland is smaller, I think it's much better than Paris Disney. I want to go there again one day.
HK Disneyland although small compared to Tokyo is still a great getaway if you want to plan something with Real Good HK Food!! You must stay at least 2 nights and enjoy the rides slowly with your family.Recommended rides would be Mystic Manor, Small world, Teacup ride, Lion King Show in the Wild Threatre and don't miss having breakfast with Chef Mickey!!
I can tell Disneyland impressed me a lots and they enchanting my little ones like crazy. I love the settings and layout, very nice tidy and organised. They have lots of cafe stalls souvenir shops which basically you can grab what you need within reasonable walking distance. The only downside is no free wifi available. If you are not local and you came with whole crowd and lost your family member then you need to be in expensive roaming fee. Ocean park offers free wifi which made my family gathering easier.
Hk Disney was amazing! We went on a weekday and had almost no lines! We went on every ride in the park  someEven 5 or 6 times!! The shows were stunning! The food was great! We even got to be the 'first family' and open the park with a golden key! The only line was autopia  so hit that first!! Also  you story land can get a bit congested!
It is a good place to bring the childern to spend a day. But, it is not comparable to LA , Tokyo or the Disney World. It is much smaller and I just don't find the motivation to queue uo for something that I have seen before. The staffs are visibly bored and I ca understand why. Better go in Winter wgen it is dry and not boiling hot. The food inside, undersatandably, is very expensive.
Hong Kong Disney is great for young children our Grandson is almost 3 and he was so excited with all the characters and rides.The food was reasonable prices and the the queues were not too long.All in all not as big as Florida but for young kids probably a better one to go to.A must see if you have young kids visiting Hong Kong
never too old for disney!! like going back to childhood and really fun. although a lot of games for children. but some of the games are really bringing me into childhood memories. and there are some toys for adults. and do not miss the show!
Finally I fulfill my child dream. Go to Disneyland. Sounds exaggerating. But trust me, you will feel younger when you go there. I wish I can visit another disneyland in other country
It was a good day outing with kids. It's a small park, but entertaining nonetheless. The fireworks at night is amazing.
This is smaller than the American parks. One full day will get you around the whole park. We went when it was overcast and threatening to rain, so we had virtually no lines for the rides. Classic Disney feel, cleanliness etc. Good compromise if you are traveling with kids
We had a nice day, but I was very disappointed to find out that they had closed down the Grizzly Grouch as well as a few other attractions for renovation. Also we were lined up for the Autopia but they closed the thing due to weather reports about thunder clouds.. safety first but hello we can survive a few drops of rain.. The Space Mountain however was amazing, did ride it 2 times. The shows were also amazing, especially Festival of The Lion King was incredibly good!! The Mickey and the Wondrous Book show however was partly in Chinese, so make sure to sit on the right side or middle so you can see right monitor where they text it (left side monitor is Chinese only). Flights of Fantasy Parade was great! Just position yourself early to have the beast view. We did Main Street, but I recommend doing the left side of circle looking towards the castle, as the parade stops for quite some time there and perform dances for you to enjoy. Sadly they cancelled the Disney Paint The Night parade..... I wish they would give me a new ticket to watch this.. but they were scared of rain... however it did not rain so much after all..... that sucked.. anyways the fireworks was the best I've ever seen, mainly due to its timing and quality, the brightest and clearest and most colorful fireworks I've ever seen... amazing!
I love HK Disney. It's a little small, but it's like a little piece of the US in HK with an Asian twist. People are friendly as you can expect at Disney. Lines for character photos are ridiculously long. A wait for Mickey and Minnie could be at least 45  1 1 2 hours long.
Gr88 place with plenty of attraction for all age grp . If you want to complete it in one day than first read all abt Disneyland and than go .
The Hong Kong Disneyland is small and that's what makes it fun. I spent a good day there with family and very much enjoyed it.
Numerous times I came here and now with 4 more adults and two 5 year olds! Even if our mindset was set to entertain the kids, we sneaked off for some  adult  rides as well and we were not disappointed. Toy Story Land and the Grizzly Gulch presented a few rides that are good for bigger kids   aka us (ha!). Less people in line but now I know that it's best to get the FAST PASS for the more popular rides like WInnie the Pooh and the 4D shows. Best to visit on a non peak day   weekday, perhaps, if you can. Also on cooler months so the wait in line will not be so horrendous. Everybody is anticipating the biggest Disney Park though, so HK is pulling all stops to make the park more attractive like the afternoon parade in addition to the one at night.
This is my 4th time to be in HK Disneyland and I can say that the excitement in going around the whole park is always there. I much appreciated the new Mickey's Wondrous Book because the featured stories are more of the recent Disney stories so the young kids found it easy to relate & understand. The production for the play is awesome. My family also appreciated much the storyland ride.The lights parade at night and the new fireworks display with the projected story is a must see.And as an add on treat, we always make it a point to buy the turkey leg and grilled squid at the shop near the toy story area.
One of the very best attraction in asia...especially for young kids! Its like living in a magical kingdom. Love every minute spent in it!
Not having been to HK Disney before o was very pleasantly surprised. It was really good. We went on a Tuesday and whilst busy it was not crowded and we managed to go on a good number of rides, some repeatedly. There were good toilet facilities (fairly plentiful) that were clean and had baby changing facilities. You could hire strollers (we didn't need them but I saw them around).The rides were great. My faves were Autopia, Mystic Manor and the Wild River Cruise. My kids really enjoyed Space Mountain, the Toy Story parachute ride and the RC. My only criticisms were of the food. It is outrageously expensive. HK$ 900 for a meal for 2 adults and 2 kids.
I visited Disneyland with my son and his partner who are slightly past teenagers but we had an enjoyable day .Found the park was very quiet so was easy to get on all rides most only a 5 min wait.Food very expensive and several food places across the park were closed.We travelled by train which was a very easy way of transport with everything well signed very easy and quick.Have been to Disneyland in the US this isn't as grand as there but a good day was had.
We had a great time at Disneyland. Having small kids the park was big enough that we could get around all the attractions and ride some of the rides 2 or 3 times each. Food choices are more Asian variety but was good. We were tempted with the 2 day pass but 1 day was plenty.
My wife and I spent our anniversary last September at Disneyland in California. Wanted to compare Disneyland HK while visiting there in March.HK is a bit smaller in size, but still large enough to take a full day to see. Some rides and attractions are in California that aren't in HK, and vice versa.One of our favorites that is unique to HK was the Mystic Manor. Kind of like the California park's Haunted Mansion, with lots of animatronics, holographic projections and Disney characters that we have never experienced before.It was raining most of the Thursday we chose to visit. Still lots of people, but VERY SHORT lines into all attractions.Our trip to Hong Kong was for eleven days. We ate VERY WELL, but truth be told, we had some of the best Cantonese food during our entire trip in the park at the Plaza Inn off Main Street!Even if you don't get to Disneyland HK, you should take the special one stop metro that services it, as the trains have Mickey Mouse shaped windows and subway straps, and blue velvet couch style seating, with brass sculptured Disney characters in the cars.A must for all kids, young and old!
Or son just turned 3 so we decided that we should visit Disneyland before we headed back home to Canada He loved the rides and getting to meet Buzz Lightyear was amazing to. Life is always better at Disneyland right.All in all it was fun and we would say go for it if you have a young kid and are in HK
My second time here, previous was in 2012. More attractions, more people. Especially love the night parade
We were quite excited to come here and getting here was super easy on the MTR underground and overground. However we sadly slightly disappointed as we were expecting more Disney characters walking around. My daughter really wanted to see the Frozen characters which were advertised on the website as being in Fanstasy land but when we got there we could see Sophia the princess working her socks off, but the Frozen sister's were nowhere to be seen. The rides are ok but nothing amazing for a 4 year old.
Best time to visit is starting Sunday morning, less q and easier to enjoy all the rides. Buy for 2 days tickets is more than enough for family vacations.
This is nothing like the size or scale of Disney in Florida. I went with my 11 year old son in March. The weather was great. I wouldn't want to go in the summer with rain, heat and high humidity. In each of the four or 5 sectors, there is one big ticket ride. The lines as always in Disney are long and for some of the rides, we felt that a 40 minute wait was not worth it   Winnie the Pooh ride and the Autopia ride for example. If you have a toddler, I'd avoid any rides with long lines. You can get fast track tickets which are a better option but go early and plan your rides ahead for this option to work for you. Food options are very limited with a few corn cob, hot dog, pop corn and candy floss stalls and over crowded restaurants selling mediocre Chinese and western food. Take your own. We purchased a 2 day ticket but were fed up with the heat and the crowds after a day. If you are selective about your rides, there is no need to purchase a 2 day ticket. Entry lines die down at about 2 or 3 pm.
We took our 7 year old to Hong Kong Disneyland and had a ball. Take the MTR and get a great surprise when the last train shows up. Your kids will love it! It was a cool midweek day so there weren't large crowds. Generally less than 10 minutes to get on a ride. Easy to get around the whole place in a day which was great! Beware of the Space Mountain rollercoaster. There were plenty of tears from kids leaving the ride and perhaps a few adults. If all the other rides average 3 in scariness, Space Mountain is a 20. Frightened the crap out of me too! Do the 3D show and go into the Buzz Lightyear ride. It was fun!
Hong Kong Disneyland  When you are there you will feel you become young again you can spend all day there with your kids,family they have nice restaurant and a lot of games and lovely show at the end with fire works .
Our family of 4 had a spare day and decided to go to Disneyland. We took the MTR was which easy and very fast. The park itself was fun but small. There are only 2 real rollercoaster rides. All in all we had a good day and are glade we've seen
By whole HK trip was going south till Disneyland happened.  Very nice experience. Rides are a blast even for my 3 year old.  The 8 year old daughter enjoyed to the MAXXXXX.  The main  reason for visiting HK!!!!
If you have been to other Disney parks give this one a miss.  So much smaller and many of the popular rides missing.  Highlights were space mountain, river cruise and mystic house.  Always a great atmosphere, no crowds here, no queues for rides.
Very small in comparison to the Original. Appreciate all rides need maintenance but it was the major ride we went for and it was closed!!! Grizzly area, so we were not happy. Parades were fantastic. Compared to original, there was a lack of souvenirs. Characters were very hard to come by and you had to line up for ages so we didn't bother. You can do the park in one full day from open to close. A utopia Cars has the biggest line up of an hour so would recommend to do first off. Glad I have been
HK Disneyland, an awesome place to be but kinda small. Been here for at least 7 times with friends, and family on different occasions. Best time to visit is probably when its not peak season and not week ends, my last experience was the best as it was all empty.. the whole ride was for like four to ten ppl only..
If you are with kids must buy two days pass becoz long queues will consume more time in queues. However, in case of small queues  then one day pass is sufficient.
We are lucky enough to live in Hong Kong so we've bought annual passes. We've been several times and each time is as lovely as before!! The park is definitely aimed at young children, there are only 3 'big' rides but it is fabulous with little ones.We try to get to the park for opening at 10 as most rides don't start getting huge queues until about 11.30 or so.Looking forward to our next trip!!
We visited Hong Kong Disneyland in March, the weather was not too cold and not too warm. It is great to see how all staff tries to get the children involved. Well done!
So, before I went to this Disney I was racking my brain to decide if I wanted to purchase a two day pass or a single day pass   I knew it was the smallest Disneyland but there were conflicting reviews about it so I decided to go the two day. I got everything done in the first. Sure, I was really lucky with some of the wait times but I ended up going on pretty much every single ride, saw every single show and went into every single gift shop. I would imagine for a normal family, there would be some attractions you would be interested in and some you would not be. Also I should mention I went right in the middle of Chinese New Year so the park was packed with locals meaning i'd expect wait times to be even better from what I had experienced. This park also doesn't have as much of a variety of pop up character appearances or merchandise options so my focus of the second day ended up just being me repeating shows rides to get my money's worth. Don't get me wrong, I am a Disney fanatic but once you calculate the passes, the accommodation for the extra night you're staying in HK, if you eat the overpriced park food and I imagine the emotional investment in dealing with a tired child, i'd save it for one day, choose the highlights you really WANT to see and then work your way from there   you'll have enough time.
Awesome place for kids but it is recommended to buy tickets online and the fast track optiom to skip the que..also food is quite expensive in some restaurants but nice...all the shows are amazing
Although Disneyland in Hong Kong is indeed smaller, that doesn't mean it's less fun. Especially when you almost drowned in rain visiting Disneyland Tokyo and visiting Hong Kong Disneyland with so much sun! Visited with perfect weather and not too many people.   small so perfect for a 1 day visit   try to see all parades (1pm 10th anniversary, 3pm regular parade)  MUST SEE 7.15pm paint the night and fireworks!   as a Baymax fan, I was really happy finding a Baymax tumbler for only $58HKD  food isn't too expensive  good accesibilty with public transport (take MTR to Sunny Bay and take the Disney themed metro to Disneyland). Tips:   try to plan the day that you're completely 'finished' at 6.30pm and you will find a good spot for the 'paint the night' parade.   bummed to find out there was a possibility to take a picture with Baymax   Disneystores are still opened after the fireworks but really crowded  make sure you wear enough clothes because after the evenings sets in, it can get chilly
This is my first trip to Hong Kong Disneyland, it was a memorable trip.Entering amusement park the moment, I seem to see a childhood dream world.Especially, when I saw the Disney cartoon characters appeared, this was too good to be true!There huge crowds of people, so I only have to play three entertainment facilities.Unfortunately, because of bad weather, the outdoor procession with the facility have been canceled, but after the rain stopped at night to see the Disney fireworks, it's a fortune out of misfortune. If I go to Disneyland next time, I hope it   s good weather.
Awesome time at Hong Kong Disneyland with my 10 year old while my husband attended a conference.  This park is smaller than Disneyland in LA and Orlando, but rides are very much the same. Lines are shorter and it's just as magical. We loved it.
going to disney takes up the whole day , the rides are good , go for the express pass with single rider lane to move fast.
Loved it and had lots of fun with family...loved the rollercoaster rides and their shows....the MTR takes you there directly and did not have any problem getting there.
This is one of the small Disneylands but very good to spend a day or two in, especially with children that are not yet teenagers.We visited Hong Kong Disneyland on a Tuesday in March and that was probably a very good decision. It wasn't too hot and the queues   waiting lines were not so long.Everything was very well taken care of and clean and the staff   sorry, cast   was very friendly and helpful. My daughter (6 years) loved hunting for stickers.I personally love roller coasters and fast rides but for that there was only RC Racer in Toyland and   of course   Space Mountain. But there are plenty of rides for the not so big children.We were there on a not so busy day and I still think the ratio waiting time to duration of ride was not very good. I would seriously considered buying a  fast track  ticket next time.Being used to Chinese habits (we live in Beijing) I was a bit anxious about queue jumping and general pushing and shoving but I was pleasantly surprised.We had dinner in the  Explorer's Club  Restaurant and that unfortunately was disappointing   it tasted like canteen food in a very big company.All in all, we really enjoyed our stay and I will probably be back with my daughter.
Disneyland as mentioned, it's a place for young and old. To complete the themepark, I would recommend if you allocated 2 days. I went for a day and only manage to complete 70% with 2 photos sessions. Some few tips & helps on purchasing tickets and entering the theme park. 1 Choose a date where it's non peak season We bought the ticket during the season where not all seasonal ticket holders are allow to entered the theme park. You will be able to check the block out dates at the bottom of the page   Park & Schedule   Park Calendar. 2 Collection of tickets.If you purchased the via online or agent. Head toward the park entrance toward the right and you will be able to find the self machine ticket collection. Just scan the QR code on the printed email and the machine will dispense the tickets.  3 Priority entrance for Disneyland Hotels If you are staying at any Disneyland Hotels, there is a priority queue located at the right side (at the edge of the theme park). You will be able to skip the queue and enter the theme park.  4 Fast Pass for Space Mountain (Roller Coaster) & The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh.When you arrive at the theme park, do remember to collect the pass from these 2 rides. With the fast pass you will be allocated to a time slot and skip the queue. Do remember there are limited fast pass per day  5 Disney PhotoPass Plus (Digital download at HK$398)Instead of purchasing individual photos when you take a photo with your favourite Disney Character. You will be able to receive ALL softcopy photos you took around the park. You will be able to customize different borders for up to 14 days upon purchase. Just search for  Disney PhotoPass  in the website to find out more. 6 Firework, Day Parade & Night Parade For Firework, the best place to see it is in front of the sleeping beauty castle. For Day Parade & Night Parade, the best view somewhere near the right (facing the castle) where you will be able to see any incoming and outgoing shows. Reach there early to avoid disappointment. Hope that help.
Hong Kong Disneyland is a must visit for young and old alike. Even if it is on a smaller scale to others it has enough to cater for everyone. The smaller size makes ease of access to rides and attractions without hours and hours of queuing.The food within the park is reasonable and cheap for a fun park.Must sees are Story Book , The Lion King shows and for the littlies Small Land. The rollercoasters will keep the older children and young at heart amused.Make sure to see the Parades night and day and the fireworks.Have a Good 2 Days planned for this .
A little unusual and different from the Standard Disney park. Its very green and tropical also the back drop of mountains make a dramatic effect. The park is only around 10 years old and is still shiny and new, (unlike the Paris Disneyland). A great day out
Its one of the must visit attractions in hong kong. All full of fun and takes one back to childhood. It is easily accessible by MTR and tickets can be bought at the mtr interchange station
So i was going to subject this, Loved it but expensive, but then on the train ride back to our hotel it got me thinking, how many times in life do you get to go to Disneyland? Look, im very far from comfortable and i work hard for what money i do get, but today money wasnt a factor... instead of writing 1 massive post and trying to browse what you need, ill list it out. This is from a 30 year and 26 year old perspective...Getting there: take the train wherever you come from, its quick easy and quite cheap, THATS IT!Tickets: we booked online and arrived at 930 and barely anyone was there, we still had to line up, so didnt really matter what you do...Food and drink: if moneys not a matter, buy it there, if you're on a budget, try n get some cheaper sandwiches or whatever you like and few bottles of water before you go, food really is quite expensive and to put it this way, a coffe cost me 48Hkd and a hot dog was 67Hkd...hkg in general is actually quite expensive to think about it..Rides: the ones we went on, TomorrowLand, space mountain was 1 of the best rides i ever been on hahahah seriously i even went back for a second go, Orbitron was terrible for us but a good kids ride and the same for autotopia, FantasyLand, got our pictures taken with mickey and minney yaaaay, Its a small world was quite good to rest the feet and see something different...ToyStoryLand: defiantly line to go on the rc racer, try and get upfront, only goes for 40 seconds but worth it... everything else is good for the kids and just ask me if you want to know more as i theres too much...Souvenirs: everything you could ask for, once again not cheap but when in disneyland do as the tourists do, buy something! You can get some bargains, theres a place in FantasyLand just before ToyStoryLand you can get some things 40 to 70% off...Overall experience: i effin loved this place, probably because i finally got to come to a disneyland after 20 odd years of wanting to go... if you want to watch the fireworks, get to park around 1200 or 1300 as the rides seem to die down after 1600 amd does take some time to get around the park if you want to see it all...take plenty of water, AND MAKE SURE YOU WEAR RUNNERS OR SOMETHING VERY COMFORTABLE!!! Would i go back,  InAHeartBeat
Ultimate Destination for Kids with great Rides and shows .The Grown uos will also enjoy the Rides as well as smile on Kids faces
Yes, how is this possible ? You book a tour guide for three hours, and will enjoy the best of the D. World yes believe it's worth the money, not to stand in the heat with the kids for long hours, especially if you work hard most of the year and u see ur kids a only weekend, add this to you budget and let them enjoy it
After an easy but very busy train ride, you will be greeted with a very long walk to the entrance, we took the train around the park first to get a look at where to explore, all you see is trees, the main ride was down for maintenance, mystic manor is fantastic ride, the rest are boring, it's all but impossible to get a photo with a character, food and souvenirs are very expensive, movie world in Brisbane Australia is so much better.
Best way from Tsim Sha Tsui take MTR change at Lai King & then Sunny Bay or from Tsim Sha Tsui East station also take west rail line to change at Nam cheung and then Sunny Bay. Both are very easy and later is faster. Cost about HKD 18 by Octopus. Entry tickets from online agents like Klook etc to save money with print out. Start from one side like Adventure land. Before going next land come back little bit and have lunch etc at Tahiti etc. Can prebook meal coupon from online agent to save money. However do remember to convert printout to meal coupon at entry gate before you enter. Later you cannot. 3 meal option ticket is not good. As snacks is worthless only sweet popcorn or Ice cream. Dinner you may not like inside. 3 adults meal can cover family of 4 with 1 2 kids. Go early and see all rides. All are wonderful. Enter by 11 am then exit can happen by 7 pm. Return by similar route and take dinner outside to save money. No known branded restaurant inside disneyland.
the park was big but my kids was not enjoy much because they are waiting much time for each play , example we wait 45 minute just to play on the car , the minimum waiting for each play 30 minute which make you feel poring.
This is the first time we have ever been to disneyland..we brough our little girl  3 years old, she was excited too  advisable to bring own stroller or rent one,. as its quit bit of walk. Having grown up with disney stories and cartoon, i felt so excited and happy and actually teared when saw the day was over with the fireworks. One day was not enough. Next time have to take two days. We actually watched the fireworks, and shopped half and hour later and took the mtr back home, was not crowded at all at that time. Everything was wonderful except for one lady worker there whom was very rude, didn't manage to see her name.
We first visited here many years ago when it first opened. It was not good. Hardly any rides!! But a few years on and they have stepped up their game. A fabulous day out!! When we went in February, it wasnt too busy and the queues for the ride was minimal! Unfortunately like any theme park, there are always large groups pushing and shoving!! Very annoying!! Easy to get to on the fantastic Hong Kong public transport! A must to visit for both kids and adults!
What an awesome experience. Spent the entire day there on rides and watching shows. Topped it off with the Main Street parade to finish. Loved every moment of it.
Can do in a day... But with a 5 year old, take 2 days and enjoy.  Beautiful like all Disney parks and friendly staff.  Everything from parade to fireworks is on a smaller scale, but still lovely!
As a cynic, I was sceptical about getting excited about meeting Mickey and Minnie Mouse. Nevertheless, I figured that Disneyland would probably be a hit with the kids (3 and 7 yrs). It was busy but the queues were reasonable. Longest time spent queuing for an attraction was 45 mins (lion king performance). The lion king and Mickey Mouse shows were amazing. My little one totally believed the cast were real and was so excited. The singing, the stage, the interactive play were all entertaining. My cynicism about Disneyland melted away immediately and totally got into all the hype. The atmosphere was very friendly. Only downside was the food. Lots of choice but pricey and not the best quality. Must see the day and night parade. Both as good as each other. Didn't disappoint. The fireworks at the end of the night finished off an enjoyable visit nicely. Best place to see the fireworks is in front of the Disney castle. Would recommend... Even for sceptics!
We get there easily by metro .i recommeded to get ticket  from  china travel agency as there is crowded in ticket sales .it is much  smaller than paris disneyland that i visited previously but ok for  small children .
They are awesome...!!! All of them.. they really do all they can to put smile on everyone faces.. and that's what I've seen.. everyone is smile.. since they arriving at Disneyland (even before entering Disneyland) until inside the MTR.. including me and my family.. anything and everything was perfect..!!
booked via klook. food n rides r underwhelming. not much to do for an experienced traveller. though my kids were happy to enjoy it but we left before the night parade n even wasted our dinner coupons to dine out at a better place.
Have been several times ti Disney both in Orlado and in Paris. It is good every time and Hong Kong is no exception. It is all so well done!
This place is just amazing... I have not been to any other Disney so for us this place was just too good ... Love each and every part of it... The rides and shows are just amazing ... You need atleast one full day to enjoy the same ... The parade cannot be missed...
This is the smallest of all Disney parks worldwide. It's situated on Lantau Island, not far from the Airport and Tung Chung suburb. It looks like it is build in the middle of nowhere. The walkway leading towards the park can use a Disney Village to brighten up the area. The park itself lacks a wide variety of attractions and rides. It's adjusted to Asian prefferences which means no real thrills, mostly show and shopping.
It was raining the day we went to Disneyland so the park wasn't busy at all, had to wait no more than 5 10 minuets to get on any of the rides and managed to go on everything. Most boys are indoors sheltered so didn't really matter it was raining. It is more suited to younger children compared to the one in Paris but still had a excellent day out.
Great thrill to visit disneyland at long last. Tears in the eyes the first time the band walked past, kids couldn't quite understand the emotion but loved it every bit as much (and more). Food options arent great... low on nutrition and the furthest thing from value for money you'll probably ever come across... but hey, arent all theme parks the same? Dissapointed that some of the rides were closed during school holidays forcing the throngs into bigger queues on all other rides. Park staff (cast members) all happy to help and very good with the kids from baby thru pre teen. If you like rides dont listen to those who say 1 day is enough... there are enough rodes for 2 days of repeated thrills esp if you have little ones who like the teacups etc.
I bought 2days ticket promo only hkd 599 ( 1 day ticket   hkd 539 ). I went with my 5 years daughter. The 1st visit was June 26, 2016 and 2nd visit was June 30, 2016. My daughter was very happy because she could take many pictures with princess.
We went the on a group tour. Its enormous and huge. We started in the morning at 10:30 around and were there till 9 10pm til it closed. Its just wonderful. The parades are just awesome especially the night parade and the ending with fireworks was just crazily awesome. A wonderful experience.
This Disneyland may be the smallest but the rides are still good, the lines are much more tolerable and the cast members are fantastic! We've been to paris and Orlando Disneys. Orlando is of course the best and Paris is awful due to the attitude of so many cast members. The cast members here in Hong Kong are wonderful. Only one time did they run out of fruit cups. Other than that, no complaints at all.
excellent. we had a one day ticket but next time i will do two days. from the time u get on the disney land train till u leave after the fireworks display this place is magical. parade starts at 7.30 and is so fun and then fireworks display. everything is so clean and so much attention to detail. i felt like a kid.
They say that everything seems better in Disneyland and they are right! It was a magical place to be. From great rides, fun and exciting exhibits to some special moments with the favourite characters 'Stitch' and 'Buzz Lightyear'   it is a must for any age. Had a great time and you have to stay for the fireworks!
To say disneyland is for kids is nothing short of a wrong statement. It is a place where young or old , you cherish your childhood, love to go back into the world of make believe and enjoy unspoilt, uncomplicated fun.The disney parade and fireworks are outstanding. The evening parade is more better. It is difficult to complete in 1 day however, selecting the attractions does no harm. The themed attractions and rides are worth. The place is also friendly to wheel chair and senior citizens and the washrooms, drinking water is well spaced and plenty of places to rest. The best part was to see my 75 year old have the joy of a child in his eyes. Maybe that is where the success of Disneyland lies.The main street reminds of the old world West Charm. A day well spent
We live near Anaheim Disneyland in California and we rarely go because it is very expensive and the lines are so long that it makes it not worth the money. We were very happily surprised with HK Disney because even though we were there during Easter weekend and there were loads of people, the experience was very pleasant. Most rides were 5 20 minutes wait only. The food was much better than at Disneyland in California, maybe because Americans are used to junk food? Anyway, HK Disney had a lot more choices of home style foods such as Chinese food, noodle soups, Italian pastas, steaks, and lots of cute shaped food such as Mickey shaped white rice and little pig shaped dumplings. The Toy Story land area was beautifully decorated. It's so easy to get to HK Disney with the Disney dedicated metro line. We even had fun on the metro taking photos of the Mickey shaped windows and Mickey shaped hand holds and beautiful Disney statue displays.
Its really a nice place for kids..Younger kids from the age of 3   12.I suppose so. Coz as parents we enjoy just becoz our kids are enjoying. Otherwise its not anywer close to universal studio in Singapore. Myself, my husband and my eldest son 11 yrs loved univeral studio more than disneyland and to surprise disneyland is more costlier than univeral studios ! Anyways its a best place for young kids...and should never miss the ending fireworks.
Good for families with kids . Though is smallest Disney Resort among Disney but easy to walk around and explore. Good to bring old folks enjoy too . Restaurants food in this theme park overpriced compare to Japan Disney Resort .
Despite what the majority of the travellers here says   I liked the resort more than the Ocean Park. You have to try the rollercoaster in the Grizzly Gulch!!! Awesome.
Had a wonderful time At Hong Kong Disney as it was our first time at Disney and we are both over 60 we didn't know what to expect. What a surprise we enjoyed the rides and the shows all so well done. We spent about 5 hours there and had a very relaxing day.
Can be busy so expect to cue for the more popular rides. Some Chinese tourists can be rude and not get cuing. The staff are normally good at getting it sorted. Characters will spend time with kids in the meet and greet. Some are very engaging. The parade is good, the night time one is very good. Fireworks are worth staying for. Down side is food seems costly for pretty average. MacDonald's burgers are cheaper and better. Avoid when there are China mainland holiday's as the crowds will be huge.
indeed the happiest place on earth!!!great staff!! they were really helpful once you needed.the place was so filled with fun.the best ride for me was the space mountain. it was so unpredictable..the first time i had rode on a rollercoaster in the dark with light effects of space.
Oh what a place, not just the rides but the overall ambiance, the colors, the shows, the food, just about everything. Though we were unlucky that one of the best rides Grizzly Gultch was closed for maintenance on the day we went, but we did not mind as every single one of us had a great time. In fact, my husband, who is not a very  rides  person, ranked this as the best place we visited at HK. The 3D show is the best 3D I have seen in my life. In fact its actually a 4D where through appropriate aroma and other things you actually feel that you are part of the drama. I actually tried to catch the cake that came flying over to me! Lion King and Mystic Manor are must do as was the night Night Fireworks. Space Mountain and RC racer were fantastic too. One thing that is highly avoidable unless you have less than 5 year olds in the group was the Autopia. But other than that a wonderful day through and through
Hong Kong Disneyland is a great way to spend your day. A good mixture of rides to keep everyone happy. Try to go during the week to avoid too many crowds...the other thing to avoid would be the coffee!! Otherwise, an awesome experience!
Not the biggest Disneyland there is, but still does a very good job in making anybody feel like a kid. Great performances and nice rides. Food was expensive though!
Great place to go and spend with family. Not like the real DIsney in Orland but an fun place to spend a day or two.
When I was a kid, I dream of going to LA Disney land cause I like Walt Disney Characters. So when I had the chance to take my vacation in Hong Kong, I never think twice to visit Disneyland. It's so cool... got a photopass so I could retrieve all my photos in the Disney website. It's fun... I had a great time... only disappointment, I didn't saw Mickey Mouse... Good for Family trip....
Disney lives up to its promise of magic again. We spent 2 days in Hong Kong Disneyland on 26 & 27 March 2016. It was just amazing. Certain things that must be done are the Lion King Show, The grizzly gulch, the 3D show, small world, fireworks and parade are just unbelievable... Keep 2 days for Disneyland as 1 day will really feel short. If you do intend to buy stuff from there.. first browse all the shops and then decide what to buy as different shops may have different merchandise.Take your kids atleast once as its an experience they will never forget.
Second ever visit to Hong Kong Disneyland. I am a hardcore Disney fan and went solo this time. Went on a Wednesday and there was not much of a queue for tickets at the door. There are cast members watching the queue and directing guests and weeding out queue jumpers! The park has been extended since the original 2006 plan but still you can easily do the whole park in one day by yourself. The park was not busy at all, and I hardly had to queue for anything, except shows and RC racer, which is very popular but has no fast pass. It is the best thrill ride in the park though, so an absolute must! Worth the queue! Space mountain and parachute drop have single rider queues that are very quick. Characters are plentiful, and I got to meet Beymax, which I was so excited about!The other highlights for me were the shows: Mickey's wondrous story book and the Lion King: outstanding performances!!! Definitely make sure you get to see them! For me both shows were not full at all, but make sure you arrive at least ten minutes before show time because they close the doors before the actual show time.Lastly, the parades were cancelled due to bad weather, but HK Disneyland did not disappoint its guests and put out the 'Rainy day parade' with the princesses, Toy story characters and the main gang  with their special raincoats! Jolly good show!The Disney Magic is well and truly alive in Hong Kong! It's not super friendly bordering on cheese Florida nor does it have all the thrills of Paris, but it presents you with entertainment and attractions that the whole family can enjoy, and just as Walt Disney intended, everyone of all ages has a smile on their face : )
Visited HK Disney Land with a close friend, though after the short train ride from HK to the station then onto the Disney Train there was nothing Special .. Once we entered we notice all the rides and attractions were Geared for young Children of 11years and below.. I feel that there are a lot better theme parks that cater for all ages.. Maybe they are just living off the name  Disney Land  will not return or recommend
Always a fantasy even for grown ups. This is a place not only for children, you can definitely find a few things that you will surely like. The moment we arrive there, it started to rain. But thankfully is just some drips and didn't affect any plan of the day. It's quite pack, as expected, since this is Disneyland and everyone surely like here. The railroad is closed when we were there, a downside here. And we didn't manage to know the time of Disney mascot available for photo taking session, The moment we arrive at the place, it is closed. A big regret didn't manage to take photo with the mascot. All the other rides is really fun. It's a big place, so, plan your time wisely so that you will have time to try all the rides. Restaurants are available at many places, so no need to worry if you are hungry. And remember to visit the shops there, a lot of Disney merchandise and products. And during end of the day, remember go to the main street and find a perfect spot for fireworks.
Loved disneyland!I had transfers to and from however ended up catching the train back which is auper easy to navigate.The park is well laid out and maps can be found as you enter the park.Staff are friendly, smiling and helpful (what youd expect from a disney park)Food isnt allowed in and they do check your bag.There is lots of dining options from snacks to mains that cater to western and asian tastes.Food is pricey however portions are large and filling.I was a solo adult so i got around the park easily, went on all the rides and saw all the showes in 5ish hours. Allow morw time if you have small children or going over school holidays Its a smaller park but i still had a fabulous time.
In my child hood I used to dream of going to the land of wonders & here I lived my dream.It is better to make your children realize their dreams early & just watch them go on a fantasy ride.If you are travelling from hong Kong use the MTR(main transit railway) to Sunny bay & change your train to the Disney express.The Disney express is the beginning of a magical day.Take the numerous rides or take pictures with your favorite cartoon characters I promise one thing you will unleash the child within you.
This was a dream come true for our family. We totally loved every second. Lots of photo opportunities with characters. Rides were so much fun. The atmosphere was exactly what we expected for a Disney Park. The waiting lines can be quite long and other patrons can be quite pushy so keep that in mind and take lots if little breaks during the day. We had a 2 day pass and still didn't get to see everything. Highly recommend!!! Oh and make sure you see the Light the Night Parade at 7.30pm in Main St USA and the Fireworks show at 8.45pm over the Castle. Oh and if its your birthday make sure to go to City Hall in Main Street USA and get your birthday badge. If you decide to stay at a Disney Hotel and have a young daughter look into the Bibbity Bobbity Boutique princess experience that runs out of the Disneyland Hotel. You need to book though. If you stay at the Disneyland Hollywood Hotel like we did make sure to have a brekky or dinner at Chef Mickeys. LOVED IT!!
I had fun there and the problems is for travelers like me is only one,food and beverage its so expensive,but luckily they have water pump for free and dont forget bring bottle and you cant bring any kind of food,cake,or else from outside,because the security will check your bag!
MUST MUST MUST DO! This is a must do place for kids...they will just freak out! Excellent shows especially the 3D show, The lion king musical and Mickey and the Wondrous book..
Can't tell more about Hongkong Disneyland. Excellent place for all ages from 8 to 80 :)You can spend all day in this theme park and watch fire work around 9pm. A lot of activities, games, park, etc are waiting you explore them. Make sure you have enough time to visit this park (at least 4 5 hours). Do not miss when you are in Hongkong
Loved it.  Our two small children had a great time.  The food though was not good and was very over priced.  The night parade was the most awesome thing we have ever seen.
We took our grandchildren to Hong Kong Disneyland and just loved it. You can use their pushchairs so that when the children become tired they can rest whilst you continue to walk around looking at all the colours, characters and fun of Disneyland. The restaurants are lovely and we preferred them rather than the street food. It was better selection in the restaurants.
Last visit around 1 January 2014.  What a beautiful firework show at the night.  You can enjoy a day full in Disneyland.  A lot of fun at the themepark :)
Awesome amazing place built by disney. Very worth it the expense to come here. We can find updated disney creatures like lion king, aladin, toy story. Its classical icon are mickey. The shows are very amazing with the stories, lighting, etc.
It's easy to get lost in time and be a Kid again in this place! You'll be smiling from ear to ear from the time you ride the special train to the moment you close your eyes to sleep in your hotel.
What can one write on Disneyland? Well it's a small sample of the Paris or Atlanta versions but still good fun for the kids. Recommend taking the subway there. As usual the most popular attractions have a queue to get there but overall is worth it. The food options could be better and healthier.
It was the great place.... I enjoyed each and every ride and felt very good.. There it was the shops where we can purchase lots of stuff... I purchased lots of things.the parade and the fireworks over there was amazing.the castle was looking so amazing that felt like in some wonderland.really enjoyed it and request the people to please visit..
We went to Disneyland on a Monday. Great timing because the park was not crowded.Late lunch was Japanese food at the Banquet Hall. Snacks were Mickey Mouse waffle, corn on a cob, turkey leg and Korean grilled squid. Surprisingly good food for a theme park.Rides that my kids enjoyed   Space Mountain, Big Grizzly Mountain, Autopia and Slinky. Fireworks display caps the day. It ends at 9pm. If Budget permits, staying at Disneyland hotel for the night will be a good idea. Highly recommended for all Disney fans, young and young at heart!
3rd time being here and always enjoying the holiday, late March   April is the best time for me the weather still cool and not to crowded compare Holiday season. But sometimes weather can change to rainy day. Bring you rain coat during this season. Ride also friendly for children below 5. Parades entertaint us in the afternoon and a singing fire works performed as a closing day. Realy enjoyed the time in a rainy day .
We went twice to Disneyland Hong Kong. The first was In sept. It was humid hot long queues and a nightmare with a little kid in tow. But we still had fun. Perhaps it was the magic of seeing the Disney characters come to life. The second time around the weather was so pleasant we didnt mind the waits. In fact they seemed shorter. It was less crowded perhaps because it was March and a little chilly. The shows were fantastic. The only disappointment was that we didn't see any characters for the meet and greet except for Mickey and Minnie. There was nothing from frozen which was the main reason my daughter wanted to go apart from a brief appearance in the show. Judging from the popularity of frozen u would expect a whole lot more. Overall an enjoyable experience but then again I haven't been to any other Disneyland to compare.
Do not miss the 4d cinema, the lion king show and the evening parade. Food quite expensive inside. Bring your raincoat if its raining those on sale inside are expensive.
The park is easily accessible by subway, approximately 40 45 minutes from city center. Tickets can be purchased online in order to avoid queues.Do not bother to rent a baby stroller, they are very uncomfortable. Food in the park is expensive and quality average. Apart from that, a pleasant day with children and family.
Another place where you can spent the whole day with your family. I just love the rides and musicals
The smallest of all Disneys this one is handy to reach via the MRT. I visited especially for the night parade which was spectacular and didn't disappoint. Service was slow in the merchandise shop but overall the park is very clean. Would also recommend going on the jungle cruise ride at night but don't leave it too late as quite a few rides close around 6pm.
Disney is indeed one of the happiest place on earth. I went with my friends and it was spectacular. There are a lot of things to do. Try the rides at Toy Story Land, Grizzly Gulch and Mystic Manor. There's fireworks display at night that you need to see. And oh, food inside the park is so expensive.
Lots of fun attractions, short ride waits, easy MTR acess, food and drink is very expensive. A good day for young and old.
Don't waste time in que to click pictures with Disney Characters. Infact I saw very few of them. The best was Tinker Bell.Only 1 place serves Indian Vegetarian food and Halal food which is bang opposite to Tarzan Tree house next to Porter Cabin.Could have been better if they could mention time of the day parade. Also if their map was well organized so that tourist who come for first time do not loose on time searching rides. Don't just don't waste time in the choo choo train at the entrance it's waste of time, instead just start your day.
This doesn't come close to the one in Orlando.... The rides are far too few and the place is more of an extended shopping mall than an amusement park. Didn't live up my expectations. Plus the park ticket for a day is 549 HKD which isn't worth spending as it takes less than half a day to see the entire park...you can give it a miss.
During the weekends and public holidays, there are generally long queues for everything which means that you cannot do everything in one day or that day would have to be a very long one. The rides cater more to the under 10 as there are few thrilling rides for the tweens and teens. The shows are quite professionally done and are crowd pleasers. There's a lot of shopping of DISNEY items and the food outlets are average and expensive.
Oh my!! This is the place that i'm looking forward when i'm in hongkong, most of my friends told me its a must to visit Disney. I get to hop on Disney MTR. Its was great feelings. Me and my date enjoyed ourself there.. we took all sort of ride. We both like a small kids when we were there. Get to experience watching all the Disney doing the parade and last but not least looking forward for their FIREWORKS. Its super awesome!!!!
One of the main reasons we come to Hong Kong is to visit their Disneyland. It was a very enjoyable moment for the children. They were running around the parks, jumping up and down, basically what kids normally does.This place has a charm with kids, it didn't stop there, it brings out the child in adults as well. The place is not as big as you might think, just dedicate yourself a day for the visit and you may cover all the attractions.The parade starts first before the fireworks and it is the pinnacle of the visit so don't go home before you even see them.The journey from the city to the park is surprisingly short(i stayed in kowloon) and it isn't that too late at night after the fireworks. There are a lot of people so it feels safe to board the MTR if you don't plan for a transfer.We went in march and the weather is a little cold which makes walking around the park so much comfortable.
Since I brought an 8 year old son in this Hongkong trip, Disneyland Hongkong is a place not to be missed out. It already rained since morning, but we braved our hearts to go. This was our 2nd time to Disneyland, therefore we already knew how to get there. Taking the cute Disneyland train was still a fun experience for younger kids. When we reached there, the entrance queue was short, in fact no queue at all as few people want to come during rainy and cold weather. Anyways, we went in and took the rides that we had not rode on before in our previous trip. A thumbs up to Disneyland. All the rides operated though visitors were few and it rained quite heavily. I could see all the Disney staff wearing raincoats, taking time to smile and greeted us happily. It was good as children felt welcomed. The photo session and parade also went on as normal. However, fireworks was cancelled due to bad weather. We enjoyed our rides in the rain. We had equipped ourselves with raincoats and umbrellas. They also sold raincoats with Disneyland figures, and it was bestseller on that day! We had lunch consisting of chicken, pork and duck rice. The food was good and of big portion, price was expensive! The sitting place was soaked with rain...there was no shelter, only a few big umbrellas overshadowing us and still we could get wet. We did not choose a closed space restaurant as it was the closest to us. I think this could be improved by the management. On our way back, we bought a few souvenirs from the Disney shops. Overall a fun and memorable experience. We would surely go back again, but during a much weather friendly season.
We stayed at the Disney hotel and had a wonderful time . Running around doing as many rides and shows the boat ride was our favourite . Bring sandwiches and snack foods you don't have to so end $$& queue for food . Had a meal at the entrance of park which was nice but none of food a gourmet . It's all about being with the kids and having fun !
A bit of advice: don't first to to Walt Disney World in Orlando, then to Disneyland in California and make your third Disney experience at HK Disneyland. The park is nice but has an underwhelming lack of attractions. As a westerner traveling here it's easy to see the differences in this park that allowed it to gain popularity in the Asian market. However don't go here expecting a carbon copy of other Disney parks. Mystic manor was a great ride that is unique to this park. Another plus is the almost nonexistent lines at space mountain. The food was a little off putting but that was expected. It's hard to give this place a bad review since I clearly had too many expectations.
Disney Land every where is a great trip and this no exceptionGreat day had by all and you never miss the end of day parade or fireworks.For my young daughter  there is always a little princess in all our daughters.... and this bought out the best.
Living in Florida, USA, this Disney Park was small. I visited on a rainy day and there were very few people there. I was very surprised. The Main Street only had about 3 dozen people on it. It is near the airport, built on reclaimed land, and not near the city. The one good thing was the price. Being a Senior, aged over 65, I paid $22.50US. Compare that to the over $100 in Florida and it was a great value. Saw many cute little dressed up Princess'. Disney is always a fun place to be.
We had a brilliant time here.  The waiting time was long, but I think you get that everywhere   there were signs indicating the wait time.  Food choices were really good.  Very clean and staff were very happy and kind.
This was our 2nd Disneyland with my 5 yrs old son. He enjoyed it a lot alongwith us. We went on several rides and we also saw the Parade both in day and night followed by fireworks. It was a memorable lifetime experience for all of us.
Just go and enjoy no need to say anything more except for that they need to add more games for younger kids
my first ever dieny viist and its actualy a fanstasy with so much to do in a day starting from fantsasy land to rides and adventure land. A must see place
Compared to the original Disneyland I found the Paris one to be smaller, however going to the Hong Kong one this was even smaller than the Paris one. There are no 'thrill' seeker rides which didn't bother me as I don't go on them but I found it interesting that they didn't have any. I went in March got there at opening (10am) and up until approx. 3pm was pleasantly surprised at the crowds. I didn't have to wait very long at all for anything however once in the late afternoon everyone seemed to show up then and the ques grew to 'disneyland' standard. I had a pleasant day and glad I went to tick another Disneyland off my list.
You know why they say its the happiest place on earth when you visit it. Its was raining continuously when we visited on march 13th. They replaced the afternoon parade with Mickey's rainy day parade which was fun to watch. But cancelled the evening parade.The experience was fun. Lion king show was closed for maintenance which was a bit disappointing.Don't miss out on the space mountain, grizzly gulch and parachute drop in toy land.
Disneyland was one of the main reasons we decided to vacation in Hong Kong. It did not disappoint. We we're almost about to cancel our visit as it was raining   we decided to carry on and it was the best decision we made. The rain made the crowds stay away, also we visited on a Monday. The longest wait we did was 10 mins and that was for Mickey Philarmagic   definitely worth the wait. We enjoyed every ride we did   our favorite was the jungle cruise and mystic manor. We ate at the diner in tomorrow land   very expensive and bland so avoid!!! Grizzly Gulch was down for maintenance. We had a magical experience. I prefer this park to Disneyland in Anaheim.
I had gone to Disneyland with my 4 year old daughter and my husband expecting it to be a wonderful experience! But it was a rather unpleasant one!The park had shut down some popular attractions without prior notice! The lion king show was called off even the grizzly gulch rides were off a few others weren't working as well!During character meet and greet we were asked to que up and we did but I saw a lot of people were breaking the line n getting in from under the rope! I told the staff there that they shouldn't let this happen but they did nothing abt it just kept saying oh no they have been in line! I was standing for almost 45 minutes in que and the line Infront of me was getting bigger than smaller and they say nobody broke the line! I even called mr Andy who was the rad there and told him but he was quite rude too found him arrogant as he was only speaking n hardly listening so I left without any pictures with my daughters fav characters!Also at the Hollywood hotel no characters came to meet kids as is expected out of a Disney property!they had no great activities for kids and the pool they had was also shut down!We felt rather silly booking that hotel because there was nothing to do!All in all a very bad experience and I don't think I will ever come to Disneyland again!
This is a small Disney Park, consisting of only the Magic Kingdom, but it is well maintained and run by friendly staff. For most people, I think the two day pass would be unnecessary. Transportation from the Metro was really easy and comfortable. Cannot compare to Florida, California, or Tokyo but we found it full of happy visitors and beaming children. One warning, food is VERY expensive in the park. I recommend eating before going there and packing some snacks.
This is our third visit to HKDL in 5 years, and seeing how my children are beginning to outgrow many of the rides, it may be the last soon. (We are looking fwd to the Ironman Experience, and hopefully other park expansions)The park is small, making it very good for families with young (10 and under) children. Unfortunately, children tend to come with extended families, so you can see many bored grandparents sitting around.Another big draw of the park is that halal food is available! Choice are limited (Explorer's Club   Tahitian Terrace) though but STILL.Avoid the crowds by visiting on Mon Thu, the downside is some park facilities may also be closed due to the low visitor numbers. During our recent visit, Thunder Mountain and Lion King was undergoing maintenance and two of the restaurants were closed. The park was noticeably empty on Weds, the longest we had to wait in line was 30 mins for Autopia while everything else was virtually walk on. When we visited again on Friday, the crowds had surged, with 30 40 min waits for everything. Even then, this was considered 'normal' and not quite 'peak'.Having been to TKDL, HKDL is, in comparison, a stroll in the park. 2 days would suffice for HKDL.Plenty of clean toilets and water coolers everywhere. Food is pricey though, at HK109 150 for a meal combo (main   drink). They sell meal coupons at Guest Services (lunch   dinner   snack   HK278) but options can be quite restrictive. Their snacks assortment has improved somewhat since our last visit, now they have corn cobs, flavoured popcorn, panna cotta, cookies, hot dogs...coffee is at least from a machine and not 3 in 1 sachets.DON'T MISS:  Mickey and the Wondrous Storybook. QUEUES START 45 MINS IN ADVANCE, and I promise you it will be worth it. It is a high quality live performance with dialogue in Cantonese (English subtitles) and songs in English. ALL HAIL THE QUEEN (ELSA)!  Mystic Manor. It's not scary....just a little startling but the cutting edge effects and technology are quite something to behold.  Baymax at the Animation Studio. Don't touch him though or he might fall over lolPRO TIP:if you're spending 2 days at the park and staying at their hotels, it would be worth it to get a Magic Access membership for additional savings on hotel, food and merchandise. It really paid off for itself. Only one person has to get the card, and it can be anybody in the group.
Hongkong disneyland is not the biggest park. But really make us tired. But we have fun here. We go there 2 times. For the second times, we go there the weather is windy and cold. This year is 10 years anniversary For Hkg disneyland. Still the best theme park for family holiday
Fun for the family other than expensive meals and waiting times that are often understated. The parade and fireworks display are highly recommended and should not be missed. Advisable to plan the rides in advance so as to be able to cover the desired rides without missing the shows and performances.
Hong Kong Disneyland is not very big, it's ok for one day visit with kids but it's a bit overwhelming with mainland tour groups who skip the queues over your children for kids rides!
I travelled to HK alone and visited Disneyland. It is very very nice place to visit, specially for children. Make sure you spend the whole day. It's a mustgo place is easily accessible by MRT. There are many different theme parks with a large number of entertaining events. Tkt price is also reasonable but not cheap.
We and the kids were really marvelled by everything we did and saw. You have to go there to understand how we were left without words. If you guys need any news on the hotels around Disney and I will be happy to help you. Cheers
Hong Kong Disneyland is not as big as the other parks around the world. We had a very enjoyable day; it was on the cool side and was not very busy. The up side of that was, we got to go on every ride we wanted too, the longest queue was less than 15 minutes, and the best attraction was the Donald Duck 3D show.The Park is very clean, all exhibits are in good condition, It's a Small World was better than the Anaheim one, (But this park has just celebrated it's 10 years old).Not as many shops and the usual take away food   nothing exciting.
My kid enjoyed here a lot meeting her favourite characters like elsa, Sofia etc. A place for all not only kids but adults too enjoyed. A must visit
It was one of our most exciting days during our 4 day vacation here in Hong Kong. I had already visited Disney World while previously living in Florida so I already had some prior experience with Disney. It is truly one of the best and most entertaining parks in the world. No wonder they wanted to replicate Disney in Asia. Also, I have not seen anything so American anywhere else in Asia.
A place for every age group. The mystic manor , it's a small world, Mickey and the wondrous book , Winnie the Pooh etc. we're the places I enjoyed the most. Take out a whole day for sure if you are a first timer for Disneyland.
This was our fourth visit to Disney parks and HK Disneyland was perhaps a 1 2 version of Walt Disney Magic Kingdom in Orlando. Ticket price was cheaper than what we usually paid in U.S., and though the park was smaller, but it was just enough for a family with little children like us. We love Disney World but every time we visited, we felt overwhelming to see all it offers with two of our little brats. For family traveling to HK, this is a must visit place.
For me visiting Disneyland was a awesome experience. This is specially for kids but everybody can enjoy there. They have many rides but they are not scary at all for adult those are really fun. I really had a feeling that I was In a dreamland. They have 1 and 2 days pass but if you visit the place in the morning that you can complete complete in one they. At 8 pm they have fire show which is really nice. But if you come out from there at 8pm then the train will be really crowded. You can buy tickets online or at the airport or at the Disneyland as well. They don't allow to use selfi stick inside. They have many restaurants inside so, ratting is not an issue. This is once in a life time experience so, I recommend every to visit there once.
Prepaid for a 2 day ticket but was only issued a 1 day ticket at the park. Cost us 2 hours to fix at the gate on the second day with a toddler which was so cranky after waiting that long in the rain. Not what you want when traveling on a short trip. They did offer a fast pass onto all the rides which was then rejected by all the park attendants once we were inside so we spent even longer messing around once in the park. Sent emails upon our return and also got no responses. Disappointing with the organization and service but the park is a good size for a 1 or 2 day visit.
disneyland hongkong is ok but the other disneys..in florida or california..even in paris are better.it needs a bit of renovation.but it is great for children and very easy to get to.
Enjoyed our visit this time because there's not much people and the weather is so cool. It was my first time for my 6 year old here. She enjoyed the highlights like PhilharMagic, Fantasy Forest, the parade and Tomorrowland. Was surprised that some of the restos were closed for the day. Looking forward to visit again
I'm a 90's generation who grew up with Disney movies and I'm always be a big fan of Walt Disney since I was little. So as it's my 1st time going to Disneyland, I couldnt be more excited! I purposely didn't do any research beforehand to make my first Disney experience that extra special!Even though there is not many rides for adults, but who isn't amazed by the daily shows that are prepared everyday by Disneyland? Plus, I was able to play all the rides and see all the shows that day because I was there when the 'rope drops'. It was a very busy day but it was all worthed.But the highlight is of course that I was proposed in Disneyland in front of  it's a small world  castle ;) thank you Disney's team for the cooperation! haha :D
We have visited Disney Land Hongkong and i was really feeling like a kid all over again. So many rides to choose from. So many pictures taken. It was cold when we went tis march 2016 but its still worth. And very accessible train ride too.
A very good place for the young kids (Preschoolers and Toddlers) to have lots of fun. We went there for 2 days, which was a bit too much but then 1 day wasn't enough either. I would say 1 1 2 days is enough for covering all the rides twice. I wouldn't recommend this for kids older then 10 simply because the rides were pretty basic. But my 4 year old thoroughly enjoyed all the rides he was allowed to go on, and wants to go back and probably stay in Disney land forever : ) The Parade too was very good and entertaining for the kids. And as is the case with the rest of the Hong Kong, the place is amazingly clean, I just can't believe how they manage that with so many kids going around!
If you are young at heart, then this is the right place for you! A must see place when travelling in hongkong. The shows is really entertaining and amazing! I was amazed with Disney characters live parade! Try the jungle river cruise.. Oh there's also Tarzan's tree house! Picture perfect in fantasy garden! I also tried  it's a small world  ride and also disneyland rail road, train going around... Overall, it's a wonderful show and amazing place to see.. Definitely will come back with my family.!
OK first I must say that I always check trip adviser before going anyway and a few of the worries of some reviews were completely unfounded in my instance , everywhere launch of advisor it said there are mean and bad Chinese people like pushing shoving spitting and throwing trash everywhere I saw exactly 0 people doing that . But it was a Tuesday in March but still I think a lot of the negativity is completely unfounded. GETTING THERE: Now onto the actual review for stuff fining Disney from any hotel is fairly simple you can just take us away to go there and the Disney train is pretty cool it as Mickey Mouse windows in the seats are nice and a lot of little statues in the subway car.ARRIVAL: upon arriving to Disney you go up a flight of stairs or an escalator whichever is to your liking then you go about maybe 150 m and there's a really cool statue of Mickey Mouse surfing on the whale from the Noki upon arriving to Disney you go up a flight of stairs or an escalator which ever is to your liking then you go about maybe 150 m and there's a really cool statue of Mickey Mouse surfing on the whale from the Pinochio , I had read onto the visor that no outside food is allowed however I did bring some oranges and chocolate bars , There's also plenty of seats before the official entrance where you can eat some hamburgers or sushi or whatever you bring from your hotel room so you can definitely get really full before entering the park and save some money if that's something that is in your current life ,TICKET GATE: another thing that I liked was selfie sticks are completely band we were seeing security people taking away all the selfie sticks and not allowing anyone to enter with selfie sticks so that's nice for annoying people , entering the park with easy we bought our tickets online and we simply showed the code that the website gave us , Security was decent it was noticeable but I simply said I do not have a gun and they stop searching my bag but I'm a white guy so yeah ,ENTERING THE PARK: Soon as you enter the park you can see something called downtown USA or Main Street USA it's basically just some 18th century USA that things, soon as you enter the park you can see something go down town USA or Main Street USA it's basically just some 18th century USA that things Then the castle is seen at the end of this alley and like a lot of the other reviews said the castle is very very lackluster it's basically just like a McMansion that you've probably seen before the US but again it was a beautiful Cleanlines: The park was spectacularly clean and you didn't necessarily see any of the cleaners so that's pretty cool so it had a really clean feeling about it BATHROOMS: there were more bathrooms then people almost there were so many bathrooms all of which were spectacularly clean equipped with toilet paper and soap been nice and dryers they had the Asian style squatting toilet for people who prefer that and they had an abundance of Western toilets they had a lot of handicap toilets and like I said they were all very clean and very plentiful. WATER FOUNDTAINS: They also had free water dispensers that you could fill up outside bottles with or if you wanted to buy a memorabilia cup you could fill that up as well the water was free and plentiful, ENGLISH: let me address the elephant in the room by saying that the English of the staff was satisfactory and my Piny let me address the elephant in the room by saying that the English of the staff was satisfactory in my opinion I didn't ask them philosophical questions or the meaning of life but if I were to ask which princesses or which Disney characters were aware and if I can take a picture with them they were very helpful they knew everything about the park and no complaints DISNEY CHARACTERS FOR PICTURES WITH: I saw a few Disney characters like in the body suits for taking pictures with the Tinker Bell girl was a nice sand company to my girlfriends that said just good nice lady and the Chippendale were also very nice they took the time to take pictures and hold hands and just wave and everything that is expected so again the courtesy was completely died bu I saw a few Disney characters like in the body suits for taking pictures with the Tinker Bell girl was a nice sand complimented my girlfriends that Sandest good nice lady and the chip and dale were also very nice they took the time to take pictures and hold hands and just wave and everything that is expected so again the courtesy was completly Fine.THE RIDES: this park would not be suitable for adrenaline junkie's because a lot of the rides what exactly balls to the wall insane but I definitely believe space Mountain is good enough for the casual themepark go her and the rest of the rides had such interesting style and artwork that it was OK that they weren't necessarily giant in proportions , LINES: like I said we went on a Tuesday in March from 12 to 9 and the lines were ridiculously small we space Mountain was about a five minute wait each time and we went twice 3  4 times no problem we went many times on the mysterious mansion and a few other times on the river cruise both of which were very nice and cool and like I said no lines THE FOOD: I making a lot more money now than I used to so price isn't as much of an issue but I guess the price can be considered expensive but again it's Disney so don't be foolish if you're you know living in poverty bring an apple or something we were able to comfortably eat a decent dinner for around $30 and the drinks were anywhere from 3 to 4 dollars for water juice so again it's a little expensive but it's Disney so bring your money , The food is very varied, from sushi too dumb lengths to fish sandwiches to churros of all things COMFORTABALITY: this day wasn't very hot but it seems as though they have lots and lots of shade and a lot of cooling station fans and mist machines , SEATING: The seating was also very plentiful they were benches upon benches upon chairs upon chairs, there were basically just many places to sit FIREWORKS: i've been to a few amusement parks that claim to have fireworks but basically we're just sparklers the fireworks here were completely top notch it was probably about nine minutes in total with the classic Disney songs that we all adore from childhood projected onto the castle and the famous music coordinated with a lot of fireworks and I enjoyed it a lot so everyone seem to have a good time the seating was very organized if you choose to sit very close to vassal I did not but I just wanted to be closer to the subway so I was somewhere in the middle i've been to a few amusement parks that claim to have fireworks but basically we're just sparklers the fireworks here were completely top notch it was probably about nine minutes in total with the classic Disney songs that we all adore from childhood projected onto the castle and the famous music coordinated with a lot of fireworks and I enjoyed it a lot so everyone seem to have a good time the seating was very organized if you choose to sit very close to castle I did not ,just wanted to be closer to the subway so I was somewhere in the middle VALUE FOR MONEY: The value for the money which is a bout was $80 completely fine in my opinion there was music there was 3 D shows their words rides there was just lots and lots of things to do so I completely feel as though it's with the money ,SECURITY LIGHTING: I doubt anything like this is going to happen but I'm a teacher so I'm a very careful person a few of the places that night weren't very well lit not as in like breaking your ankle well lit but maybe if someone wanted to just grab you and pull you to the bushes it looked a little bit possible so maybe they could have more lighting or more people walking around or something ,Anyways I love people said this park is a small but I enjoyed it very much for eight hours and I had a great time I'm not really easy to please but I was very happy and childlike this day and I look forward to returning if you read these 8000 characters thank you and hopefully I can help you you anyways I love people said this park is a small but I enjoyed it very much for eight hours and I had a great time I'm not really easy to please but I was very happy and childlike this day and I look forward to returning if you read these 8000 characters thank you and hopefully I can help you ,
Had a great time in Disney Hong Kong which is wonderful but on a smaller scale. It's not exactly the same as Disnerland but delivers a lot of enjoyment. The wonderful shows are basically the same but with Chinese actors. There is a hotel in the park with all amenities and luxury.
Must see in hongkong disneyland are their amaZing shows. Take note all the singing part are live! Once you enter, get the time's guide and make sure u plan ur day well in order to see all the shows. The day and night parade shouldn't be missed as well. Have a magical day!
The place is not that huge but in order to explore and try most of the rides, you'll need 1 full day. Before the parade starts secure your place in the street so you'll have a vast view of the parade especially if you have kids with you, they'll surely enjoy watching the parade, there might be a chance for them as well to interact with the characters. the food inside is little bit expensive particularly if you are a budget traveller so better have your full portion of meal before going there so you can just snack while roaming around. Its a fun place and you will surely enjoy visiting this place.
This is a Disney of sorts but if you are looking for all the hype that surrounds Disneyland this is not for you. The rides are meant for small people so, while it is good for the locals, it is not great for tourists who may not be economical is size. We took the kids once because they wanted to compare it to Disneyland California. Not much to compare.
We enjoyed Disneyland so much and amazed on all of the marching parades especially when the night falls. Fireworks display will end your day. Hope to be back soon!
This was the first time I visited a Disneyland Resort and I loved every moment. We tried going on as many rides as possible and just enjoyed walking around the theme park. The train on the Disneyland line has a Walt Disney theme and is already an attraction on its own. make sure you keep a whole day open for this.
My visit to Hong Long Disneyland marks me having visited every one in the world...I think this makes me a worthy reviewer. It is much smaller than the rest and the castle was kind of disappointing. However, I really enjoyed he day! I am a huge Disney fan so maybe I am biased but the day was magical. Despite being smaller the park still delivers the same amount of magic and excitement. My favourite ride was the Big Grizzly mountain mine road...I think this was the name... It was much better than the usual big thunder mountain rail road. I won't spoil it but there is a surprise on the ride that made it! Lastly, the park was great because it was not as busy as any other park I have been to so we didn't need to queue and could do everything we wanted to.
I was lucky when we visited Disneyland because its there anniversary. I went there with my Boyfriend, we really enjoyed even though it rains but it didnt stop us the FUN! We also had the chance to see elsa and anna in their production at night. It was a perfect visit.
I took my 3 year old daughter and her grandparents both 60  years . My daughter loved it! Easy park to navigate and you can do it in a day. Paratrooper ride was excellent for 3  60  year olds , it's a pity i screamed harder than my daughter ! Head to the back of the park first to avoid extremely long lines. Worth a visit if your in HK. Go online for show times as they are worth watching and help you plan your route around the park.
The kids have a blast all the time! Make sure you arrive before the park opens to get maximum FUN!! The kids had their pictures taken with ALL the princesses and they super duper loved it. Bring a handy dandy notebook and pen so you could have the autographs of you fave princesses!
Don't go if you have ever been to Disneyland USA. This place is so small and has no atmosphere of Disney USA.
My last visit was in 2011 and since then several more attractions had opened. Though it's not as big as the ones in Japan or USA, it'll still satisfy the curious who wanted to experience the  Disney Magic  for the first time. Queues were not as long so my children were happier (how could you compare 1.5 2 hrs in bigger Disneys to just a measly 10 20 mins when we visited?) . Food venues were plenty and not as expensive as in some theme parks, some offered local delicacies. Souvenirs were plenty as usual and not cheap. To make it exciting for the kiddies, we went tokens hunting (bronze coins flattened and embossed with character from each section of the park). The machines should be located near each souvenir shops, which you can locate in the map. If you need the tokens album, you can purchase in the main store.
It's Magic!! And the best show is Mickey and the Wonderous Book that has a very handsome Filipino dancer actor that is guaranteed to steal your heart with his performance and smile! You can tell all of them enjoy their art!
This place takes you to a dream world away from reality. You once more feel like a kid inside and get to re live all your childhood disney cartoon days. It houses many themed rides meant for all age groups. The shows they hold are excellent. The souvenir stores are a mad house, you feel like grabbing everything you get your eyes on. It is full of unlimited fun. One day wont be enough to enjoy it all, try and get a two day pass.
It's a must when you have small kids. There are couple of nice attractions for everyone, the parade is awesome ! Maybe its little bit overpriced. Take the subway to get there !
This was my second visit to Hong Kong Disneyland, after last year went here on May 2015The ambience is still the same, if you're a disney lover then this is your placeDisneyland remind me of my childhood memories where I often hear their music and movieWhen I went there the weather was good and the not so crowded of peopleI really enjoyed the show that they play and their food stall also good compare to other theme park I've ever visitedThe greatest thing about this theme park is their night carnaval which full of light and their fireworks at their castleThe carnaval and fireworks happen every night at around 8 pm , so don't miss it when you go to Disneyland Hongkong
We visited at chines New Year so busy timeIt was an ok attraction some of the rides were great fun especially the old west rideNot for small childrenFood etc very expensive and you need to wear good walking shoes as large areas to walk around
Like a big kid again Disney always good day out , Hong Kong same as other Disney lands , but only the five parks , not like Orlando or Paris not that much to do ,you can do it in one day no problem , the rides like space mountain seam slower , it's great for young children
This place is just awesome. Colors and Cartoon characters all around. The Lion King show was the most memorable for me. My son had a gr8 time. He was overwhelmed with the amount of activity he can do. Must visit for every person visiting Hong Kong.
The Disney experience is a must do when you visit Hong Kong specially if you didn't see Disney else where.The first couple of hours we felt bad and as if the place is so childish but then we were overwhelmed with the theater shows, the parade and the fireworks.It's a must have experience for all ages.
If your a Disney Dork you will appreciate park and its twist on Disney. The park is very small, you could easily do the whole park in half a day so I wouldn't be comparing the park to California or Orlando... or even Paris. If you know your Disney Parks you know they love lining queuing you up for rides and shows. At this park while waiting to see Festival of The Lion King show there was nothing like this to keep people in line no staff and ropes as soon as the doors opened to theatre everyone was pushing and shoving (which is not in the Disney spirit).Festival of The Lion King was absolutely amazing and personally think its better then the one in Animal Kingdom in Orlando.The one thing that bugged about this park is there wasn't Walt Disney statue.Would definitely recommend it to people!
We went on sunday, monday and tuesday. the Q on tuesday was significantly lesser than the other 2 days which led to my own conclusion that most people travel over the weekend, say fri to monday? For my other holidays, i would plan to visit tues   thursday for lesser Q. Yet to test this hypothesis further. :)
I visited this place with my family and inlaws. Most of the rides and shows were quite enjoyable even for the senior citizens. My inlaws and kids enjoyed all the rides together....Nice to see people unwind at this age. Two days is a must to enjoy the park completely. There are two parade one in the evening and the other at night ...both are must watch. Its just like a fairy tale. The parade path gets full soon and hence it is better to reach the spot early and sit down on the footpath to have a ggood view of the parade. Do expereience all the rides as each one is worth it.
We only had one day in Hong Kong on our way back from Thailand, and decided to spend it as Disneyland! We arrived just after opening on a Saturday, and it was almost empty for the first few hours. We were able to walk onto any ride we wanted, and had all the photo opportunities to ourselves. It started getting a little busier in the afternoon, and by late afternoon there were some significant waits. The Mickey show was full every time we tried to go, so never ended up seeing that. Character lines ended up being long enough that I could only get to the one character before they closed the lines, but they had been nice and short in the morning. We were surprised that the fish and chip place in Grizzly Gulch didn't accept credit cards, and ended up going to the place in Mystic Point for lunch instead.
I have been to this place for 5 times since 2008 and i never get enough of it. I still want to go back whenever possible. The place brings out the child in you. The staff are nice and the park is clean. Don't forget to bring extra cash when you go shopping inside the park because the soveniers and foods are quite expensive. Don't wear heels as you get to do a lot of walking. I would suggest you arrive early or close to opening hours so you get to watch the opening parade when you can meet all the characters and then they have the 3'oclock parade which happens around 1PM and another closing parade at 10PM when you get to see the amazing fireworks. Love this place and will definitely visit again and again.
We must have picked a good time of year, we got there right when the park opened, walked onto every ride and finished the park in 4 1 2 hours. A welcome change from waiting in line for hours in California. The park is much smaller but it was fun to see the different things   Toy Story Land and Mystery Manner. Food choices are limited but in Fantasy land there is a choice of some western items. We were missing churos for sure! A lot of fun for a Disney fan and we got a steal on a lot of souvenirs in the shops.
Hong Kong Disneyland is a must visit place when in Hong Kong, whether you're a child, teenager or an adult. My mom and dad were also enjoying this place. When we arrived, it was raining but we still have a lot of fun. I've visited Tokyo Disneyland before but Hong Kong Disneyland have they own charm. They also have lots of different attractions. Come early, try as much attractions as you can and don't miss the fireworks.
Disneyland Hong Kong was the only Disney park I've been to so far. For the most part, it was a great experience and it is a lot of fun, although one has high expectations for Disney Land and I feel this one has some shortcomings. The castle appears to be a giant cardboard cutout for example. Cardboard cutouts are not magical. I still recommend going.
Went with my family of 2 adults and 2 young children (3yrs and 1yr old). Kids thoroughly enjoyed themselves on the rides which comprise majority child friendly ones. Plenty of toilets and nappy changing facilities and water coolers.Food wise so so as expected of such theme parks. Prices generally on the high side when matched with food quality. But all in all, an enjoyable experience.
We went there in rainy day so it wasn't crowded and most of the shows was cancelled it was really small and the crew was rude not helpful and not flexible with young children i will not go there again other Disneyland much more better
I went to the Hongkong Disneyland on the 22nd of February with my daughter. This was my first visit to any Disney Park and we were both really excited. Overall the park was beautiful and many a times I was transported to the fairy tale land of my dreams.It may make sense to get a map before hand and decide which rides and places you want to visit beforehand just to chalk out a basic idea of where to go and how best to utilise your time. Though the descriptions were pathetic. They have not been able to give you the sense of each item properly. In fact we would have missed a few if we had gone just by the descriptions and not by our gut feeling. I still have a feeling I did miss out on good things as we were short of time. I went with a tour company and they did not take us early. Pls do not do the evening tour only, you would miss out on so much. If you are spending your money...do it well and enjoy from morning to evening.I would say one thing... the shows were really great but the rides were strictly ok. Most of them did not live up to our expectations.I mean what is a roller coaster ride if it does not make the figure eight and make you go to great heights and drop you down at dizzying speeds. I am a coward of the first order and I was terrified at the thought of the ride but even I could do it without any problem. So in short if your courage and adventure levels are about medium or below,the rides are good but if you are seeking the thrill you would be left feeling a loss. Chances are you would have had better rides in places like Essel World and Imagica in Mumbai. However their firework show which was in the evening was par excellence ..I have never seen something so beautiful. This was being done as this was their 10th Anniversary ...do not know how long they would continueWe took the train at the entrance and got off at the first stop...The Fantasyland and the name says it all...it was a fantasy. What a pleasure to see all your favourite cartoon characters all around you. The castles....the overall ambiance stopped us in mid sentence. It took us some time to catch our breathes and land on earth and decide to go on. We started with the Mickey Philamagic....it was superb. Both of us loved it. The Winnie the pooh adventure too was really fun with all the special effects. This is a kind of a ride which unfolds a story and gives your 4 d experience. Its a Small Wonder again was a similar thing....another not to miss ride show. Mickey and the Wondrous Book had a long queue, we waited for over an hour to see it and once it started we felt all our wait was worth it. However the Allmighty had other plans for us, barely 5 minutes into the riveting show, there was some technical glitch and the show was cancelled. Here I was stunned at the apathy level of the employees manning the show, there was not a word of apology and utter crash attitude in handling all queries about the show.They seriously need a course in Customer Service. We were told cursorily and rather rudely that the show was cancelled and there may be no repeat (the last show was still due). When people come from a distance and are so eager to see something but cannot (and pay money for something) a little politeness goes a long way in making you feel better. When we tried to come back again for the show in a little while, we were not allowed entry saying that the required number of people were already waiting. We tried to explain that we had been waiting for more than an hour and the show started and stopped.....but it fell on deaf ears. To cut a long story short...do see this show, the timings would be written on the board outside and plan accordingly. Right in front of this place (identified as 53 as per the map I have with me)at 3.15 pm you have a parade of all the characters in their costume riding various decorated vehicles.It is awesome. The Fairy tale garden was ok....we wasted a lot of time here as this was the first thing we were seeing. A lot of time went taking pictures with Tinkerbell character but then these are memories.The rides in this area were very kiddish. We did not take most of them other than the Mad hatter Tea cups...this was good.Before I do to the next attractions, let me tell you about the restaurants, there are quite a few options but we did not have time to sit and eat at a luxury place as we wanted to enjoy the park and just fill our stomachs. The Main Street USA has places for sandwiches and other cartoon shapped waffles. We grabbed our buggers in Tomorrow Land. How boring but then that was fast .You have shops all over the place. Merchandise in the shops here were very expensive..you may get better bargains outside in local shops markets. But yes there could be items that you get only here. Its an individual call.The next place we went was Tomorrowland. Our most coveted ride Space Mountain was closed for maintenance. The Orbitron ride was silly...wish we had given this ride a miss. The Autopia was fun for my daughter. A long queue to drive an electric car on a designated path....a must thrill for an underage teen dying to get her hands on daddy's car at the earliest but being prevented due to age restrictions. So if you anyways drive ...you can give it a miss but if you have a child pls sit in the passenger's seat and enjoy the happiness on your child's face. Other places here are not even worth writing about.We enjoyed the Mainstreet USA as we got to see a lot of the park people in the cartoon gear sauntering up and down and you can pose with the characters. The place was throbbing with energy. Art Of Animation did not appeal to us and after spending some time there we came back. We spent some time in Animation Academy, it was fun learning to draw Goofy with certain easy strokes.Our next stop was Adventure land and by then it had become dark. The ride we had wanted to take had closed by then. And just because we wanted to do something in this part as well we went to the Festival of Lion King. I only went as my daughter insisted. Just about three months back we had seen the Broadway musical of Lionking in London and I was convinced this would just be a waste of time after that. How wrong I was !!!! Its one of the best shows that I have seen. In that half an hour they performed and used props and special effects which made it worth the while to compare it to a broadway show. It was mindblowing... and the lead singer....what a God gifted voice she had. You must see this if you go there. Worth every second.Our next stop was Grizzly Gilch. The Runaway Mine car was the ride we took. It was good but did not meet our level of expectation. Maybe I was wrong to think of this as a roller coaster...but if you can let go of expectations...you can enjoy this ride. This was the best ride in the park. The geyser gulch was a way to get me wet by my naughty teen. I narrowly escaped with most parts dry.The next place was Toy Story. The Parachute drop was good. THe RC Racer had my stomach lurching not because of fright but because of the direction of movement. So if you have a weak stomach or have just eaten you may wait a while before going on this one. I am sure my lunch would have on someone ahead of me it it had not got digested so thoroughly.Our last place was the Mysctic point. We only went there as we had some time in our hand before the firework show. I thank all my lucky stars for that. The ride inside the manor was enough to scare the living lights out of you at some point of time or the other. Do it and you would thank me for it. I would not really like to spoil the surprise.We walked back to to the Sleeping Beauty castle to see the firework show at 8.30 pm. There is no need to rush back to get the front seats...the show is up there on the sky so even if you are sitting at the back you can easily see it. The castle looked ethereal and I was transported back to my childhood. We were lucky that it was a clear night and there was no rain during the show. Was told by my friends that their show was interrupted by the rains. Like I have mentioned before it was really spectacular.Overall it was a good experience. It would have been great if the rides too were nice. But if you are going for the first time, it is worth your while to visit it.
Nice park and attractions as well! Easy to reach and not so big!! The food is ordinary for the park with not so many choices, well kept but so many peoples with long queues..... Waiting for get your turn, really amazing parade at the end!! Have to see it........
It was a great experience seeing Mickey and his friends for the first time. Indeed, Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. We were able to have fun and see the attractions in just a few hours. It was worth it. Will definitely come back and recommend this to my friends and family! Hopefully they will add more attractions that families and friends can enjoy.
One of the smallest Disney in the world! Not many attractions. Can finish in half day.. Wouldn't really return! Tokyo USA Paris are way better
very nice place a lot of people a lot of walking , it suitable to small boy and girl and also for adult if you visit Hongkong then you should visit this place
If you have been to Disney World in the USA or to any other Disneyland in the world, I would not recommend to visit Hong Kong Disneyland since you will basically experience the same attractions and sights.It is very well connected to the public transportation (MTR station Sunny Bay to change lines), the site is clean. But the entrance fee is rather pricey.
Loved our trip to Disneyland. Only downside was that Space Mountain was closed, which we knew prior anyway as it was advertised on the website. Wheelchair hire was a good deal, only $30 HKD a day with a $100HKD deposit you received back at the end of the night. The parades and fireworks at the end of the evening are truly magical.
Hong Kong Disneyland shouldn't really be advertised as Disneyland haha. It's super small and while it is very cute, it was just a little sad. Tomorrow land isn't really tomorrow land, more like tomorrow corner. Space mountain isn't as cool. No splash mountain, no Haunted Mansion :( Staff weren't really friendly, a bit cold. Just kinda strange experience. You can't go into the castle, no Peter Pan ride! Haha other than that it's not really as expensive to get in, and it is very fun to go to Disneyland in another country right? So go and have fun, but be prepared. Hope this helps!! :)
Well what can I say, i am a huge fan of all Disneyland resorts and this one is no different. Although much smaller than those found in California this park doesn't lose any of the magic that Disneyland brings. Young and old will still meet all there favorite characters and a lot of the original style rides have been recreated. It can be hot in the warmer months with the humidity reaching boiling point but there are plenty of areas to escape the heat if you feel inclined. If you love Disneyland like I do, go on and give it a go. Easy to get around, not so busy when we went and as I said, still has the magical feeling of Disneyland.
I have visited this Amusement Park on the day of my birthday! And I feel so blessed to experience Disneyland and to feel so good being a child again. The place is really amazing. One of the best. It's worth the price. everything is worth it. I recommend to visit all the attractions if you can. Visit the place at the earliest time during their opening hours. Enjoy the whole experience. Have fun. And don't miss the fireworks and you will be amazed. Take photos as much as you want, and save all the memories you have in Disneyland HK.For the tix    you can buy online or just go on queue at their ticketing booth. You can take the 2 day visit or the standard 1 day ticket. Just go to their website for more options.What a wonderful world it is. Great to visit Disneyland.
Nothing is overrrated here. It's fun and yes, you will leave this place smiling. Souvenir items are way too overpriced in my own opinion.
Went to Disney with my siblings and our kids. Great time! No long lines and we got to ride multiple times. There were more cooler things for adults to do and the selection in the shops were quite extensive too. Kids and adults had a wonderful time. Food:huge servings can be shared. Free drinking fountains Bathrooms can be cleaner.
Second visit in 2 years for my child and still loving it especially when visited during the cooler months. Small scale but enjoyable as you can complete all rides, etc within a day. Downside is the expensive merchandise and food. A Mickey Mouse plain waffle costs HKD50, way too expensive.
i have visit Hong kong Disneyland on the end of January. The weather so cold and windy. so we just tried 2 outdoor attraction. buy ticket online could help you to reduce time to queue at ticket box. tips from me, when you enter the gate, take the attraction map and found some fast track attraction, so you could save queue time and enjoy more attraction. Don't missed the parade! you could find the schedule on the map also.while you're waiting for firework, there is a lot of shop around the Disneyland, and every store may be have different merchandise. Hope you have a wonderful experience as i do.
Bought our tickets from the local 7 11. Quite a easy entry without much fuss (the reputed long searches and queues were not seen)   just come early. Our plan to visit the various areas of interest allowed us to end with the parade in the afternoon. Mystic Manor, ToyStoryLand, Lion King, It's a Small World among many others. The shopping at Main Street took some time, and we did get quite a bit of souvenirs, though not as much as at Ocean Park. Food was actually nice for the price.The staff members seem a bit tired   this could have an impact on the Disney magic on kids   the park management should take better care of them!
It is a place you must go if you have kids and they will enjoy it........ The only thing is the souvenirs and foods are expensive.....The firework is great but after the show you will see many people rushing to the exit and must hold your kids hands or carry them if not you will have problems if you lost them.....
We will surely come back to this magical and happiest place on earth! We spend 3 days in Hong Kong, Day 2 for Disneyland, it was February 14, 2016.The day before was their 10th anniversary so luckily the place not too crowded and no long ques for rides. But honestly we were not able to try all the rides since we arrived past 12 noon because we had a city tour before we proceed there. One of the best is Grizzly Gulch ride and 4D film show. My daughter was so amazed. We really enjoyed it. Thumbs up for Day & Night parade especially for the breathtaking fireworks. Souvenirs and foods are so pricey!
Entrance Fee: HKD: 539How to get there:Buy a ticket that goes directly to Disney. Interchange stations either in Central or Lai King. Transfer to Orange lane going to Tung Chung station but drop off at Sunny Bay, then ride a train going to Disney.Location: Disneyland Resort is located at Lantau Island. Near HKG airport. Good for passengers waiting for hours for their connecting flight Events:Parades happen in morning, afternoon and evening latest is 7:15Fireworks at 8:30Overall the visit is superb. But for an adult, not going back. Once is enough... But kids would really enjoy to the fullest...Also, just setting everyone's expectation that you might experience pressure in your ears going to Sunny bay due to it's speed, this made panicked for some time. So prepare for chewing gum or swallow to equalize the pressure.
Great service and just what I had expected. Not too far from central HK and a great day out for the kids and adults alike.
Must admit I have not been that impressed with this attraction and that is the main reason I never visit this place until last December. Turns out to be an enjoyable outing. Albeit being small in size, it does have good stuff like the parade, Toy Story, Lion King and Winnie the Pooh. The most impressive of all is the fireworks at closing time. That is so unreal! We were very happy that we went in the afternoon and stayed for the fireworks, before departing for the airport after that. Visit and see it for yourself!
It's a very enchanting place to be in. You feel like you're in a very giant playground. Everywhere you go. The first thing we did in Hong Kong was go here :) To be honest I never expected it to be so much fun, but it was. At the end of the day we were exhausted but thoroughly entertained. A memory for me and my family to remember for a long time.
Disneyland Hongkong is well maintained good food and friendly staff and lot of Disney toys. Surely your kid will enjoy.
I've been to Hong Kong Disneyland twice. First was just me and my husband and the second time with my nephew, sisters and mother. I would say that this is a must when visiting Hong Kong. Most people will say that it's overrated but the sound and the chaos once you enter the park will make you feel young again! I hate to admit it but I was starstrucked when I saw Mickey and Minnie! :) I recommend getting there early so you can enjoy all the rides and maximize your time. They're very strict though when it comes to outside food and drinks. Bring lots of cash cause a bottle of water costs around 20HKD and you will not only be consuming 1 or 2 bottles the whole day. Trust me ;)
You don't have to worry too much if you go there with young kids: they should be busy for all the time they are in the park.However this is not a huge Disneyland park with tons of attractions. Still it is worth a visit.During the winter season it does not seem to be packed at all so you won't wait too long before enjoying attractions.In short it's good fun but in my view it is not as special as the other Disneyland parks in the US or in France.
My family has been to many Disneylands & Disney World. For our nephews, 2 and 3 years old, first time to Disney we chose HK Disneyland since it's not too big so it's easier for us to take care of them.We rode the Dumbo, Winnie the Pooh, and It's a small world. The line was very long in Toy Story Land so we didn't ride anything but the boys enjoyed wandering in the land.We watched Mickey and the Wondrous Book which the boys said they wanted to watch again when it's end. Festival of the Lion King, the 3 years old fell asleep but the 2 years old loves it.When the boys needed to take a nap after lunch, we found a perfect quiet zone at the Starliner Diner in Tomorrowland.
It takes more than a day to go through all the attractions however the wait is worth it.  Bring the whole family. They will surely enjoy.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              15                          Mickey   s PhilharMagic 3D, Mystic Manor, Festival of The Lion King, Mickey and the Wondrous Book, Flights of Fantasy Parade, Jungle River Cruise                                                                                                                                                                            2                                                                                                                        Disney Paint the Night                                                                                   10
This is a must from old to the very young. Had Grandkids with us and totally enjoyed all the Characters, activities and the Grand Parade is a MUST........Well organised and you don't have too go the America.
Back when Disney first opened, general spenders were local and expats but in recent years, the attraction is mainly focused on mainlanders which spit and throw garbage on floors, fight for seats and have no understanding of lining up. Not a good place to bring the family anymore.
We had an enjoyable day there. But we're disappointed as space mountain and winnie the pooh were under maintenance. Most of the rides are for younger children so we were really looking foward to the space mountain. Oh well...we did have fun at the end of the day. Do not miss the fireworks. It was amazing. I would appreciate if the shops were to close a little later. We did not have time to shop as we were trying to cover as much as we can in the park. So the best time to shop would be after the fireworks.
We had a great time. We went there since start at 10 am on friday. The advanture rides are not that many. The space moutain was closed for some renovation, so quite disappointed. Foods is quite big portion which is good.The staffs are great. The lion king and night parade show is very impressive. If Fireworks could start earlier would be great.
This is a very packed Disneyland (with regard to physical space). Our Kids loved it.Highlights  1. 2 Parades  Day and Night (with all your favorite charecters)2. 4D Show (mickey mouse) and a live theater (Lion King)3. Finishes with Fireworks (around 8:30PM)Do  Don'ts1. Reach early and avoid weekends, else you would be mostly waiting in long ques for rides2. Get familiar with their layout and rides (before you reach, it will save you valuable time)3. Use the Klook app, it will save you money  time4. If you want to save more, bring your own food (though they check and advise otherwise, they are not rigid)
Visited HK Disneyland with the entire family, and we actually spent two days of our HK trip in Disneyland alone. Lots of fun rides and attractions, plus photo ops with Mickey Mouse and friends. If I were to describe this place in one word, it would be 'magical'.
My first Disneyland visit! Love it! But it rather small for a theme park attraction. The food were too expensive!
I was surprised it was cheaper to get in than the one in the States, it is much smaller that the American one but still very impressive.  Perfect place for children and if you want to re live your childhood.
It was so amazing to go back our childhood at Disneyland in Hong Kong. It had lot of fun and lot of activities. You need to be prepared for lot of enerygy and long walking distance too. Overall was so enjoyable!
shopping is very interested... the children love Disneylands  foods delicious, ang the pepole is friendly
We found a Buy 3 get 1 Free ticket promotion online and the prices were the cheapest except that we needed to visit before January 3, 2016. We couldn't make it any other dates except on January 1, 2016 and that day happened to be a busy day for HK Disneyland. We bought a Disneyland PhotoPass package which we thought it was a good deal since we are splitting the cost. But we later realized that we had spent too much time waiting in line to take pictures with the Disneyland characters and that we did not enjoy as many rides as we would like. The park itself is small but we did not have time to walk through the entire park. The fire work show at night was great. Make sure you start saving your spot for this fire work show. The mid day parade was good too. Recommend going early in the day and start enjoying the park.
If you have kids under 10 and if this is your first visit to any of the Disney land, then this is a place of heaven . I travelled with a 9 year old and a 6 year old.We changed our itinerary twice to visit Disneyland because of rains. The excitement started when we were asked to board the Disney land train, quite different from the normal metro trains. I would say the tickets were not as expensive as I thought for the park. You are greeted by Mickey mouse and his spouse : ) at the entrance and are allowed to take few photograph's with them. Our first thing to do was to fill up some energy to walk. ( it is a bigger park by walk and energy boosters are required in frequent intervals). So there you go, spend some money on the turkey, frozen pack popcorns and some energy drinks. We took a copy of the map of the park which contains list of additional scheduled events.I had taken a firm decision on making the kids wait until I completely plan for the day. Though tough task, but at the end of the day we all felt happy for the plan.I am not going to explain you what we did with each game the rest of the day because it differs on every one's interest. But if you have girl kids don't miss the frozen show. The 3d show, the evening parade, cracker show is worth it. Never mind about food or beverages, there are plenty of options. Park is clean and hygienic. Worth the Visit
If you go HongKong Disneyland , you will find that's fantastic and easily go there with MTR train from downtown of Hong Kong or Kowloon but you must to calculate the time that you will return to the city. Inside this Disney has many things to do and enjoy it !
Going to Disneyland is every childhood's dream. As a reward for myself to my son and to my family, i spent all my savings to visit Hong kong particularly Disneyland and stay at Disneyland Hollywood hotel. Money is everywhere but the experience, the memories and fun that we experienced through out our stay for 5days will be forever. (January 28   February 1, 2016)Definitely will be back here soon.
Best show: Festival of the Lion King. Best ride: mystic manor. Why did they change  The Golden Mickeys?  It featured the best music and movies and the show was well made. The new  Mickey and the wondrous book  have less popular music and the voice of the singers are not that good. Best parade: Light show at night parade.
Most of their rides and activities are for kids, but they have a few rides for adults like the train station and the boat ride by the lake. If you're looking for some adventure, it best to go to Universal Studio or Ocean Park.
Wow ... what a place ... i remember my childhood and relived it . Such a wonderful experience . How the full day gone couldn't realize. Many shows , train ride, other rides , pared, Scary House :D  . Awesome !!!!
Living in Orlando, I've had many opportunities to visit Disney here so when I had a chance to visit Hong Kong Disneyland, I had to take advantage of it. The park had a very similar feel to the Magic Kingdom here in Orlando. Many of the same attractions, shops, etc but some that are unique to Hong Kong Disneyland. Although I was warned about how much smaller Cinderella's castle is at the Hong Kong park, I was really surprised at just how small it really is. The park is much smaller than the Orlando version as well. The park was very clean and the service throughout was in line with the Disney quality you come to expect. When walking through the park, the smells were were quite different from what I'm used to at home. Instead of french fries, turkey legs and lots of different sweets, I smelled so many other smells that are native to the Hong Kong China area. It was fun to see how Disney was done on the other side of the world and if you've got a chance to visit, you should certainly do so.
Wherever I go, I consider the entrance fees and I can say paying 510 HKD ($65) is worth it as every attractions were amazing. The queues aren't that bad in every attractions and if you spend the whole day here, you'll come home satisfied. I advise, come as early as you could.
The last time I visited a Disneyland Park I was very young, and it was in Florida, USA. This time I visited Hong Kong Disneyland with my wife at the age of 50. Although it is much smaller than the Disneylands in California and Florida it is still good. They are expanding the park but I guess it does take time to build it. When I did visit, I was feeling under the weather with a stomach problem, which limited my enjoyment of the park as far as the food goes, but I did get to see almost all of the washrooms at the park   LOL. We went in February of 2015, so it was what the call winter but me being Canadian I would call it spring type weather. I was lightly dressed but the locals where wearing parkas so it all depends on what you are used to.There is plenty of English spoken there as it is a major tourist attraction. It never stops feeling weird for me the see the signs in Chinese. Even though I know I am in Asia and I am the foreigner, but it still seems weird LOL
Adults and children, everyone loves Disneyland. Can be very busy at weekends and holidays, better if you can go mid week . Plenty to do , you will have a great time.
Once you get inside, you won't be able to leave. It indeed makes you feel like a little kid all over again. Dining places are great, as well shops and attractions. Orbitron and Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars were a blast.
We have fun and enjoy this tour!!! Its so nice to visit the happiest place on earth for the very first time! :) i wish to be back here!! I love ALL the rides!!
There really isn't much more to say than it's Disneyland, if you have never been to Disneyland, regardless of whether you think you want to it's definately worth a trip.
I was travelling with my 2 best friends! Indeed it was full of fun and adventure from the opening gates to the various rides, shows (Lion King, Mickey) etc.), pictorials, restaurants, souvenir shops and most of all the closing parade of the Disney characters the amazing Fire works! its A wow!!!! I feel like a 10 year old kid again!
This is one of the places you have to visit during your stay in Hong Kong, the entrance fee is quite expensive but it was worth it. Make sure to come early to enjoy every ride there. I came at 2 pm and end up regretting it because i didn't have time to enjoy every ride because of the park operating hours.
A must visit place in Hong Kong , preferable use the train to reach this island where Disney Land is locates , a fun filled place for the entire family ,, Loved this place and recommend to all the travelers going to Hong Kong.
This is the first time where from opening from gates to closing time we were there, though visited in US.. My daughter was only 3 , even she remember the castle, small world and the lion king show.. Thumbs up to Disney land
HK DISNEYLAND is good for all ages. Who doesn't love disneyland? Prices are a bit steeper than outside but they have to maintain the place so it's a good balance. There's always something new.
Was fun to go with the family, but had a problem being pushed around and cut in line by mainland Chinese who were also there.
We really enjoyed, you can't cover everything in a single day as there is lot ot do. Tommorow land is so much fun. Everyone is really helpful and friendly.
Some people will say that HK Disney isn't like Disneyland like that's a bad thing. I actually loved HK Disney BECAUSE it wasn't like Disneyland. It wasn't as crowded. There are some rides that are unique to HK that aren't at any other Disney. The cast members were lovely and friendly (so very Disney in the respect). I would highly recommend HK Disney to anyone but especially those with little kids   the Toy Story area is so much fun and you could spend the whole day there with them, and its unique to HK Disney. I would definitely go back to HK DIsney just not when it's summer or spring   way too humid for me, will surely go in winter next time
It's like not visiting hongkong without disneyland!  Park entrance is quite pricey but you'll find it's worth once you are inside and you can see your kids enjoying the fantasy world.
Went 1 day before Chinese New Year, entrance quick and smooth with no problems. Crowds ok, manageable, better than the Paris ones.Managed a record number of rides for adults and kids with no fastpass. Resort was busy enough but managed alright as most queues were between 5 min and 30 min.Size of resort just perfect. My daughter was dressed as Snow White and good a VIP invite (seat) for big parade (best thing that could ever happend to a 5 y old) . Carriage with princesses stopped and danced with our daughter that had a vip seat(offered free by Disneyland Great Employees ) which made our day.Our daughter was very happy (over the moon)Only drawback was that we wanted to stay in Disneyland hotel but was extremely expensive.We had free shuttle bus from Marriott Hotel on the airport which was great.Right size resort for visiting in one day, also lovely dim sum in restaurant(piggy face decorated for kids amusement)
The fireworks display is the highlight of any Disneyland trip. Especially now that they have added the CASTLE PROJECTION. It made it more magical. Food and drinks cannot be brought inside the park, everything must be purchased inside (and they are quite pricey). A meal would cost around 95 110 HKD. Talk about golden meals huh.
Normally I wouldn   t think of Disney as relaxing but HK Disney definitely is. We went on a Monday at about 11AM just to beat the crowd which was highly unnecessary. It was also super easy to get to by subway. The main part of the park was just opening and there were only a few people there. It is, as expected, much smaller than Disney World but still has many of the same attractions, just less of them overall. Because there were so few people in the park the entire day we never had to wait more than 3 minutes to get on a ride and since there aren   t that many rides we were able to do everything we wanted multiple times. However, myself and my friend I went with are both full grown adults so we only did a few of the rides that appealed to us so there was a lot of free time where we just walked around and enjoyed the scenery. The best part of the day was he food we had at the River View Caf   across from the Jungle River Cruise. They offer a    high tea    set menu which was excellent. Cute and delicious dim sum that definitely fills you up too. You can get other drinks as well since it may be a little too hot out for tea. And again since it was crowded at all we were just able to sit and relax. I definitely wouldn   t go if you   re looking to go on rides unless you   re travelling with young children. And as long as it is not a busy day I wouldn   t plan for more than half a day there.
Although much smaller than its counterparts, Hong Kong Disney is still a fun day out. They do sell multi day passes but you definitely don't need more than a day to see it all if you plan your day well. Highlights: space mountain is better than others, and in place of the haunted mansion is Mystic Mansion with a magical rather than ghostly theme. Food is very expensive, not great, and few Western options. Staff were all very helpful and polite.
I went there alone and it was one of the best experiences in my life. I wish I can go back again. The people there are awesome, watch out for the mainland people though as they can get a bit rough.
Everyone knows who mickey mouse is. So if you are travelling here with kids, your defintely going to enjoy seeing your kid's eyes light up whenever they see the attractions. The attractions are on par with the ones in Anaheim, it's a smaller version but definitely worth it. You just have to deal with the rude Chinese mainlanders who have a tendency to jump lines. But it's disneyland! nothing can ruin it.
It's nice place but the kids will enjoy it more. For adults you have only 2 3 attractions.   The price is little bit high. It's not Paris or USA :)
Another Disney to visit! Smaller than the American ones but still a good day out. Very easy to travel to Hong Kong Disney which is built on reclaimed land and has been open for 10 years. Very few Western tourists again mainly Chinese and quite busy with the Chinese New Year celebrations.Cost was approx   55 per person entrance fee. Lots of the scary roller coaster rides again! Same old ones, 'it's a Small World' etc etc Quite disappointed as there was no Minnie Mouse house! No characters wandering around as in other Disney Parks but the parade was just the same. Food just awful and expensiveTried the bakery  bought a small chicken pie (was sweet pastry yugh!) and a doughnut with 2 coffees   15  all restaurants again aimed at the Chinese market. Was still fun to wander around and the weather was good   great for kids and if you have never been to a Disney but the American ones are so much more exciting and much more to see
We visited the place with my friends and we really enjoyed a lot. It's a dream come true to visit here and its all worth it. It's like i went back to my younger days when i visit the place, so many people went there, families, couples and a group of young age as well. The place is really big and its beautiful.
Part of our Hong Kong and Macau tour package is a 1 day pass to Disneyland. I've been wanting to go there since I was in high school.The place is magical, especially at night when all the lights are on! Lines can be quite long though, so be patient!!!! Food and water can be pretty expensive. The same goes for the souvenirs. A 500ml bottle of water cost us HKD $28. A bowl of rice topped with beef each cost the three of us HKD $109 (HKD $112 for our friend).Loved the fireworks!!!! It showed almost all of my favorite Disney characters. Yey! : D
Yes, the park is small. But it offers everything you would expect from a Disney park and more. Mystic Point and Grizzly Gulch are exclusive to this park and worth a visit. Mystic Manor is ride well worth any wait and worth a couple rides in different cars.
Ok. So Disneyland is for kids right? Well we are all big kids really... and Disneyland is still a relatively fund day out for adults. Starting with the positives, the mine train ride is awesome, Space Mountain is pretty cool, plus there is a good brunch in one of the hotels, where you can high five Pluto and hang out with Goofy. The downsides... 1) The park is pretty small 2) The castle is about the same size as a normal suburban house and 3) this is for kid's fundamentally!
In the past Christmas, my daughter who is now working in Shanghai, took her baby about 20 month young and her husband to spend the holiday with us in Hong Kong. Our entire family fixed a date to visit the Disneyland. Although it has been here for some time, my children all had visited this place with or without other friends in multiple time, this is the first experience for me and my wife. We both visited Disney in L.A., Orlando, Tokyo many times , but never here. It is a post Christmas weekday, more visitors than usual. With less mainland visitors lately, it is not too crowded after all. My son paid for everyone's admission fare, but I enjoyed my senior citizen rate of only HK$100. What a benefit for a 65 year old HK resident!Like I said before, we have visited Disneyland in different places many times, I have no surprises, but still enjoys all the classical scenes and rides. Particularly with our grandchild, a baby girl, her first encounter, we enjoys even more. Watching her excitement at the instant to see and recognize Mickey and Minnie, we feel so rewarded. This is the magic about Disneyland, it can amuse people of all walks and all ages.The place is running orderly regardless of the big crowd, we all enjoyed the visit. The food prices are very expensive, the park even check visitors' bags to disallow the bringing of food, to ensure their exclusive food sales rights. I am not sure I will agree with that. If the park uses this method to compensate their income, then you should raise the admission fare, force people to buy expensive or not so tasty food does not seem right.We finished the day with the famous night parade and fireworks.
Would be wiser to go during off peak season to avoid the crowd. Also would prefer if the shows were today in English, but they need to cater to those who don't understand. Also, they were playing Chinese New Year songs. Totally killed my Disney mood
Great day at Disneyland. I travel with my kid through Lunar new Year, a lot of people and we have to wait for a long time for each game. But it's ok for that. Firework at 9pm is amazing. Love it!
I've been to two other disneylands and this one is the smallest. That has it's advantage as it's also cheapest. With young kids there is a limit to how much we could do anyway and HK offers the magical experience like every other. We easily rented a pram for HK$100 which was worth it. We used to wonder why 5 year kids needed one, now we understand! It's cause they are exhausted walking everywhere so it's faster with the Pram, they don't whinge and I can out all our bags and drink bottles and jumpers in it! The prams are hard plastic which are a little different, the 5 & 2 year old happily slept (or passed out in exhaustion) during the day in it once we padded it with our jackets. Jackets were also useful cause the air conditioned places are ridiculously freezing. The youngest (8mths) couldn't sit in it himself but big bro (5) happily held him. We got lots of looks (some good some not so). I really appreciated the staff at the park who genuinely seemed to find our kids cute despite I'm sure they see hundreds of kids everyday.We were lucky and went on a day that drizzled a bit which didn't bother us at all and it meant the park was not so busy with 5mins wait on most rides (unheard of in my last 4 times there). The food there is cheap compare to the other disneylands but the turkey leg was dry and tough so stick to the soy sauce chicken drum sticks. It was also nice to actually sit down to have a proper dinner for a rest before the night parade and it wasn't over the roof expensive. Approximately $50 for two main dishes and they didn't make us feel bad for ordering so little (2 adults, 2 kids and baby had baby food)All in all a Disney experience is a must for kids and this one is the most affordable. Older kids may not find this park entertaining enough but young kids loved it so I will be back several more times I'm sure,
Best place to visit for the entire family, Loved it and my kids loved it too , Experience worth treasuring , meeting your childhood cartoon heros , be it mickey mouse or donal duck ...a fun filled experience indeed.....
At $539 HKD which equates to about   50,it is as cheap as chips.The gift shops and eateries are typical Disney overpriced. My advice is take a picnic.Transport links to the resort are excellent and the staff are very happy,cheerful and helpful.The park itself is relatively small and you can easily get around in a day,but for the price no complaints from me
We decided to visit with our 3 yr old daughter whilst on holiday from the uk. Having never been to any other Disneyland locations I was very disappointed with it.There was a distinct lack of Disney characters around and there seemed to be more shops than attractions. Frankly peppa pig world at Paultons Park in the Uk was more enjoyable.I wouldn't visit again.
Disneyland was fantastic. They have done an incredible job making that place a must see destination for kids and adults. Must see rides are grizzly gulch runaway mine carts and mystic Manor. The lion king show was magical and could easily have been a show you would pay to go and see out side of disneyland. It's a full day, plan ahead to do the popular rides early, even get their before opening to make sure you are first through the gates. So mystic Manor first. I promise you won't be disappointed. Staff are polite and very help full.
Disneyland in Hong Kong is a perfect place for all ages, lots of rides and shows on stage, great food and atmosphere. we have been there at lease 10 times over last 3 years and still like to go more.
I went here last week   that is after CNY   and I was really disappointed of how the place is so crowded which I was not able to visit the entire place in 8 hours. I'm pretty sure that is a enough time to look around the whole place yet, I regret coming here. On the other hand, the place was great! Especially for people who loves Disney shows! My suggestion, if you are looking forward on coming here soon, better book tickets on a non holiday days or non event days. I assure you that you are able to look around and enjoy the place in just a day. Also, try FastPass @ The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh and Space Mountain   so you are able to save time as well! :)
I think there is a big kid in all of us adults. My friend and I visited here in March 2015. We were a little disappointed as a few of the exhibitions weren't open and the end of day parade wasn't going when we were there either. Had heaps of fun tho... I especially loved Mystic Manor. Great for little kids too, of course, but big kids will get a kick out of this. Going back in April 2016 as there are new exhibits and would like to see the ones I didn't get to see last time. You need at least 1 full day here and try and get here right on opening time to make the most of your day.
This Disney property is small but it was a great experience. Some of the rides were the same as the ones in the USA, others were different. There is a big discount for seniors which is a big plus. I can truly say that I am glad I was able to visit this park because our family enjoys going to Disney parks and even though this one was small, it was a fun experience.
Thought it was just good for families and kids but i was completely wrong. Shows were spectacular. Parades were awesome. Rides were super enjoyable. So much to do in so little time. Food expensive and not that good though. No need to buy water they have water faucets everywhere. Souvenirs were awesome and of good quality. Accesible by mtr. Make this your priority if its your first time in HK.
I want by myself on a day trip while visiting Hong Kong for CNY and I had a great time. For me, there were just enough rides so that I had fun but didn't get worn out. The park itself is beautiful and wee maintained and has a lot to offer families. As a single, it was good too, they have special lines so you can be filler on some of the rides which can be a shorter wait time. There is a food offer at the ticket booth for lunch, dinner and a snack and saves you quite a bit of money in that area. All in all, a very enjoyable experience!
For me it was the first time in Disneyland. So i didn't excpect anything and it was really nice. My friend visited Disneyland Paris before   Disneyland Paris offers more attractions for adult people like the rollercosters. But otherwise you are able to visit the whole Hong Kong Disneyland in one day because of the size. For real, the attractions are most made for children, except for 2 3 attractions like space Mountain, big grizzly and rc racer. They are a bit more faster. The Shows (Leon King and mickeys wonderous book) very really nice and very well produced. It's worth a visit. Asian stuff people don't smile so much and the Asian Visitor don't know queques, but I think that's asia. Just do it like them. ;) Food was OK, but expensive   like in every Theme Park. Toilettes were clean. The night Parade at 7:30pm was very nice, less car than in Paris of course. All in all nice day Trip, especially for children.
went there becos of my boy. was crowded and every rides would take about 60   70 mins of queuing. there are few rides that visitors can get express Q. however, this express tickets are not given out thru out the whole day. only for limited time in a day.
This was a disappointment. The decor was great, but there are not enough rides for the amount of people they let in, and everyone (inc adults, actually, the majority are adults) goes on every ride, including the ones obviously designed for small kids (e.g. carrousel). This resulted in long lines everywhere, 1 hour waits for most rides. The abundant warning signs suggest the rides are very exciting, which they were for our 4 & 8 year old, but not for any adult who's been to a western amusement park before. The park has been filled with shops and restaurants, more than one needs, as there were no lines for any of these. This may have had something to do with the prices and the quality of the food. On the positive side: the easy MRT access and the park maintenance and cleanliness. If you want to do a theme park in South East Asia with young kids, I think Legoland in Johor is the superior option. For bigger kids take Universal Studios in Singapore.
Definitely a must experience attraction for first time visitors of Hong Kong. It may seem like the same as that of other Disneyland's, well you will be in for a surprise of sorts. The presentations are quite new and so are the rides. Take a detour to Inspiration Lake and you'll be happy you did.
Be sure to go while they're having their 10th anniversary!!! They have a lot of exclusive merch. They also have the light show before the fireworks show which was so awesome. I also noticed that since our visit last 2012, the have addnl attractions which were the mystic park? And the one with the Bears. I forgot the names. My dad was able to buy limited edition Star Wars merch which they only sell in disneylands. The r2d2 and bb8 which are operated by voice command. And my brother's kilu ren sword.
I went to Disneyland with 2 other 20 something girls on Chinese New Year's Eve (Sunday 7th Feb 2016). We had a great time!We decided to go a bit last minute the night before and saved money by booking tickets online with klook.com, tickets here are HKD480 per adult. The tickets can be downloaded onto the Klook app and easily scanned at the park. Klook.com also offers a food voucher for HKD88 which we didn't go for, but in retrospect would probably have been worth it as we ended up spending more than that for less food than the voucher offers when at the park.We arrived right at opening and got into the park around 9:15am. It really wasn't as busy as I'd anticipated it would be, our maximum queue time was 20 minutes and probably averaged 5minutes per attraction. We got to see Goofy and Buzz Lightyear with no queues as the first things we did. Bizarrely it didn't get busy until around 4pm, that could be because HK is supposedly a late running city or because people arrived only for the parade and fireworks, I don't know. Anyway we went round the park anti clockwise and managed to have done everything by about 2 or 3pm, so if you are a late riser you could probably have just as good a day (if the park is as un busy as it was for us) if you arrived at 11 or so.The highlight was Toy Story Land for us. The RV Racer rollercoaster (a U shaped track you are flung forwards and backwards on) was the best ride in the park and the decoration was done really really well! There is also a water fountain for free bottle fill ups by the Toy Story Land toilets which'll save you shelling out for pricey bottled water at the stands.Other great rides were Space Mountain, It's a Small Small World (nostalgic for me from when I was the right age to go to Disneyland), Slinky Dog ride, Runaway Mine Cart rollercoaster, Mystery House tour (surprisingly good). These may not be the right names!The Lion King stage show was *really* good. We saw the 4:30 performance. Definitely worth seeing. The dialogue was in English though they did very well to include Mandarin speakers in the performance with two monkeys cleverly translating the storyline without at all detracting for English speakers. Very cleverly done with a circle stage.We stayed for the parade and fireworks. These really are worth seeing but we spent too long saving a good spot to watch from, on benches Tomorrowland side of the central circle. It definitely is worth being able to see the castle for the fireworks though as there is an awesome light show on it. Lots of people sit on the ground to watch so it probably would have been worth getting a spot there and sitting down right after the parade finished.
Our family had a great time. It's good to see my favorite disney characters when I was a child. I have felt like a three year old again when I rode the rides. It was very fun.
having been a plenty of times, a definite change of staff attitude (gosh, where's the  smile you are on stage  disappeared to) and a drop in quality is very visible. Very disappointing. Throughout most of early 2015 it's been every time fantastic. polite, friendly staff, great access to the characters and most rides open. After September 2015 there's been a clear decline on all levels; prices went up; attractions keep being closed or removed (why the hell would you stop the Frozen experience if that is still such a success and so many merchandise things are still so popular   the area it had been in, is now empty anyways?!? So you get less for more money. very disappointing.
Visited here on a weekend to my regret. The place was crowded to capacity with long queues for attractions of over an hour. Would recommend mid week visits though I must say Disney did not disappoint with the afternoon parade taking centre stage as usual
We enjoyed all the rides. The rides were all safe. The restaurants were all good except that they were too expensive. The bathrooms were clean and they were everywhere. The parade was splendid and the fireworks were truly magical. I will come back here.
Must visit while in Hongkong.Its magical kingdom.Can book full day tour to see the Adventureland,Main street U.S.A.,Fantasyland and Tommorowland.The night parade with Fireworks at the end os absuletly astonishing.
We had a great family vacation in hk last feb 4 7, i decided to bring my baby girl in Disneyland hong kong and as always it was great weekend escape with my fambam.I know that my baby had a great time in disneyland for i can see it in her eyes and smile in her face.She was very very happy during the character parade, she was very excited in all the rides that they have there and whats perfect is the weather coz its 10 12c, The line was not so long, its about 10 mins waiting time only thus i can say that disneyland would always be the beat place to go to especially of youll bring your children
Makes you feel n think like a kid, super excited and curious at all times. Keep unselfish hydrated while walking around and enjoying d rides. Don't miss the parade which gives u awesome photo opportunities. Min. Two days if you have kids.
Disneyland never gets old. My son and I have been to Disney World in Florida, Disneyland in California, and now Disneyland Hong Kong. We loved Hong Kong. The facilities are beautiful and the lines were the shortest we've ever seen (we went the week before Chinese New Year   Feb 2nd and 3rd). The sun was out but the weather was cool, the staff are lovely and fluent in Chinese, English, and Cantonese, and even the food is reasonably priced and good! My son and I travel on a budget but were able to afford both lunch and dinner at the park (sandwiches, small dishes at the Tahitian Terrace, and a dinner at the Banquet Hall) for two days. The park was easy to get to via Hong Kong's Metro system (any stop to Sunny Bay   we traveled from TST   about 35 minutes); the metro from Sunny Bay to Disney is Mickey themed, as well. My son nearly exploded from excitement! Two days seemed to be the perfect length of time   we rode all of our favorites multiple times, interacted with talking trash cans (out every hour in Tomorrowland), meandered along Main Street, took in the fabulous shows, and had a glorious time. Incidentally, Small World ice cream is fantastic!
For a person who has been to LA Disneyland twice, the HK Disneyland is definitely nothing conpared to her counterpart in LA but comparing her to other established theme parks around the world, she is definitely not the worst. A relatively small theme park but the entertainment was good for young children especially girls who love Disney princesses (like mine). It's definitely a heaven for the children.
A place which every kid wants to visit. A place which every person will love to experience. Beautiful and energetic. Lovely rides and arrangement. Note: Go weekends and wait for fireworks at closing time. The tickets are cheaper if you purchase from airport itself. The goodies are extremely expensive. Reserve the entire day for it.
This is our second visit at HK disney and the first one of our second child. From HK international airport we went there straight to the resort. I paid thru online so going into the hotel and resort was a breeze. No hassle at all. Important to know budget: 1. $100hkd for food per person per meal. The cafeteria in tomorrow land offers meals below $100. 2. Everything has a cost so better be careful on shopping because before you know it your whole budget is gone. 3. Caramel popcorn is at $42 and those lights cotton candy cost $55. Try one to experience but never over indulge! Overall its a magical trip! Great that the waiting time is on average 10 mins. The car ride in tomorrow land is at 45 mins wait time, either go early or wait it out.
We went to Hong Kong Disneyland on a rainy morning and was surprised to see few visitors! With only few visitors, lines were short (wait time of 5mins or less) and we were able to watch all major shows and ride on all major rides. Luckily for us, the rain stopped in the afternoon, which allowed us to see the parade and fireworks.
Awesome parade, castle lighting and rides for family and friends. I have never felt so delighted in such a very long time.
The hospitality of the cast was memorable. While small, we enjoyed walking around the park several times and were able to go on our favorite rides several times. Don't bother with a tour as it is easily accessible via MTR. We went during the week, that might have helped with crowds and we had a more relaxing experience then either Disneyland or Disney World Orlando. Selfie sticks are banned by the way. Mickey waffle has chocolate in one ear and syrup in the other :)
Was a very hot day, not enough shade, the lines weren't too long so that was a plus. We have been to LA so it was nice but hard to enjoy compared to LA. if you never been to the states do this one first as its much smaller and nice, but as my son said the LA is Bigger and better
My friend and I went to HK Disneyland for the day, she had never been. We were two grown women and we went on all the rides and had a blast. It is small enough to do in one day everything if you don't have long queues. The day we went was cold so the crowds weren't large and we didn't wait more than about 5 10 minutes for any ride and many rides we basically walked straight on. As expected the food and beverages are on the dear side but when you consider a full day out its not bad value. Buzz Lightyear ride our favourite : )
An excellent attraction in HK, its quite big and offers a wide choices of rides and shows. Especially good for children as the rides are not that scary and they can have fun on all the rides. Dont miss the fireworks and the parade at the end kf the day
I love the parade, i love the firework, i love everything about disney.The best place to take young children there because they're always amazed. It's so lovely to see them smile and laugh.Best way to get to HK Disneyland is by MTR. It has a special train decorated a la Disney, such as Mickey Mouse windows and handles.The jungle river is the best ride in HK Disney. I love it very much. Full of surprise though.
This is the best place in town for who wish to visit the dreamland with the reality of being a child's fantasies.Enjoy kids with various rides and attractions that also suitable for adults.I love this place for you can the personalities who places in our TV alive.
We went on a Wednesday and we really enjoyed ourselves. The queues were not long so we didn't have to wait that long to get on a ride. This time we stayed for the night parade which was so much better than the one in the afternoon and the fireworks were lovely too. Definitely worth going as they have rides for all ages and everyone can enjoy and have a good time. I would suggest going on a week day to avoid the long queues and crowds
As one would expect Disneyland immerses you in the magical world of Disney which we all know and love from our childhood. Although the park is clearly aimed at a younger audience it will still appeal to those who like to reminisce of their younger years. The Disney formula is consistent with other Disneyland parks around the world although the park is relatively small and can be covered in a few hours. As with all theme parks it is best to get in early as later in the day the queues for rides and attractions become increasingly longer.The thing I love about the Disney Parks is the attention to detail... every fitting and fixture is custom designed for the parks even down to the Mickey Mouse logos on the man hold covers.
Disney Hong Kong great for my 7 year old daughter. Smaller than Florida but still had Disney quality. Ques not as long due to rainy weather but we didn't mind. Staff friendly. Downside was the food. Yuk! Awful fast food. Didn't eat it.
My five year old daughter really enjoys HK Disneyland though we did not stay until firework display (because of the freezing cold weather). Happy smiles from the children going there is priceless.
My family (six adults) visited this in January 2016. We had a good day. We have visited this resort several times in the past, and it is still improving. The  small world  attraction was a highlight and was worth the entrance price alone. The queues were not too bad (we came on a Monday). However we were in the queue for the mining roller coaster was about 45 minutes. It is difficult to find any western food at the resort. Next time we visit this resort will bring a picnic lunch.
I've been to the Disneylands in Tokyo, California, France and Hong Kong. In terms of the grandness of the four, HK comes in last. In terms of queue time , shortest. In term of friendliness, bottom two. You don't really see the staff smiling here...to me, that is a pre requisite. It's Disneyland and staff are supposed to be warm and smiling and.... U get my drift. Lots of mainland Chinese who love to cut queue but there's nothing much u can do except to tell them off. Was also disappointed that the classic theme ' when you wish upon a star' was non existent at the entrance. That always prep my mood when I enter all Disneylands. Of all the castles, this one is the simplest and shortest as well.
Disneyland Hongkong is great for Kids (or Big Kids) but it lacks the roller coasters of other Disneylands that keep the adults entertained.  The Lion King show is a definate highlight.
Over all good value considering the rides, shows, parades and fireworks. However I found food prices and merchandise prices to be extortionate. How about 48USD for a cheeseburger, 2 sides of fries and 2 coffees!! Or $45USD for a child's hoody. Thankfully some items are worse than others so just be choosy and it's not too bad. The park itself is fantastic,having never been to a US Disney this was a great compromise for us.
It was cold when we went there so we enjoyed roaming around.  The rides are great and fun.  It was just sad that we were not able to see the parade and fireworks because it rained.    Will go back if we get the chance :)
We got to Disneyland quite late so didn't have enough time to do much but the 1 ride & 1 house we did go in were brilliant and the Parade was really good & we missed the out of this world firework display so were gutted until we return next time...
Thank God for Disneyland   and of course thank Walt Disney too.The tag    Happiest Place on Earth    can truly be experienced when visiting a Disneyland Park anywhere in the world.I happened to visit Hong Kong Disneyland Park last Saturday (Jan 30) with 3 of my friends.Since it   s a weekend, naturally the park is teeming with crowd a lot of them families with small children wearing cute Disney character costume.Queue to a ride can be up to over an hour so be prepared. They provide express pass at extra cost.Compared to other theme parks, we grew up with Disney. We know all the Disney characters so there is an acquired love to start with.And seeing some of these characters walking in the park makes you reminisce your childhood days.Most of the rides are really for children and not extreme but adults can still enjoy.The price of food and beverage is pricey (as expected with most theme parks). One set meal with burger, fries and drinks would cost around HKD 99 (approx THB 500) a meal with rice can cost around HKD 129 (approx THB 600) though the serving size is not big. There are variety of restaurants serving different kinds of menu to choose from.We were able to catch the parade in the afternoon and the new Paint the Night parade around 7:30pm. It was truly a magical night when all the characters paraded in colorful LED lights. Every one enjoyed (including me) and not only the kids. Just be there 10 15 minutes before the parade as it gets really crowded especially on a weekend and you may not land a good spot to have a good view of the parade.Be sure to stay until the fireworks (around 9:00 pm). Disneyland is accessible by MTR. For guests staying in any of the Disney Hotels, they offer free shuttle bus service until midnight from the park to the hotel and vice versa.
Journey to DL HK starts through a special MTR which takes you to DL island within HK. MTR itself prepares you for the exciting experience ahead. As you enter into DL you can experience various child friendly rides or take photos with various characters, go for relaxing but thrilling rides or at the end of the park go for even more thrilling rides such RC Car, Grizzly Gulch etc. wooohhhhh....its fun through the day but do not miss the carnival in the evening and and fire works at the end of the day.
Not so well organized and as fun as the ocean park, but nevertheless still a good experience for me. Kids will definitely enjoy at this place. Food and drinks are available, but price is at a very high side. Fireworks were awesome but not mind blowing.
When this park was first built, it was famous for being much smaller than any other Disneylands. I visited it before and again this trip. They have added many more attractions and it is now comparable to the other Disney Parks. Avoid weekends and Chinese holidays as it is terribly crowded with Mainland Chinese visitors.
Visited here with family and it was great fun! But since we visited in June, the heat was scorching and very tiring to stand in long queues for every ride. Each ride took us atleast 40 45 mins in queue and the ride was just for 10 mins, so plan your trip in off season! The rides were fun and DO NOT MISS the parade!There is a lot for older kids and adults too. Visit the roller coaster in the dark. Dont remember the name now.
My wife and I went to Disneyland on Thursday, January 28, 2016. The cost of the entrance is worth every penny. Even at the train station you can already feel the Disney ambience with the Mickey Mouse themed train. All the shows that we watched were amazing. Lion King, the musical play where I saw disney princesses like Elsa, Brave, & Rapunzel from tangled sing, It's a small world ride show. I loved the afternoon and evening parades, toy story land, grizzly ride, river ride, etc. The most spectacular among all was the fire works above the castle. It was really similar to the opening scene in every Disney movie. I could never imagine myself being there in person as it was only a dream when I was a child. Thank you Disney for bringing the characters to life and sharing this experience to us.
Stayed in Disney hotel during this trip as it's convenient for the family (with kids) rather than staying in the city.My daughter thoroughly enjoyed herself and went bonkers seeing the Disney princesses in real life and all her favorite cartoon character.The fireworks display in the evening was spectacular but do expect a huge crowd.I'll definitely return again when my son is older
This place was magical. Your kids will have a good time here. It was not big, quite small compare to other disneylands but it had enough things to keep you entertained. IWe could not find anything we didn't like during the time we spent in Hongkong DisneylandFireworks at night was spectacular
We pre bought our tickets on line so getting in was a little faster. It was a fine day and lots of people, had to line up for rides about 30 min. There was lots to see and do we were there from morning till night, Saw the fireworks, the train from Disney came regularly on closure of the park so there was no need to rush out.
We enjoyed our day here but I recommend that you take your family   great day for small children   they will have a ball.  We went as a couple and still enjoyed our time there.
Disneyland in Hong Kong is comparable to the one in Paris and has everything that a Disney fan seeks. The place is easily accessible via MTR and is a visual treat. The parade's are worth the wait and the fireworks at the end of the evening is also impressive. A good place to take your kids and also relive your childhood.
one of the best places i have ever been to in my life , the day i spent there was amazing and fun and i enjoyed every second of it , highly recommended if u ever go to hongkong , the staff over there are very nice too ! with lots of games and magnificent shows !
Visited on a Monday and spent the whole day here. There was a minimal crowd, place was small enough that we could walk around the entire park and many rides repeatedly. The longest Q was for the Autopia. It was a 30 minutes wait for our first ride during lunch hours. We came back in the evening, and there were no lines.Downside was that at least 2 of the F&B areas restaurants were closed.We also missed the new  Mickey and the Wondrous Book  show as we planned our trip using an outdated DisneyHK flyer picked up at the airport. So, best to download latest details from the website itself.
We had a great time there with our daughter. Good attractions and live shows. This park is not very huge so you can go everywhere in one day.
I'm a big fan of Disney and the visit to Disneyland is my dream. You get to take picture with the mascots and love shopping there!
The park is situated far away from the city, which is usual for such a big amusement park, however due to good transport system in place the travel time is not a problem in fact makes the excitement grow into your system. A bit disappointed with the main characters not being available for meet n greet through out the day. The parade and fire show makes it a memorable to finish the day at the park. The park has good food options with great rides and great park entertainments to keep you pumped up through out the day.
As you would expect there is not a leaf out of place everything is preened within an inch of it's life but a fantastic day, the tickets are pricey and take out a mortgage to buy a drink ($8.50 Australian 500ml in Australia 600 ml $3.00) and let's not even talk about the food and souvenirs prices.
This place is a complete package for family fun , not so much for thrill seekers(go to ocean park).  They have got some nice attractions for kids and young families.
Most of the rides were pretty usual rides found in most parks. Adults will find the park boring, the kids will like most of the rides.
I brought an 8 year old and a 16 year old, and both girls loved it.I was a little cold during the period we were there (Jan 21) but it was still pleasant. Loads of people poured out of the train as we went about 20 minutes before the park opened. Most people were already queuing in line, but as we had our  e tickets  from Klook, the instructions to find a  magic window  was incorrect. We simply had to queue with the rest, and the staff at the gate will convert the e ticket into a normal pass.The rides were simple and safe. Some rollercoasters were a little scary for the girls, but in the end, we went for a second round on the scariest we could find (RC Racer and Mine Cars at Grizzly Gulch).Food is available all around, but a little too much Asian cuisine for an American Theme Park. The merchandise was sufficiently varied, and the staff all put on a good show. We didn't get to see the parades (evening parade cancelled due to weather) but the Fireworks was worth the wait (With a mad dash for the trains the moment it ended).Overall, the queues were never very long (10mins at the most) with most clearing in a few minutes. It was worth a visit, but for my older boys, this would not have been a thrill for them.Tip: Go before 10, and stay until the fireworks appear
C'mon, almost everyone love to go to Disneyland and I am one of them! So, this is the first and still the only Disneyland I've been to, but I must say that I had so much fun!
yes it is a must do if your kid is There are many things to appreciate here.You will enjoy this place more if1) u come on weekday2) u arrive at opening time(10 11) by lunch time the crowd swells up & you will be waiting 40 50 mins per ride.3) the food & souvenirs are very very expensive so bring extra cash4) U can skip the parade. I wasted 1 hr for the parade which I could have used in tomorrowlandFor small kids bring your stroller or rent one.We travelled by mtr, & the ride was comfortable. Though we were tired changing our metro thrice from kowloon to Disneyland, it was 70% cheaper than a taxi. Look into the mtr website for more ways to travelTicket:i booked my ticket from klook app & got decent discount & paperless voucher. I was scared it might not work but it worked like a breeze.Best rides1) RC2) mine train3) space mountain4) dont miss the 3d presentation, it is beautiful5) mystic manor...i loved it , i loved it, I just loved itHave fun...
Disneyland has always been a dream & we finally got to see on our 10 Wedding Anniversary in Hong Kong with our 4 year old son. Coincidentally, Disney was also celebrating their 10th Anniversary   which we weren't aware of till we got there. It was a cold day & had mild showers in the morning so we initially thought it was gonna be not very pleasant experience but little did we know that Disney doesn't stop for any reason!! When we got to Disney it was beaming with people and they were selling raincoats, the rides, shows, parades, characters were all running on schedule & infact once the rains stopped the staff & helpers bent backwards to ensure it was dry & as lovely as always! Disney truly is a magical place!!!!
A useful day trip, especially for those with children. Great rides and 3d shows. Every Sunday, there's a parade with music. Close to the HK Airport.
Got my ticket thru hong kong disneyland website. It was 10% cheaper and includEd a food voucher worth 130 hk$. Spend my morning at citygate outlet for shopping and luunch which was cheaper and better. Proceeded to disneyland by 2pm. This time it was cold with Fewer people than usual. Went around main street then space mountain and buzz lightyear astroblaster. Proceeded to flight of fancy parade. Proceeded to Mickey and the Wondrous book, this is a new show. Festival of the lion king then Disney point the night parade where you see the characters in lighted custumes on lighted floats, very high tech. The night is capped by disney in the star fireworks at 8:15 pm, this is so far the best i have seen, that is more than 15 times in 10 years. Music is the same, but the fireworks had depth dimension, with gold stars streaming to the sky, it also added video projected on sleeping beaty castle that are sink to fireworks and music. It was WOW, as you can hear from the viewers. By the way, i travel via mrt, red tsuen wan line to lai king, transfer to tung chung line to sunny bay then to disney line, skipping the long long walk at the central station. I also used the one day pass, so that i can visit mong kok night market after disneyland and still use it the next day all within 24 hours. The cold weather made a lot of difference in the walk.
I am a Disney fan. Let me start by saying that! And I have been to all the parks except Tokyo (and soon to be built Shanghai). I am a HK local and LOVE this place. Please don't compare to other parks though or you may be disappointed. It is much much smaller than any other park. But if you let it stand on its own I think you will love it. There are some world exclusive rides   Mystic Manor and Big Grizzly Mountain   which are truly magical. Disney's attention to detail and ability to tell a story are not forgotten here.
A definite when visiting HongKong...magnificent and 10yr anniversary of true spectacular showing of the night parade and fireworks to finish the evening...maintains standard in disney to be proud of :)
We had planned the trip to Disneyland thinking that our kids will enjoy here,but we were happy to discover that even us (the ADULTS) enjoyed equally ,if not more!!We used the MTR to reach disneyland .We took a 2 day pass and on day 1 went there for half a day (after we did Ngong ping), and then on day 2 went for 1 full day. We had 2 kids (9 and 6) with us and we felt that 2whole days herewould have been better. Did lots of rides, visited all the sections but missed a few shows. My Girls loved Fantasyland the most, My fav was Adventureland and my husband liked tomorrowland the best. There is a place that serves ok indian food (few options ) inside... Tahitian terrace (not sure abt the name though).Saw a few shows, Lion king show was breathtaking.At the end of 2nd day, we were wanted a few more hrs!!
I've been to three Disney parks so far, in Orlando, Tokyo and Hong Kong. All are good in their own ways but I really loved Hong Kong Disneyland. I visited with some friends who had never been to a Disney park before and I think this one was a great introduction. It's definitely on the small side but the expansions recently added are fantastic and offer experiences you won't find anywhere else. We went on a weekday and it was super quiet and relaxed. The cast members were all so nice, constantly giving us stickers, and the attention to detail is definitely there. Mystic Manor was probably the highlight, with amazing effects that my friends loved. The Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars were also a hit, but try not to ride if it's raining heavily or you'll look like you've come off Splash Mountain! Toy Story Land was also fun but the rides have quite a low capacity and I think it would be good to have Toy Story Mania here as well. Adventureland definitely suffers without Pirates. Fantasyland was a lot of fun, my only criticism was that the Philharmagic film reel looked quite dated and in need of a clean. Tomorrowland's Space Mountain was a bit of a squeeze for the tall guys in our group, but it's a fun roller coaster that's more conventional and less  wild mouse  than the other parks. The Buzz Lightyear ride kept breaking down unfortunately, but Stitch Encounter was great fun. There were characters everywhere and the meet and greets were well organized, unlike in Japan. Food was expensive and a bit variable, but the Explorer's Club Restaurant was amazing. I think it might be closed on certain days though. The fireworks were really enjoyable and everyone in my group had a wonderful time. This is a fun, relaxed Disneyland that is definitely worth a visit now that the new expansions are open and I hope to visit again if they add more attractions!
I am a Disney Fanatic, I only have Japan left to visit and I will have been to all the parks currently in the world. Hong Kong Disneyland is small! You do not need long to do the park and therefore it is a weigh up as to whether you would like to get there when it opens and avoid all the queues, or go later and hang around for the fireworks. Hong Kong Disneyland does however have all the magic that a Disney park should have. The decor and atmosphere is great. Would definitely recommend a visit.
We have been to the Original Disneyland in LA and to Disney World parks in Orlando so this one was a bit of a let down as it was a lot smaller but still every bit as much Disney. What spoilt it for us was the cold weather and rain but the kids still enjoyed themselves. A lot quieter which was great, no horrendous lines like the other two parks. Food prices and souvenirs though were absolutely ridiculously expensive and although the other parks are pricey, they have nothing on Hong Kong, but then everything in HK is crazy expensive. Hardly saw any disney characters walking around like in the usual parks which was disappointing. Enjoyed the Toy Story land which was something new that we hadn't seen in the other parks. Very well done. The night parade was really great, but we were so cold it was hard to enjoy it.
My husband and I enjoyed HK Disney, but were surprised that there are only two high speed adult rides (and even those weren't that thrilling). Unless you are with kids, dont waste time standing in queues for Tomorrowland's go carts or Its a Small World. The parade was really great (it started at 3pm) and I loved the colourful Toy Story theme!!
I consider easy access to Disney as one of the perks we get for living in Lantau Island. The park is not big but that makes it easy for us to get around. I started bringing our now 22 month old daughter since she was 9 months and she loved it since then. Here are the attractions without height restrictions that my daughter enjoyed:FantasylandThis is the area most suitable for babies  toddlers. 1) Cinderella carousel2) Adventures of Winnie the Pooh (queues are always long so better get a fast pass)3) Mickey's Philharmagic Orchestra 4) Dumbo5) Mad hatter's tea cup6) Small WorldTomorrowland1) Buzz Lightyear Astro Blaster2) OrbitronAdventureland1) Jungle river cruise (some parts of the ride can be scary or too loud)2) watch the lion king show (amazing!)Mystic Point1) Mystic Manor (might scary for young children)Toy story Land1) slinky dogThere's an afternoon and night parade in mainstreet USA everyday.
My 4 and 7 year olds both had a blast at Disneyland hk. The park is so well maintained and most of the rides and attractions are good for both those age groups so both my kids thoroughly enjoyed themselves. Beware food, popcorn and ice cream are overpriced inside the park and food from outside is not allowed. But this was quite expected.
Disney land is a must visit for people of all ages as it will transport you back to your childhood. There is so much to do, so much to see. Best to keep two days for Disney. Long queues for the rides even on week days. Dont miss the parade.
There's a lot of people at the park and waiting time for rides can be quite Long. The park is not that huge and can be covered within a couple of hours.
Loved our visit to Disneyland Hong Kong. We were lucky enough to be chosen as the family to open the park and it 2as such a thrill. Meet and greet with Mickey, Minnie, Donald and Winnie. It was too rainy the day we went, so missed the princess meet and greet. I took other reviewers advice and we only bought tickets for 1 day and stayed in HK Island. Biggest regret, time over with a four year old in tow, I would stay at the resort, and buy a two day pass. We barely left Fantasyland, and the rain set in so had to leave. Its small but for a fi4st time visitor to the Disney parks it was great.
Overall the experience was great. Staff are courteous, although a bit rushed (but completely understandable due to the amount of people) Accommodating to visitors. Unfortunately I missed the fireworks and the parade because I was still inside the souvenir stores.
To visit disneyland you have to spare one full day to enjoy all the attraction and don't miss the parade and fireworks. Take weekdays visit not weekend.
We have three boys aged 10yrs and Twins aged 8yrs. I thought the older boy would find this place boring but just to see his face light up when we got on the Disney train was magical!! They absolutely loved it! The rides at tomorrow land was their favourite but a word of warning about one particular ride   SPACE MOUNTAIN   it is a roller coaster ride in the complete DARK   do not listen to staff who say it is not scarey   it is TERRIFYING and gave our kid nightmares. So be warned!!
I went without any children in a group of adults and teenagers   even tho the shows are terrific and organised very well, there is little to do for adults there except 2 3 big rides. In the typical disneyland way it gets full points, however u can give it a miss if you dont have children and are traveling with everyone above 14 yrs of age.
Located in Lantau Island, a dedicated Metro runs to reach Disneyland from SunnyBay station (located in the Lantau island line). When compared with Disneyland in the US, this is relatively small, but you can spend a whole day with full excitement. Enjoy all the rides, the mining ride is my favorite. Don't miss the great march at 3pm in the main street USA. Be early, buy tickets online with sites like KLOOK.com, it is cheaper and also makes you skip the long queues at entrance. Stay in Disneyland resort is also available.
First time going to disneyland, we went on monday but it was fully packed    taking an autopia ride took an hour to queue
I kept one day reserve for Disneyland.That was the only reason to have holiday to Hongkong. My dream is to visit all Disneyland in the world. I have Disneyland of florida USA 7 years ago. I must admit hongkong Disneyland is smaller than USA but equally amazing beautiful lovely place.Reaching to Disneyland is easy.There is seperate disneyland line in MTR.I enjoyed every moment.Lovely Castle.Enjoyed rides as well. Must visit. I will choose disney over Ocean park. Parade at 7 PM is must watch. Do not miss it.Go for it...Hongkong Rocks...
I managed to visit where it is not too crowded. Not too bad. Just sad that it was raining when I was there. Fireworks is a little different as compared to when I visited back in 2008.
Visited this place along with office colleagues. Worth visit with friends n family. Every ride in Disney land is worth to try. All kind of food option is available. One have to follow map direction for quick visit. Parade at night was also very beautiful. Over all it was nice place to spend whole day.
Hong Kong Disneyland lives up to its reputation. We have been to the original Disneyland in Florida and the one in LA but HK Disney has its own charms ... Don't miss it if you have young children.
Walked all the way to Mystic Manor and discovered is not available. Park shall have some sign board around the park to provide information on the availability and also waiting time for each ride.
A magical place for children. Visited in December but perhaps it's not the ideal time as the weather is challenging, was cold and raining as well. Best time is bet Oct or Nov. I also suggest to take the Disney train going to Disneyland rather than the Bus, children will enjoy it. Book your tickets online to avoid a long que and waste time. Better to go early so you would have enough time for the rides and visit the entire place. It's huge, 1 day would not be enough so If you can afford to stay at Disneyland hotel stay there for one day so u wouldn't rush to go back to your hotel.
This is not as big as Florida's, but Disneyland is Disneyland! Good for first timers, but if you've been to the other Disneyland parks you might want to skip this. One of the must go places if you're already in Hong Kong. Chose the time of the year carefully as some days are raining hard (specially December) and cold weather plus rain isn't the best combination, specially when you're in a theme park.
Visited Disney to watch my daughter who is Elsa in Mickeys Wonderous Book. What an amazing experience Disney is. The shows are nothing short of perfect with obvious time and expense to set them up. As you would expect the rest of the park is fabulous. The rides and attractions are incredible. The lines can be long at times but seem to move through reasonably fast. Don't just spend the afternoon, plan to make it a full day trip. Food is a bit expensive. Great day with or without kids.
Disneyland is one of those once in a lifetime experiences, and so we trudged three kids in tow (aged 8, 6 and under 1) to Hong Kong. We visited just after Christmas and the lines for rides were incredibly long. The kids loved the rollercoasters and the parade was amazing but the long queues made it a bit exhausting and we left the happiest place on earth, happy but a but underwhelmed.
Was nice to get a touch of Disney and it is traditional Disney feeling too.  Not as big as others in all ways (including the castle) but it gave us the touch of Disney we craved.
I went on a sunday, due to the low temperature, there wasnt much people.The rides are mostly empty and its boring, no trill rides, no roller coaster. Really a dreamland for the young amd young at heart. Every food and drink is double the price of whats sold outside.Toilets are clean
We spent the day here before flying out of Hong Kong in the evening and it worked very well since there is luggage storage at the gates.It's a smaller park than in the USA and can easily be done in a day. Long queues for the Autopia ride (who knew) but most of the thrilling rides we walked right onto.A really enjoyable day.
I have 2 girls & a boy. Brought them to HK Disneyland when they were 3, 5 & 7. They had loads of fun on most of the rides and enjoyed taking pictures with the Princesses and Disney characters they saw. Visited HK Disneyland again last Dec when they were 8, 10 & 12. The place is still the same in my memory, though with more lands added. However, with kids being much older now, the whole experience is way different. Having experienced rides in theme parks such as Universal Studios & Movie World etc, the kids find that Disneyland lack thrilling rides and are more suited for younger visitors. There were only 3 rides that were thrilling enough for them... Big Grizzly Mountain runaway mine cars, Space Mountain & RC Racer.  2 other rides were quite interesting though not thrilling.  Toy Soldier Parachute drop & Mystic Manor . The one definitely not worth queuing (for older kids)... Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh . We bought tickets online via Klook.com and got a much better rate than anywhere else. You can skip the long queue at the ticket counters and you don't even have to print the physical tickets out. Just use the QR code at the scanning machine on the right side of the ticket purchase queue and ask the staff for directions.
We visited at the Disneyland in the Christmas Eve and there wasn't long queues. This park is smaller than in Paris but it's ok and great place for the all, kids and adults.
Very good experiance. We want to go there again and again.  Disneyland is Like heaven for childrens..childrens are enjoying all of rides..  Specially new years carnival is superb.
magical in all sense.. loved the experience.. a childhood dream come true.. didn't want to come back!!  the stay at hollywood resort was wonderful.. the magic just continued..
We have not been to a Disney park in over ten years. This is a much smaller park, but it was fun to just stroll through the different sections, take in the shows, and experience the rides. It's not the latest and greatest amusement park, but you get to experience Disney, and the price was great.Easy access via the metro system. Purchased tickets and meal coupon online. Biggest disappointment was Small World closed until February. Lion King was a great show!
I was there in december 2015. What a good day. Felt like retuning back to my childish age. Love every single things. Must go when you decided holiday in HongKong
Renowned name but almost like an average amusement park to me.If they are famous for renowned cartoon characters, also they will be criticized for non systematic arrangement of rides and showing characters for photography with the visitors. All the characters are standing on their different points at the same time. How one person can take more than one photograph with the characters at the same time? They are standing on different places which are far one from another.Well appointed park.Nice parade on two times.But entry fees are too expensive.
Happiest Place on Earth. Fun day for all ages, it wasn't very busy when we visited not a lot of wait time. Fireworks were a great end to the night.
A must place to visit place while in Hong Kong specially if you are travelling with the whole family & kids. And do not forget to bring your camera to take memorable shots. As you enter the resort, you will find a very long queue to take shots with Mickey & Minnie mouse. We took a tram up to the carousel area where there's lesser crowd and started to walk from there. Disneyland as it is, a famous place on earth to go, you will expect a huge crowd. Do avoid weekends and start early   it opens at 10am. Do grab a map with you so that you can catch up on the hourly shows & locations. They have a special parade, happening around 3pm. Parade for all the Disney characters, opening act by Mickey  its a small world . Kids will surely love this show.
Parade, shows and Fireworks are amazing. We visited Disneyland on Jan1 2016 and had an amazing time in start of the new year. We managed to ride most of the attractions. Great place to visit.
its my second time to visit this park, but still never fails to amaze me. entrance fee at 539 hkd. 500 ml water at 28hkd. everythings too pricey though. if u get too tired to walk u can ride the train.
This is the must go theme park in Hong Kong. They have expanded since 2005, but you can still enjoy most of the rides in 1 day during the low season on a week day.TIPS: Try to go on a week day to avoid the crowd.The Disney theme starts on the MTR train before you even get there.
Me and my wife had a memorable start of the year time here! As expected, as it is a Holiday (Jan, 1 2016) the crowd was big. But after a good planning strategy, we've manage to visit (and ride!) all the attractions in a day! We're there from opening to closing..Photo selfie with the mascots..River Cruise is awesome. Tarzan tree house is cool! Lion King Festival is excellent. Day and Night Parades..Mystic Manor..too many to mention...Over all, it's truly will bring out a child in everyone!
Been here twice and I'm still hoping to go there again. My son truly loves this place and he's always asking me when will I bring him to HKDL. The park is small so one day should be enough if have no intention to take all the rides but if you are going with kids and would love to take photos with the Disney characters, it's better to visit the park on two days. Queuing for photo taking with the characters can take about 30 to 45 min depending on the crowd. Unfortunately, the website doesn't publish timings for all the Meet and Greet sessions but you can always ask the staff there. They would be glad to assist you.Food is very expensive in the park. A simple combo meal cost about HK$190 but you can always buy the 3 in1 Supreme Meal Coupon for HK$278. The meal coupon includes lunch, dinner and a snack. If you visit during winter, be prepared for rainy days. For Muslim travellers, there are two Halal restaurants in the park.
We went there with our 5 yr old daughter. She liked it so much. The staff were friendly and helpful. Don't miss the fireworks and Disney's Storybook Theater. It was entertaining.
One of the must go place in Hong Kong, Nice rides for Adults ,FOOD IS EXPENSIVE..........Kids were more thrilled and happy
One of the must to visit in Hong Kong. Disneyland is best for kids and kids a like. Me and my wife really enjoy all the rides. At first we though that the rides are boring and just for kids. But when we ride it was fun and exciting. I suggest to try all the rides as possible to get the full experience of Disney Land.
This Disney park is the least interesting of all Disneylands in the world, and also the smallest one. It caters only for the youngest ones, with almost no rides and thrills for older.  Far better option is the Ocean Park (see my review for it).
It's the happiest place on earth. Unfortunately because of the weather the cancel few events. The que was unbearable tho, may be because of the peak season. But hey it's Disneyland, need I say more?
Had a great time at the HK Disney. Although its supposed to be one of the smallest ones (compared to the other global Disney parks); its very well laid out.Given that we were visiting it with 2 children   we took a 2 day ticket. It turned out to be a very good investment as one day is not enough to do justice (and the two day ticket is quite reasonable) and the kids tend to get tired due to the long walks. Bought the tickets at Hong Kong MTR station. Another thing which worked for us, visited the park in 2nd half on both days (since most of the parades take place after 3 PM). Food and drinks not allowed inside (and its expensive inside); bags are checked at the entry gate.Once inside, its important to time yourself as different attractions close at different times. Get hold of the schedule and figure out the shows   parades   events and plan accordingly. Try to split stuff over 2 days to really enjoy yourself.Also, while the park closing is at 9 PM, they will start shutting down at 8 PM and post the fireworks at Disney castle (8:30 PM), they will just usher you out.The time between 6:30 to 7:45 is the best to catch a number of shows   attractions as the crowd moves to Disney Castle for fireworks and one can use that time to enjoy the almost non existent queues at other attractions. In fact post 7 PM, on a non local holiday, you can do the same rides over and over.
Smallest Disney park? No problem! You still have different lands, with fully immersive environments. There are plenty of rides and restaurants to give you a full, all day experience. Kids will love it, and it's easy to get to on the MTR. Everything about the day feels clean, organized, and entertaining. Long lines are usually snaked through buildings since it can get very hot in Hong Kong. They've thought of something for everyone, as you would expect. If you're on the fence about it, I guarantee you won't regret going.
A great day out, and really cheap for over 65s   less than   10.00! All the rides and characters associated with Disney, plus 30 minute long live musical shows, which change over time. The one I saw had elements of Frozen in, but had to rely on English subtitles to follow the story. Restaurants and street food available, but of Asian taste. Many ex pats took their own picnic. Large car park for which there is an additional charge, but we went by MTR.
The rides were mediocre at best and were not very thrilling, since the park caters mostly to young children. Food was grossly overpriced and the serving staff were not particularly friendly. Souvenirs were uninteresting and overpriced as well. The queues were long even though this was supposed to be the off peak season (I was there on 17 Dec). Basically I found the whole thing boring and overrated.Plus point was the parade and firework, which must have been fascinating to the kids. Decorations were very much Christmasy and the park provided many phototaking spots. I particularly liked the decorations on the Disneyland MTR. The staff were especially good at handling young children. A recommended place for family outings.Still, overpriced is the word. And I am no longer a kid, so maybe Disneyland just does not seem so magical anymore.
A very average Disney. This is our third visit and whilst incredibly convenient if you live in this region this is not a great Disney. It is quite small and overrun with rude tourists who have no manners. They push shove and cut lines which can become infuriating after awhile. The food is also abominable. We were there for 5 days and on the last day we really couldn't face eating more slop. All that said our 4 year old still loves it. Disney is Disney. But I doubt we will be back. The Disney is Japan is incomparably better.
My wife had never been to a Disney park, and I hadn't been since I was 6. We were living near this one, and decided to go with a friend and her 4 year old. I can't compare to other Disney parks, but it was much better than most amusement parks I've been to. Obviously, the little one wanted to see all of the characters, but I was amazed at how sweet and kind the characters were, especially Ariel and Elsa. We rode a few rides, including the Jungle Cruise and Space Mountain. The little one did not like either (too scary), but my wife and I enjoyed both. (However, I think someone might want to update Jungle Cruise somehow, because there was some seriously racist stuff in there. Also, the  dime store Indian  on Main Street was also racist.) After Space Mountain, i thought nothing would be able to top it. However, then we saw the final parade and the fireworks. I'm not big on either parades or fireworks, but these were amazing. The parade featured characters in amazing get ups, as well as dancing, lights, and music. The fireworks we done to Disney and Chinese music, and included scenes displayed on Cinderella's castle. My wife and I were holding each other during it, and it really was (as much as I hate to use the word) magical.Food was eh, but service every single place was outstanding. We plan on going again before leaving the area.
Hong Kong Disneyland  did not disappoint. Spent new years eve (my birthday) there and it was an exceptional experience.
We went here on November 2015... it's our 3rd time. as usual, we enjoyed all the rides, the queue time is not very long.. average 20mins or so...we love the Grizzly gulch roller coaster... my 8 years old daughter really enjoy it and for the 2 days, we took that ride for so many times again and again...we enjoyed the Mickey and the Wondrous Book show... (although I am personally actually prefer the  Golden Mickey Show ....)...the Parade was lovely as usual... now they have the  Disney Paint the night parade .. it's nice too..this place is always a happy place and we always have a great time, will definitely make the time to come here every time we visit hong kong..!next year probably they already have the new ride (iron man)...
We had a full day at Disneyland from opening until 7.30pm you need to do this so you are able to see the street parades the evening one is spectacular with all of the lighting. The various rides and attractions were enjoyed by all these are included in your entry fee, as is The Lion King show which is very worth seeing, everything else in there is expensive including the food outlets they are not the best. All in all a great family day out.
Still an amazing place even though I can not enjoy all the attraction, there is a parade on certain time. Shopping here quite expensive and the food is decent.
We had a great fun visiting the Hong Kong Disneyland on January 14, 2016 (Thursday) while being in Hong Kong for a day between connecting flights from Russia to Australia. The weather was perfect, not too cold, not too hot. There were not many people that day at all, the longest we had to wait for a ride was 20 minutes, and many had no waiting time at all, or only 5 minutes. Best rides that we enjoyed the most were Space Mountain (went three times) and Mystique Manor (went two times). For both of those there were no waiting times. Had great fun. Caught taxi both ways from and to the international airport. It was a good option for us as there were three of us and we were charged $130HK on the way to Disneyland and $100HK on the way back. The ride took about twenty minutes. So all up, it was a great way to break up a very long journey home from visiting family in Russia.
We decided to go on 2 Jan which was a Saturday due to rainy weather predicted for rest of the week. Got tickets from CTS office day before which was discounted. Got to Disneyland before 10 am, opening time. As soon as we were allowed in, we went to fetch the fast pass for Space Mountain and then proceeded straight to the grizzly gultch roller coaster and then to mystic manor ride. Due to getting there early, there were no queues for these 2 rides. We then proceeded to the parachute ride, and U rides which the kids enjoyed and then in time for Space mountain roller coaster which was very enjoyable. It's a Small World ride was also very enjoyable. Shows not to be missed where Mickeys philamagic show, lion king and mickey story book show. Lines for these are quite long so try and get there early. The river boat ride was also very enjoyable. The parades were quite nice but viewing was difficult due to the crowds. Food was overpriced and bad. Overall a fun filled day with the family.
Disneyland Hong Kong is still amazing eventhough not as big as Disneyland Paris or Tokyo. I had a great time everytime I at Disneyland. For those who visit Hong Kong, please visit Disneyland as well especially family with kids. Try not to miss their shows especially Lion King.
Good fun but it is a small Disney park, we had most rides done in a day, the lines were not big and the staff were friendly. Food and drink over priced but that's what you expect
My family (2 adults, 2 kids and baby) had a two day pass and we used our time as best as we could. We were staying at Disneyland Hotel so we took he shuttle bus to the park each day and used the hotel entrance line which was quick and easy. Highlight for me was the Lion King show, do not miss! Quite a few ride options for our 12 year old and 9 year old. Plenty of places to eat and grab snacks. Queues were orderly, although long at times. Fireworks were lovely. Had a great couple of days!
Disneyland is well away from the busy streets of Hong Kong & Victoria Island but can be easily visited using their efficient MTR.A day tour around the park gave us a change to try some of the rides, watched a 4D show. And witness their afternoon and evening parade. As well as a 30 minute fireworks display.Some of the rides aren't for the faint of heart (like me), while my friends are taking on extreme rides I decided to just explore every nooks and crannies around and took photos. Sitting under a tree while listening to It's a Small World After all, with birds nibbling around was enjoyable and relaxing as well. One of the best place to visit in Hong Kong but it would be best to visit in a cooler climate, between November to January, as the Sun can be scorching hot.FYI Selfie Pod Stick not allowed.
It is very clean, well maintained and not too crowded. The parade is exceptional and my kid (and I) loves it. You can save some money by buying your entry & meal ticket online at discounted price.I wish there are more rides available for kids aged 5 & under. One of the attractions is under maintenance. I only took photos with Mickey, Minnie and Donald. Can't spot Pluto and Goofy at all.
We had a memorable outing at Hong Kong Disneyland on 30 11 2015. Though it was a Monday, the crowd was still quite big. Long queues for rides, shows and even at the restaurant. To top it all, the weather was so hot. But the show Lion King was a marvelous snippet of the actual musical that no one should miss. We enjoyed the day parade so much that we decided to stay for the night parade. The singing, the ever changing lightings, the cartoon characters in beautiful shiny costumes and of courses the fireworks that mark the finale of the show is a real WOW!! This is a Finland that truly bring out a child in you no matter how old you are.
This is the second time we've been to the Disneyland in Hong Kong. The first time was 2 years ago. Since then we've been to the Tokyo Disneyland. In comparison, the Hong Kong Disneyland is small and somewhat limited. Food option are less exciting and rides and attractions are smaller and less in quantity. Merchandise were expensive (as expected) but also limited compared to Tokyo's one. This time round, there were less people so it was at least more enjoyable.  Disney Paint the Night  was my personal favourite. Fireworks is at 9pm which is rather late but if you are on holidays you can perhaps afford to allow the children to stay up late. Don't try to prepare your day by using any information they provide online because the online information is just not up to date. A bit frustrating to have planned our day according to their information just to find that the plan was not going to be helpful. We recommend if you wish to stay for the fireworks to arrive just before noon so you have enough energy by the time the fireworks start. If you intend to go to Ocean Park and Disneyland, there are some discount for purchasing both park tickets if you hold a foreign passport. It worked out to be a saving of $99 HKD for adult and $59 HKD for child
It's for young families  it's tired meaning a small world was closed for our visit it's not friendly at all found the model of Disneyland has not kept up at all
We took the MTR Disneyland Express to Disneyland.  A train that is themed for Disneyland.  Fun for kids of all ages.  Has all the rides the every Disneyland has.  We enjoyed our day.
My girlfriend and I visited HK Disneyland during our trip in Hong Kong.She abolutely loved this day. We took lots of different rides and visited many theme houses. The park is well organised and clean.   The show in the evening is very romantic and wonderful,we really enjoyed it.   Definately a must go when visiting Hong Kong!
As my tile says, nothing beats Orlando, this is totally a trip worth it for families with small children and Not with teenagers
What a fantastic day we had! This was my third Disneyland visit (after Anaheim and Orlando) but probably my favourite! It is a smaller park but no less magical. We went during the week and the wait for rides was next to nothing! Fur characters and classic rides like the teacups and carousel seem to be more a favourite with locals as these attractions had the longest wait times. There were 2 parades with the night one being the most spectacular. Fireworks were also very impressive with the story displayed on the castle. Only two rides have Fastpass, space mountain and a pooh bear ride. I bought our tickets beforehand on klook which I highly recommend doing because we were able to go right up to the turnstile and they were cheaper. We also bought food vouchers on klook which gave us lunch, dinner and a snack. We stayed at Disney the whole day and were able to do most rides, see both parades, fireworks and all the characters we wanted to. If you wanted to do everything plus the two stage shows I would think you would need a two day ticket. I would go back in a second! Have fun!!
We went to Disneyland on Christmas so the queue to take a game quite long, I think Disneyland more suitable for young kids and seniors, they provide stroller and wheelchair for senior, the theme park is small I think 1 day pass enough to see all the theme park in normal day.
January is cold in this part of the country, which can be also an advantage as you walk the whole day to the park & conclude it at night with the fireworks at castle. Better book early if you want to stay in their hotels, it easily get full specially during this season. The place offers lots of of interest point for all ages (as long as you fit to walk) and it even have some free drinking fountain in some points.
No matter if you've never been to Disney or you've been to every park around the world, Disney always finds a way to make you have a magical visit!I've been to Disney World more times than I can count, and to Tokyo Disney, and I was so happy to come. Although it's the smallest park, they have special shows not found in other parks and unique twists on some of the classic rides. (I'm not spoiling anything for you!) You have more than enough to do in one day. Disney always delivers quality rides, entertainment, food, and customer service. I also enjoyed trying new Asian foods and snacks at this park. Thanks for making another special Disney memory for us!
Coincidently this year is the 10th anniversary of HK Disneyland. It was too crowded but luckily we were able to enjoy the Parades and fireworks.
The entrance fee was a bit expensive. Should have purchased the cheap tickets online from the travelling agency before to avoid queuing in front of the ticket selling counter. Crowds were everywhere but the experience was indeed magical. Especially love the rides.
very disapionting unfriendy staff ,take pics of you even askif its free them say yes yes inend you find out you need topayanyway wait wait everywhere about 60 min to go withyour child inside some disney atraction .nobody care you or your child cold faces no kindniss buttomline disney verydisapionting
We had a two day ticket for Disneyland Hong Kong, but probably could've left it at one day. The park wasn't as big as we had expected. However, it was a quiet day with a little bit of rain, so, we may have just been lucky that we got around all of the attractions and rides easily. We didn't wait any longer than five minutes for anything.
We were there in november. The weather at this time of the year is good for such trips. T shirts and light trousers   no rain and not much sun!  Easy to find .
Cant go wrong with Disneyland if you're traveling with kids. My son loved Toy Storyland so much we almost spent our entire day there. Got my discounted tickets from Klook and it was so easy to redeem from the automated machines. The only downside is that food inside is expensive but so so. Still, it was a happy visit for our family :)
Very nice experience in diseyland. But tgere was a problem with respect to the waiting time. There are long queues in Disney land you have to wait for your time. Too crowded to get your chance at the destination.
This park is quite small compared to Anaheim. Go early as we had a maximum wait of 10 mins for space mountain and walked onto most other rides until about 12.30pm. Lines still weren't massive after this. We went Wednesday.Still has the disneyland feel but don't expect to spend all day there. Good for younger children or if you have a day to kill. Took a cab for convenience $180hkd one way.
Make sure you have sufficient time in your hand (atleast 2 days), specially if you are travelling with kids. Adult people can have few attractions along with rides also and most importantly don't miss the Roadshows and Fireworks in the evening.
I have had the chance to go to a few Disney Park in the US and in France. I have to say the HK one is extremely disappointing. I would not recommend it if not for families with very young children.
Great for families....and my wife who always goes crazy when she is here :) The shops are a definite must visit to take away a little something for your memory
Funny, friendly atmosphere, suitable for both adults and children. On visiting there, you should enjoy Disney show, watch 3D movies, easpecially play the game call   Moutain Space  . The rest games is very simple, you will get bored easily
It's their 10th year and there were more  civilized  visitors now in %. Shorter wait in line, better food, just brings me back and with my 4th annual pass. In general, regardless of size, it's more like its glorious days (1 3 yr) and attractions are more LA like now.
The happiest place on earth ! Smaller than other Disney Lands but it's always great fun ! I love the Lion King show and the parades . The night parade is always popular. Bring a padlock for your pushchair though !
This was my second visit to Disney's theme parks this year, first one was EuroDisney Paris... By comparison, HK park is smaller, but, in my opinion, better managed and provides much better value for money. In Paris, waiting time for most attractions was well over an hour, sometimes closer to 1.5 hours, while here it was about 30 minutes and even less for almost any ride. Park itself was clean and inviting, food prices are comparable with it's European counterpart, but food quality, in my opinion, was much better in HK.  MTR line for Disneyland has special wagons with windows shaped as Micky Mouse head, this is also the outline of handles inside. Popular Disney characters are on display inside the wagons.  We had a great time and would gladly come back given the opportunity.
We agreed to meet our family in Hongkong Disneyland. The place is clean, with nice people, bathrooms are clean. Utilities will clean after you just in cass you make a mess or something. The area is not so big compared to other theme parks I've been to. One day is enough. When we went there it was Christmas time so they had tree lighting with Disney Frozen as the theme. My kids were thrilled when they saw Elsa. So magical they even installed a faux snow but it looks real enough to make kids and adults ecstatic. The parade are well prepared. Not too crowded and lines for rides are not that crazy. It's fun.
Had a very wonderful visit at the Disneyland here in Hong Kong. My only complain is the distance it is from the city. It takes a while to get there using the train with many train switches. It's not too big but it offers many rides. The rides are not as fun as other recreational parks, but hey I am spoiled from Australia's Dreamworld. Take your kids here, they'll love you for it and have a wonderful time.
Beautiful, clean, and filled with adventure attractions as only Disney can do. Lots to see in this immaculate park.  Stay at the Disneyland Hotel and get all the benefits of being nearby.
Had a ball. Definitely need two days to experience this place. The staff can't do enough to help you. Very clean. Shows are amazing, especially the night parade. Expensive,  but to be expected.  Fun for all ages.
Good place to bring children for quality time, fun and enjoyment. Rides and attractions were great for kids. Food have improved compare to earlier years.
This park had it all to give us another taste of Disney. Our last Disney trip was 30 years ago in LA and the fun started once again. We now have the Disney bug and will head for Japan to experience it again on our next tripDont wait, let the kid out in you once again in the clean organised Hong Kong fun park. We went during the week and had enough time in one day to see it all with the longest wait only 10 minutes
This was my 5 yo's highlight of her summer holidays in Hong Kong. We spent a good whole day there, 11am   6pm. Exhausted by the end but well worth it. Lost my 3 yo 3 times that day because there were a lot of people but luckily found! Bought my online tickets online as my parents were HK residents and got a little discount. Got the wrong tickets but  guest relations  refunded me when I got there so was very happy. Food was yummy although we ate at 2pm so skipped the crowds.
My friends and I did not stay for the fireworks, nor did we took all the rides in the amusement park. But, we enjoyed ourselves a lot too! There are so many souvenirs you can buy in the shops! Avoid the holidays so that you will not have to queue too long for the rides.
I don't think you could ever get tired of going to Disneyland. We went for the Christmas atmosphere and wasn't disappointed the tree and decorations were lovely.
Probably the smallest disneyland park, however, it is still a Disneyland, a place with full of fun and joy. The rides and attractions offered quite adequate. Few recommended rides attractions   Mystic Manor Ride (see the picture on the wall change 'mysteriously'), Big Grizzly Mountain Mine Car (experience riding roller coster backward), Jungle River Cruise (more enjoyable cruising at night). Overall the attractions here more for kids and perhaps younger teenage, and definitely for the whole family to have fun together.The crowd may be a lot (as mentioned by some reviewers), same as any other theme parks. But we went there in Jun, and on weekday, the crowd almost minimal, and there was almost no queue to ride the attractions.One interesting about Disneyland HK, probably the only few theme park in the world, that offered a restaurant with halal certified. Muslims visitors could have a halal meal at 2 restaurant in the park   Tahitian Terrace in Adventureland (try rice noodle soup) and Explorer's Club Restaurant in Mystic Point (delicious Nasi Goreng). However, as expected, the meal is quite costly.
I had reached that part of the holiday where you had seen everything and need to anxiety to find something to do creeps in. Decided to go to Disneyland to waste some time. Went on a weekday where it was raining in the morning. Crowds initially were very minimal (I arrived at 12pm) but as the day progressed as the prospect of rain decreased, crowds started to appear. I used my hotel's 'Handy' phone to purchase discounted tickets which allowed me to bypass the ticket waiting queue and enter straight into the park after scanning my prepurchased ticket. It was nice to see the park had expanded since i last went and my favourite two chicken and chips still available. However coffee from the mobile kiosk outside the main castle tasted horrible! Fortunately, I did not see an PRC antics of pushing in (contrary to what other tripadvisor reviewers had experienced) but that could be because lines were pretty short. The night parade was unfortunately cancelled due to the rain that had swept through and hour before the parade was to start, and consequently made the decision to go home before the fireworks :(
What can be said about Disneyland which has not been said already. It makes even adults want to be kids again and enjoy their fantasies they had while growing up. The grand entrance to the place, The special train with open bogeys, the rides, the parade with their signature characters, fireworks all makes it a great place to take kids. It is however smaller version of the one they have in the US and can be completed in a day. Even then it is a must go and get lost in a fantasyland.Tips for Indian Vegetarians: They serve Indian Vegetarian food in Tahitian terrace in Disneyland.
smaller in comparison to ocean park. personally speaking its more for kids below 10 12 but i may be wrong. go early. buy tickets well in advance. buying from klook is an option. be ready to walk a lot. food inside is expensive.
They have added more rides and attractions,in the 10 years they have been open. It is much cleaner than Disneyland in Los Angeles, and also a more affordable vacation option for Asians,Indians,Australians, Pacific Islanders,and everyone else in the region.
Most of the attractions here are for kids (which I am not), so I spent most of the time walking around looking for something fun to do. I eventually settled on a good restaurant. What I did enjoy were the shows and parade of disney characters, otherwise I would highly recommend it to anyone with kids.
We had perfect visit here, the sun was shining and the temperature was just perfect. I have had people tell me that Hong Kong Disney is not as big or good as the other Disney's around the world. Well I have not visited any of those so I can't compare, but we thoroughly enjoyed our day and would say also its not  just for kids  it for big kids too , like me!!. People who say its just for kids must be too scared to try the thrill rides, and so they didn't get the full benefit. The thrill rides are scream worthy!! and well worth it. Just seeing the young children enjoying themselves is nice too. If you are thinking of going , I would say GO!! but go early before the crowds, and for the adults just let yourself go and enjoy being a kid again. its a great stress reliever. I would definitely visit again. PS.. you need a full day here.
As always Disney is a great hit with children and adults alike the parad is great and a fun day Mtr 1 change then on to Disney train  Great day out
Beautiful place to visit and enjoy. Queues for rides are horrendous due to Christmas period.Fireworks displays superb. The parades are very entertaining. Food are good and reasonable priced.Tons of merchandise to purchase with reasonable pricing.Friendly ground staffs and entertaining characters around the park.
My wife is a Disney addict and I like a bit of Mickey Mouse myself even though we are in our fifties. We enjoyed HK Disneyland four years ago and probably liked it even more this time. We saw the day time big parade and the evening light imbued parade, both were great. We did the new Grisley Gulch mountain ride which I found terrifying. My wife was a legend at the Buzz Light year shoot out ride   have a go, it is fun. The food in the Hawaiian eatery was quite reasonable but the Main St Cafe was very ordinary. It is great to see how much the Asian culture gets into Disney, middle aged men sang the old M I C K E Y theme as the parades were conducted. It is a lovely day out with no adult themes, violence or unpleasant themes which plague so much of our entertainment these days.
This is the smallest of the Disney parks   I  ve been to them all. It is friendly   unlike Tokyo   but too small to give you the genuine Disneyland experience. Worth a visit if you are travelling with small kids.
My 2.5yo daughter and I absolutely loved it. She's not old enough to do a lot of rides so what we were able to do there was quite good for her age already.Would love to go back just to take photos with the princesses and see the parade and fireworks which unfortunately we missed out on. The parade was cancelled due to poor weather, and consequently the 7.30pm fireworks as well. My kids couldn't stay up till the 9pm ones so we went back to the hotel and called it a day.
It's not only for kids adults can also enjoy this amazing magical place full of happiness, it is now the 10 anniversary and the celebrations are more special attended the parade and it was wonderful loved everything in this world
Well we went here in december, so the weather was great and the air cool.One thing it is very easy to get here and the transport experience has been pretty good.We went here with 3 kids and 7 adults (plenty of adults to take care of them haha). Kids were very excited. I feel the rides are pretty average, but the shows are awesome. I really enjoyed Lion King especially Scar part :). The interactive Stick show was quite fun as the kids can take part of it too. the 4D show with Donald Duck fantasia thing was great and funny too.Unfortunately food as we all expect are expensive and sucks... so nothing much to write about the food,Fireworks at the end of the night was a great way to end the night. After the fireworks we all went to the shops to buy last minute gift and there are fake snows falling... we all noticed that the snow kinda stink.. so i though Elsa must've farted somewhere.Overall it was good and the shows literally are the highlight of the experience.
New areas added fm my last visit   toy story land, mystic point, and grizzly gulch. Added rides were great BUT do not pass on the shows! Particularly lion king and the storybook theater! Storybook theater effects were magical. Makes it worth every buck you spent! Try not to miss out on fireworks too.
If you have never b sen before in one of Disney Park maybe this is a one day experience to be ok but if you have visited other Disney Park you will be disappointed. It is a nice place to spend a couple of hours if you have very young kids other than that I would highly recommend not to go instead go to Ocean Park.
It's really funny and unexpected. I'm afraid of roller coaster but the big grizzly mountain roller coaster was really excited and made me so happy. Fast and goes backward, that's all. Yes, this ride goes backward, please well prepared! The most exciting part will be happened at the last round, very very fast!
Magical places for imagination. 1 day is not enough. You probably need at least 2 days to explore and enjoy everything. Join activity with your kids. The late activity was superb. kids love the parade and the main attraction for us is the fireworks, full of colors and imagination. Excellent !!!!
The place is meant to enthrall the infants, they may like it, but for the older guys who have seen a bit of places, it does not inspire the ideas so much. Expectations were huge considering the publicity and the price, but at the end of the day you may feel exhausted. The night parade is a good thing not to miss. Otherwise the rides are cheap!
Bought cheaper tickets (HK$439) at Grayline counter located at Admiralty MTR. Counter opens 9am daily.   Don't miss the afternoon parade at 3pm. Loads of carnival atmosphere, lots to see and kids really enjoyed themselves.
Disneyland HK is truly a magical place to be. If you are a hardcore Disney fan you will simply love it. However please make sure you wear comfortable clothes and shoes when you are there as it was quite hot and humid in September when we visited it. Make sure you are there on time in the morning so that you can cover the whole park. Also the fireworks at closure are a MUST see. Please don't miss it!
Ok experience. Very expensive.  Probably worth going elsewhere.   Have been to most other Disneyland and this seems very expensive.
Since we had 11 days in Hong Kong, we decided to include Hong Kong Disney on our itinerary. Taking the MTR to the Disney stop was really cool for the train from the MTR had Mickey Mouse Ear windows a start for what was to become on our day. Admission is comparable to the US but I got in for HK$100 as a senior. Main Street brought back my days growing up at Disneyland and then DIsney World with my children. The park is fairly small and we walked back and forth quite a few time. The parade was quite colorful and extremely crowded. This was a most enjoyable day.
We went to Disneyland during our 10 day stay in Hong Kong. The day started out cool and cloudy but after some rain it was an amazing clear blue sky which made the night parade even more spectacular.Our day was chosen after the schools went back so there weren't big crowds and this made it very easy to move around. The shows that were included in the price were amazing especially The Lion King. So make a point of choosing your shows and move around the themed areas accordingly.I would highly recommend it for all ages, and go on some rides too!
I am a 44yr old woman with two teenager kids but I feel I am a little girl inside whenever I see Disneyland or hear about it .it was my 4th visit to hongkong Disneyland and I yearn for more .i literally transform into a kid when I reach at the entrance of the gate.go for the rides,museums inside or walk on the streets it's magic magic magic all the way!maddening crowds,small kids ,elderlies,young men,women who us not there.Go grab a ticket to the magic land!They have fantasyland,adventure land ,tomorrow land,mystic land,wonderland ,us main street etc.etc.if you cover 1 4th of the plCe fully you are a winner because after walking to this huge property you feel tired so go for the food every land has it's own set of restaurants and cafes although high prove for everything is guaranteed.but to have fun and magic under one roof you have to pay a handsome price.i loved it's a small wonder,mystic ride ,miners and grizzly bears' ride,mickey's philanthropic orchestra and many more rides and covered almost half of the Disneyland Hk this time and hurrah!!my kids missed a dumbo ride but I did it ho ho ho ho!!please see at least one of the Disneyland and you will cherish it all your life!!and say:ILOVED DISNEY!!
My first visit to a Disney Park and that too without my kid. We bumped into Disneyland while returning from Pnong Ping and decided to give it a go. Starting from the Disney Station, the amazing experience began which ended with the beautiful sound and light show in the evening, something i missed in a later visit to Disneyland Paris. Must go with kids.
Bring out the child in you & live in the fantasy land with all the Disney charters, rides for all ages, but when traveling with kids, bear in mind that there is lots of walking in the park so a stroller could be very helpful!!! Best time to travel would be the winters.
We visited HK Disneyland with our 4 years old girl. She abolutely loved this day. We took lot of different rides and visited many theme houses. The park is well organised and clean.Be aware that there are quite a lot of standing in the lines. The food in the restaurants is poor quality   dont expect anything too tasty. Definately a must go when visiting Hong Kong! Specially with children.
I love Disney! Hong Kong Disney does a wonderful job recreating the theme park from the states. It is smaller than the California park and wayyyyyy smaller than the Florida park but you still feel like your in the happiest place on earth. They have similar rides and fan favorites like Space mountain. If you use Klook, you can purchase tickets cheaper, we got ours for 60USD instead of 70. The best time to go is during the middle of the week, when there are less crowds. PS: You MUST see the Lion King show, it's fantastic!!
Not as large as Disney in LA, but a great Disneyland. As you would expect, perfectly clean and well maintained. We only purchased a day pass and felt that was enough, we were there from 10AM opening until 3PM, and left without feeling we had missed put on anything. The lines were an average wait time of 60Mins when we left, we could not face that long in the line! (but you expect lines at Disney, I wish it was not that way!). Good day out for the kids.
I don't know if i were to say this..there a lots of prc at hk disneyland..although they contribute most of the attraction economy in hk i feel it a need to educate them how to queue up and not just to rush on everything..btw the place is good..
Second time here in a year but it still amazing.  The shows were spectacular and the performers really had a great feel of the characters. Very commercialised but that's what funds the experience:)
Although it's not our first time in Disneyland, it is our first Christmas there. It was so crowded, it was raining and it was very cold. But nonetheless, it was a happy experience for me and my 2 girls. There were a lot to do and a lot to see. You'll just have to be patient to wait in long queues to be able to watch shows, have pictures with your favorite Disney characters, get on rides, buy souvenirs and eat your lunch and dinner on the different restaurants. The place was lovely during the night because it was all lit up especially the giant Christmas tree and the entire Main street. There were new attractions, too.We like the Mystic Manor a lot and the Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Cars To enjoy the place, you'll have to start early but you'll end up late in the evening due to the fireworks which end the entire experience. It was all worth it.Tip : If you hate the crowd, don't go there during Christmas and more so during the Chinese New Year.
I have visited Disney World Orlando, Disneyland LA, Disneyland Tokyo, and now Disneyland Hong Kong. They are all top quality entertainment and although Disneyland Hong Kong does not have as much to offer as Disney World Orlando, it is still worth the visit. I recommend a minimum of 2 days.
I went with my children here   a 4 year old and 6 year old. They were both able to sit in a vast majority of rides. Also, the park was large enough to provide several different attractions, and small enough where the kids were tired only at the very end of the day.Here is what I would recommend:1. Try going during the later months. It's cooler then, and so it's easier to walk through the park2. Chalk out your plan3. Go to the furthest part of the park first, and then work your way back to the entry4. We bought tickets from a website that is not DisneyLand. They were about 10% cheaper. Klook.comThere is a variety of food available   including surprisingly Indian food.
We had a 2 day ticket. It rained the first day. We didnt realise this was actually a blessing as we managed to do most rides at least twice (although we were soaked)...with minimal waiting and even managed to fit in the lion king show which was really worthwhile. The second day was sunny however there were lines miles long everywhere....took us an hr to get into the park at opening time...line waiting times were upto an hr on autopia, space mountain,river safari etc.....we didnt enjoy the second day at all and in fact left the park doing only 5 rides. (We went on a Wednesday and Thursday). We have taken the kids to anaheim and yes that is bigger, but kids enjoyed themselves here just as much.
Fantastic place for children and adults together. One full day is not sufficient to enjoy all the attractions. Close encounter with Disney characters was wonderful.
I'm very surprised the place was so crowded. Full of china people, especially from the countryside. They are damn rude, no manner and damn inconsiderate.....  The staffs there can't control the crowd, many tried to cut queue..
Even though I went here mainly to take my partner I fell in love with the Disney Spirit.This place was magical, staff and cast were great and loved every part of the Park. Great range of food, souvenirs and attractions. One con though was goft shop not open long enough after fireworks.Loved the Mickey Philbar Magic and the Jungle Book ride our boat driver host was awesome and really got into it.Thanks for a great day and now also being broke. Lol
This was my kids first overseas holiday and what a great experience. There arent much queues and its not as packed as the one in the USA. So it was such a delightful experience.
Chances are that you will have to go the Disneyland irrespective of what I say because your little ones don't believe in reviews from Internet but at least this review will help you prepare better for whats in store for you.Getting There   Best way is through MTR. Take the Tung Chung Line and get down at Sunny Bay station and from there take the dedicated Disneyworld train which runs every 10 minutes or so. Get there early. Because almost for all the rides you will have to wait in queue lasting anything between 20 minutes to 90 minutes. Sad part is except for Space Mountain and Mine train rest are lame even for kids as old as 8 years. Do take the river raft in adventure land, the lion king life show and the Astrobuzz ride. Its a fun experience for kids and adults alike. Rent a stroller because the kids will get tired after some time. You can rent them just after entering on left side of the main square at the fire station at 100 HKD for the day with an additional 100 HKD refundable security deposit. Do get in front of castle by 8:15 to 8:30 PM to see the fireworks scheduled at 9 PM everyday. A good idea will be to get food as take out and then eat while waiting for the show to begin.PhotoOps with characters   A must have for the kids. The challenge is that the queues for it are very long. A recommendation will be to skip Mickey & Minnie in begining and cover them in afternoon because that's where the biggest queue is.
Was a great winters day in Hong Kong on xmas eve. We did not wait long for a ride and stayed until the end for the fireworks which was a bit of a letdown but other than that a great day was jad by all
Took my daughter here for her 13th birthday. Got a 2 day pass and loved every minute of it.First day we read the bus thing wrong and only had 4 hours, wasn't enough. But we knew we had a 2 day pass so no matter. 2nd day we had 10 hours, too much. But as I said a 2 day pass was plenty, one day would of been huge.We enjoyed everything about it, the rides, the staff, the characters, the facilities, the food, the shopping, oh and more shopping. Our 2 favourites where Mystic Manor ride and the buzz shooting game. They where fun without scare factor, the buzz ride scared me though as the walkway moved and my mum fell after loosing her balance. They shut the ride down immediately to assist her to her feet and ensure she was ok. That was the scariest thing all day, but the staff where exceptional with her. (Mum 71)One back on her feet she shot everything that moved and had a great time.We loved the way the park was set out and the worlds still flowed. We loved the parade at 3pm it was fun and loud and awesome. From what I have been told this is one of the smallest disneylands but it's size didn't matter the fun factor was massive. Disney is Disney big or small it makes you smile. I have no other Disney to compare too but I loved everything about this Disney. I can imagine in peak season it would be packed so now January their winter is a great time to go. It was 22 degrees not packed and a pleasant day   days.Best theme park I ha e been to so far ever. Can't wait to see the USA ones if this is the small version. Perfect day out no matter what age 13, 45 & 71 we loved it.
Soooo much area to be saturated. You must be in your good walking condition to explore the whole area and good camera to catch the best shot. You should have a plan of what to visit first. Due to crowded people and with long queue of getting pass we weren't able to visit some areas so planning is really needed. You should also bring food so as to minimize from buying expensive yet delicious food. I want to be back with my family and saturated some of the areas I missed.
I was having a really good time here on 24th December; it slightly too sunny for a winter but much better than cold raining day, the park was not as crowded as I expected so I did not queue for too long. My favorite should be the Grizzly Mine Cars since I was afraid of extreme roller coaster, this amount of speed just right for me. The big no no for me is RC Racer where you will be swing like a U shape with a high speed; you should try if you really like extreme attractions.
It was a wonderful time for my children.  We spent 2 days in the park,  so we not rushing and take our time to explore.  The food was expensive.    Transport is efficient and fireworks are good.
please please go on your own by mtr ...its so convenient...try n reach by 9  9.30 am....take your children for an awesome experience of their lifetime....carry water with u ...foood n drinks are pretty expensive inside...but a guaranteed money back ..satisfactory experience
My flatmate and travel buddy was the one insisting we should visit this place when we planned our Hong Kong getaway. I was hesitant really, thinking it's just a waste of time and money. But I was mistaken! I really had fun the moment we entered the gates. The familiar sound of the music of Disney will greet you and you would see Mickey surfing the makeshift wave of a fountain. As you walk deeper and deeper into this wonderland of childhood fantasies and delight, I realized the child in me is still alive. It's worth it.  Downside, you cannot bring food inside and the stuff they are selling are too expensive. If it's worth mentioning, I turned dark here more than I did in the beach. Bring umbrella because the summer sun ba very harsh.
Great must visit place for any person going to Hong Kong and having the time too go.  Very crowded but still worth the trouble   rides are amazing!
We are a family of 5, 2 Adults & 3 Children 6,8,10. We spent the day here on weds 25th Nov as we had 17hours until our connecting flight. We Had a brilliant day, children absolutely loved it. Would advise you to take a lot of cash as credit cards are not accepted all around the park. Very expensive for merchandise and food. We have been to Paris & Florida Disneyland. This is a great park but a lot smaller and a lot less princesses and characters walking around than the other parks. Parade and shows good but not a patch on the other parks.All in all we had a great day here and the children throughly enjoyed it! We caught a taxi from Hong Kong airport to Disneyland it was apx 10min journey and apx $25 AUD.
what can i say more about disneyland? its awesome!  very family friendly with baby room, many restaurants and halal one as well.
We went with our son daughter in law and 4 year old grand daughter to Disneyland Hong Kong and loved every moment. The place is so clean and the people so polite and very helpful. The rides were for all ages. We have also been to Disneyland Paris a few times and also Disneyland in America 3 times. So we have a bit of experience of other Disneyparks. We stayed right to the end of the night and watched the fireworks which were magnificent. We all really loved the day.
A day is never enough in Disneyland Parks. Children loved itFavorites were grizzly gulch. Space mountain. Rc racer. Mystic manor and philhar magic. A 4 star rating is given instead of 5 is because the prices of food inside is ridiculously high. 25hkd for a corn on the cob22hkd for a fish cake125hkd for ramen125hkd for 1 pc of mickeys head sushi ???Hello. Hello. I think needs looking into. Another point i would like to highlight are the mainlanders from china1. They are rude2. They try to cut lines and i have to use a little strong arm to put them in order3. One family brings their own lunch of duck and chicken and started eating them with just ordering 1 pcs of fish n chips to get a table. Pieces of bones were just thrown into the floor and in our horror, the grand pa remove his clothing and sat down bare chested. I could not accept this and report this to the restaurant keeper. They got a good scolding and then left the premises with a very2 dusgruntled faceI think disney should look into this matter seriously. The train to and fro was excellent. Fireworks great. Parade excellent.
We went to disney land hong kong in December 22nd .. It opens at 10:30. Despite we arrived early (10:15am) we found hundred of people taking the queues.. I finally got my tickets after 45mn... Inside the resort, sooooo many people was there as it was holidays.. We had to wait a minimum of 40 45mn for each attraction even to get a photo with minnie and companies...this make us upset...I think, it is much better to visit the place out of holidays period to really enjoy everything
Tho it's the smallest disneyland from the other countries, but it is still fun cause it's disneyland. Lion King show is surely a must watch attraction and also the 4D attraction and the space mountain are AWESOME !
One of the must go place in Hong Kong, specially when you travel with family. Need one full day trip if during the high seasons.
Cost me around $360 New Zealand dollars to get me, my wife and two kids in. Once inside you don't pay extra for rides, but food and drink is jacked up terribly so I advise bring in your own snack and drinks in a backpack. My favorite rides were the Grizzly Gulch roller coaster, Space Mountain roller coaster (which is dark), the jungle river cruise (loved this but my daughter was scared), Mickeys Philhar Magic Show and the Mystic Manor. All in all was a very fun day, albeit a little expensive. Also saw Star Wars storm troopers walking around, which was a personal highlight.
It was a wonderful experience for my daughter! She loved the rides. The queues for rides were not terribly long but those for picture taking was. Food was pricey as to be expected from a theme park.
I've been to this place numerous times and it always bring out the child in me. Altho smaller compared to other disneylands, still enjoyed from morning til fireworks closing. Got to catch your favorite disney characters parading in the afternoon and evening. Very clean, orderly, a number of food and restaurants to choose from. It is always a happy day (til night) at HK Disneyland, especially if you are with family and friends.
Very well organized and managed. Wait can be long, so one should reach early and preferably on week day. Saw mini version of Lion King, animated shows, colourful parade, fireworks at night were spectacular. Food is easily available. Outside food is not allowed.
Very long lines for very short so so rides. Not all rides have FastPass. Never really got to use as smaller rides did not have. Food can be improved...so bad. Staff are not as enthusiastic as in the U.S. Although my 5 year old likes Ocean Park better, both our kids enjoyed HK Disneyland nonetheless. And honestly, that's all that matters. The magic is there.
Disneyland is targeted towards youbg families...  Im a little jaded perhaps as its basically a large shopping mall....    Transport is efficient and the shows are very good.  Nightly fireworks are good..
I visited with the family this time. Had a great time. One day is not enough to cover all the attractions. Excellent & committed staff. Had do spend more time on long ques. But they do not have an option to minimize it.
A great way to bond with family and friends. Make sure to wear comfortable clothes and if possible bring extras. I feel quite bad for those kids wearing princess costumes,they may be nice to look at but imagine how uncomfy that would be. nevertheless, it's the best for the young and the young at heart. :)
Amazing Experience   we visited on Christmas eveWe witnessed the Tree Lighting Ceremony, the Magical Disney Parade and Fireworks DisplayQuite busy during that time   i would suggest 2 days during if you are visiting over Christmas The queues to get on to the rides were quite long   you could be waiting in line from 45 to 50 mins at a time   so if you want to get the most during that time   2 days a must and perhaps staying at the park might be an option tooTry to get a photo pass so you can capture all of the best memories of your visit there   we regretted not doing thatlots of eating places and rest roomsUnforgettable Experience for us all
Awesome place, is a paradise for small kids. I saw them having a blast here. Its an amazing experience seeing cartoon characters come to life. I have admired disney cartoon throughout my childhood, felt amazing walking among them here. Disney metro station was relly nostalgic !!. Amazing ambience, the royal waltz track keeps on playing which gives you a good vibe the entire time you are here. The disney toon parade is something you should not miss if you are planning to visit this place after evening. All the characters come to life in a parade of lights sound and dance. Feels amazing. Food is okayish, but a bit pricey here, very less on a Indian and vegetarian main course. There are places where you can buy Disney memorabilia and jewellery. There was this place called  Tomorrowland  based on the novel and the movie, which was good. Most amazing were the fireworks and the Pyro. Must see place if you have kids, and A disney fan.
This was fantastic. We spent the entire day there and still did not get to do everything we wanted. There was anything from a 30min to 1 hour wait on rides.Unfortunately the 2 rides I wanted to go on (The train and electric car) we couldn't find! It could do with some extra signs to help you find where you need to go.
The Hong Kong Disneyland is small but easily go to all the places within short distance. The facilities are good and well managed, clean even though there are a lots of visitors. Won't be too tired if taking elderly there, the park has wheelchairs for borrowing and some games have disabled facilitated.Food at the restaurants are multinationals, there is also a proper sit in Chinese restaurant inside the park.Very close to the city, can reach the park within 45 minutes.
Last time I had bad experience here coz hot weather with long queue. This time I chose a weekday before Christmas.I arrived there in afternoon. Since I went with small children,I didn't have many choices of rides. I played just 5 rides in 5 hours there. However, we enjoyed the show so much. I love Lion King show.It is a must.The parades were amazing especially night parade.Frozen show in evening had nothing except Let it go song and fake snow. However, children love it.The fireworks were fantastic as Disney standard.Children love it here and we will definitely comeback here again (in winter)
nice park especially with small children, clean easy to access and a pleasant day out, not great for teens, alot of rides for young children
I spent my holiday in hk disneyland and i really love it  I have so much fun in there and i tried some dessert like mickey waffle,mickey jelly n mickey cheese cake..  They are so cute
Visited without my children as it was on our way to the Big Buddha and the cable cars at the time were closed, hence we stopped off at Disneyland instead. The parade was great and the rides for smaller kids were good, I know that if my children had been with me they would have been disappointed with the lack of larger, thrilling rides (eldest is 13) and to be honest the amount of rides in general were not very many. I did feel that there were too many shopping and buying experiences as opposed to rides and adventures   indeed compared with Universal Studios in Singapore, thee is absolutely no comparison at all! Nice to have been, but a slight disappointment given that it's Disneyland!
It's a full time freak out place for all age groups Do little bit of study before you land so that you can enjoy more in less span of timeFASTPASS is recommended to save timeDo watch parade specially in evening and watch the fireworks Indian platter in TAHITIAN restaurant inAdventureland is goodRiver cruise in adventure land is very good
Spending Christmas at Disneyland HK was a good experience for kids. The weather is cool and most of the rides were in operations hence the kids had a great time. One should consider buying tickets online to avoid the queue and to get discounts too. We got out ticket at Klook for only 449HKD the tickets at that time is 539HKD. If you are staying on a hostel ask your host for discounted tickets most hostels offer this. The only downside of our visit is the long queue on each ride some took 40 minutes while some are quite fast. As to most theme parks food can be expensive. It's good that bringing food inside is not strictly prohibited in Disney HK. I suggest you bring your own water. Water inside the park is 28HKD which you typically buy 5HKD at 7 11.We super enjoyed the fireworks staged at 9pm. It was truly a magical experience : ) my kids were amazed with the display.
Not much changes apart from my 1st visit there 8 yrs back. Think only the merchandise are new with some new addition like the Frozen stuff which was pretty popular during my 2nd visit there. Same senario that you have to queue for each and every ride. Money worthwhile when my 2 kids enjoyed.
It's a wonderland with warm service and unlimited fun. Too crowded on weekends ,but it's fun in a group too. Loved the lion king and fireworks
Wow! It was an experience. The shows were good   the scale of the Simba show was majestic   the use of music, dances etc. was awesome. The parades (afternoon & evening) were just fantastic and the fireworks awesome!! This was our first trip to Disneyland and it was worth it. They have made every effort to make it the happiest place on earth   right from the entrance until exit!! Highly recommended!!!
My Family had a great time in HK Disneyland. Despite the very long lines and waitng times ( usually 45 to 60 minutes ) in all the rides, my children enjoyed it very much specially my youngest daughter. We tried to see as many shows as we could but the time of the shows were not printed on the maps they gave us at the entrance gate. So you have to go to the venue itself to get the time of the show and that's very tiring !  Buy your tickets for Disneyland at your hotel. There is a very long line to buy tickets at the entrance gate ! Even if you bought your tickets online, you still have to line up to exchange your vouchers to park tickets !
Small park compared to US parks or even Paris. Yet it's great if you have small children. The theme hotel is also great place to stay & worth the money with plenty of activities for the kids & the chance to meet their favorite characters over breakfast & dinner. Recommended
We come during holiday season so very packed and long queue almost in every attractionWe quite have fun and ride almost all attractionTime square is very important especially when we need take picture with my son favourite disney character, when is parade time and last but not least fire worksThere are plenty shuttle bus to resort hotel where we stay (especially during peak before park open and a while after firework finish). This is a good pointFood very expensive and taste not very nice. Except the popcorn we like it so much Souvenir also very priceyService staff very friendly to the kids and professional in general (especially in safety aspects)
It's clearly for babies. The rides are so junky and getting old. The shows are not as good as they used to be. Period. The end.
The rides are good but my 9 year old boy enjoyed only a couple. Disney could do better with food by adding lot more in local cuisine. Getting to Disney is easy and best in HK. Iron man ride coming up which should be added attraction for boys. The evening parade is electrifying!
First of all, please be advised that I'm not a really thriller seeker type of person and therefore, I only took ride that will not cause my adrenaline boost to the max :D.. I visited the HK Disneyland on 17 Dec 2015 and I have to say this is the first time in my life that I really thought that Disneyland entrance ticket is very cheap. There was no queuing (max 10 mins) so that my family could finished each attracting within 8 hours.. It might be caused by the fact that 17 Dec 2015 is quite cold and I believe the school in HK was not (yet) in holiday season.. While HK Disneyland is relatively small (new attraction: Iron Man is currently built and expected to be completed sometime in 2016), but my family really loves the merchandise sold in the stores. In our opinion, it is much nicer compare to the goods sold in Japan Disneyland (depend on your preference). Last but not least, the restaurant inside the theme park is relatively reasonable (in price) and good (in taste)..
We had a good time at hk Disneyland, smaller than the original with fewer attractions,  but it's well maintained and not terribly crowded
Probably smallest of the parks.  Only a half day event so if you go, Lantau is a good option for the second half of your day.  Ocean Park was better!
It is awesome. But pls. don't come here during weekends. There is a long queue in all the rides and it's a waste of time. When it's your turn, it seems only a minute and it's all done. Better to come on a weekday.
Disneyland never fails to make one feel young again. And for kids, it really is a heaven. My favorite ride is the space mountain. Don't forget to wait for the fireworks at night.
We had a great time at this park. The weather was great and the lines were minimal. We were able to ride each of the rides several times. It was very easy walking around and we were able to find many kid friendly places to eat. It didn't seem quite as big as Disneyland in CA, but it was perfect for my kids (ages 6, 8, 10).
Well maintained and definitely family friendly, its a great wonderland for children. There's a Frozen Christmas Tree light up by Ana & Elsa at 6.35pm if your kid is a fan of Frozen. The Paint the Night Parade at 7.35pm is also a colourful display of lighted carriages not to be missed! Unlike Disneyland Japan, the rides in this wonderland may not be exciting enough for adults looking for a thrill as this park is mainly built for children. We took abt a day & a half to explore the park and yet it is not enough to cover everything there. The queues are long and the rides only last a minute. Fast pass is only offered on two rides at Space Mountain & Winnie the Pooh Adventures. Our favourites are the U racer & the Mystic Manor ride. At night, the park becomes romantic with Main Street USA lit up. Do go to the park after breakfast as most of the restaurants in the park only open at 12pm except for the bakery where you can grab bread & coffee on the go unless you could find a seat at the outdoor parlour.
this place is wonderful, we having such a wonderful times in this place, the staffs all nice, the place and the toilets all clean, it's wonderful, and it also funny to see the stormtroppers from star wars
Great little Disney park, our preschoolers loved it. Plenty of the big name rides along with some original ones  Toy Story land was a huge hit for us. Lines get long fast, but a rainy Sunday morning was our best day  no wait for anything!! Get there as it opens (10AM) for no wait on your favorite rides. MTR is easiest and inexpensive to get there.
Disney place is dream for all children. Nice and beautiful place like we live in cartoon world. It is recommend to visit from 10 am until 9 pm due to many attractions. Consinder and manage ur visit to all attractions according hourly schedule based on disney brochure. You need to get fit enough if you visit during summer because too humid. Disney olace is huge theme park. December is best time to visit due cold season.The location can be reached by MTR Hong Kong from any line. If money not big issue, it is better stay in Disney Resort and you will get many prioritizes than normal visitor. Enjoy!
The disneyland in HK is relatively small compared to other Disney parks. But it still has awesome rides like the space mountain. Didnt spend the whole day here as my sist wasnt feeling well. But overall Disney is never boring! I had always love Disney since I was young til now!
Went on Christmas Day.  Huge crowd.  All attractions were 45mins or more wait.  Prices on food were quite high...  Not many cast members around to help with directions, etc..  Good for family groups on non peak periods.
Kids love it, but its hell expensive...everything   food, tickets, memorabilia, shopping...imagine a simple t shirt for HKD350!!  The rides and attractions are great, and staff is courteous. But they desperately need better restaurants ...one of their restaurant served soggy horrible burgers for HKD100.
I had 4 days to spend in HK and really wished that I hadn't wasted a whole day in Disneyland. Even thought I had my 6 year old with me, it just wasn't big or interesting enough to have spent a whole day here. Now, I've been to Orlando a few times so my expectation was high   but if you've got nothing to compare to, then it might be ok. There were no characters to be seen. The food was also terrible   I had the worse hot dog and hamburger in my life here in Disneyland HK.
Went to Disneyland Hong Kong for the 2nd time this year as requested by my daughter. We went there Dec. 30, and as expected, guests were more than the usual but nevertheless, it was still a fun filled experience. We waited for the Paint the night Parade and it was all worth the wait :) The Christmas Tree Lighting was also a must see thought it was like a 15 min show. We weren't able to watch the Mickey Mouse Book Story show due to technical problems. Over all, this visit will surely go to our memory bank :)
It was a nice place to reminisce childhood favorite characters such as Mickey, Minnie, Goofy, Donald Duck etc. Queues to take photo with these characters were exceptionally long. They also followed strictly on time table which means they are not there all day long for photo taking. Not recommended for those bringing infant like us. Best suits children aged 3 & above.
if it is the first time you going to Disneyland park, then it would be great experience. But if you already experience other Disneyland park, such as Tokyo Disneyland or Disney Sea, like it or not you will comparing ... and HK Disney would be just OK to spend a day.
When my sister and myself travelled to Hong Kong, the attraction at the top of her list was Disney Land. We are both adults and to be honest I could not think of anything worse. That   s where the negativity ended. Despite being a 32 yo male who likes heavy metal and nothing to do with Disney fantasy I had an absolute ball. I loved every moment of it and would definitely go back if the opportunity was there. Whilst there is a lot of rides and attractions that are targeted towards younger kids there is still plenty to do for adults to have fun. My favourite three rides were (In order).1. Space Mountain (Tomorrow Land)     I reckon we went on this ride about 20 times over the two days2. Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars     (Grizzly Gulch)     Lots of fun, try to sit as close to the front as you can.3. Mystic ManorWe had a two day pass and found that was just about perfect to see the entire park. We found during the day there was 30 60 minute wait on some of the more popular rides (we were visiting on a public holiday apparently). What we recommend doing is see as much as you can see during the day on the first day and then view the fireworks show on the first night. Then again during the second day see the remainder of the park you didn't manage to see on the first day   night. Then on the second night, go on all of the rides you want to revisit or that were too busy during the day. Whilst most people will be queuing up to see the fireworks display the remainder of the park is very very empty with no waits on any of the rides.
A refreshing place to have fun with family. This is not a very big place, but one day trip will not be enough during high season, as you need to wait for average of 60 90 minutes for each attraction.
So since Disney HK I've been to Fiji and NZ but I still find all my Disney emotions as if I had gone there yesterday. As two 26 yr olds childless I did feel slightly immature queuing with hundred of very very excited little people but once I entered the park I felt like a little person too.I can not emphasise enough how much fun we had, how amazing the parades were and the shows and the fireworks in the late evening. Even the MRT is all Disney themed. The food was reasonably priced to our surprise, although the quality was not great. We did notice hundreds of people who took there own food and drink with them. We got tickets online so once we arrived we got in to the park so quickly. It was a magical day.
The place is not too big, set up by cluster such as for adventure, mistic, fantasy land and girl stuff, tomorrow land ( more for outer space experience) but quite compact for family activities from relax and easy until the roller coaster stuff!!!!!! In average all queue take an hour, but worth to queue. Not to mention the parade on the afternoon and night... Its nice for kids.And the last attraction of firework are really great !!!!!!The place is also easy to reach using MTR or bus.
Visited the theme park for a full day in December, the cleanliness and staff knowledge was fantastic. The crowds were maintained! The shows were amazing. Lion King was my favorite! Food was fine. Atmosphere is magic! Highly recommend a day at Hong Kong Disney. However take some spare cash way to many souvenirs to pick from. I had to take home a theme park Pandora, very special.
the disney land is good, but a little kiddish to my taste. the USA disneyland is much much better. if you want to tick mark one more attraction at hong kong then do it, but not worth it really i must say.
What a great park, not too crowded and since it is smaller than disney in anaheim the walks are shorter and easier with the little ones. there are also no chokepoints which is nice and while it does not have some of the traditional rides (pirates, Mansion) it has some unique ones which are just as good. definitely worth a trip if in hong kong.
Highly overpriced and a longish train ride from the main islands I expected a bit more from Disneyland considering the exorbitant price. You are not allowed to take any food in and the price of their food and drink is just ridiculous. 30HKD for a coke???. I suggest a big breakfast and eat again only after leaving the park.But having said that they spared no expense in making this as enjoyable for kids as possible. Shows throughout the day, parades and a fireworks display to close the night off. Management of queues at rides are good and waiting times were average in most rides and very short at some. Although the park is huge, it does have a train running on the perimeter to help and the walking is not too bad. Some of the rides are quite unique. There isn't too much for adrenalin junkies but there are some fast rides. They also seem to be continuously adding attractions as 2 things were under construction while we were there. Try and be quick and go to the shortest queues first as there is alot to try and finish in a day. An idea is to try and go to the long queue rides while the parade is on so you can save time (but miss the parade obviously)
if you think that you should visit Disneyland only if you are accompanied with kids... then you are WRONG !this theme park is offering hundred's of attraction for every age group. It's becoming expensive one as charges for a adult is 538 HKD. Park is offering the hotels but that too little expensive.
One of the best things you can do with kids in Hong Kong. Splendid location in a wonderful park on Lantau Island, closed to the airport. It has grown in size overtime, and the inclusion of Toy Story Land is a big plus. One suggestion I have for the Management: tell tour Hong Kong staff to smile more, as in all Disneyland parks around the world.
In comparison to paris disneyland, this park is much smaller and so over crowded, I think management should consider either minimizing number of entries per day, or since it is so successful maybe build an another park just like paris, we didn't enjoy our selves as much as we did in paris.
Disneyland. I always feel like like a child. Great surroundings, fun ride and actions. It will always had a place in my heart
Took 2 day pass anticipating long queues at every ride. Shows are amazing, Paint the night and firecrackers shows are must see. Wait time was too long like 60 mts for many rides, holiday season crowd every where. Got Indian vegetarian food @ restaurant in adventure land, only option for vegetarians. Suggest to go with online ticket option to beat the queues and plan to enter the park early by 10 to 10.30am.
We got the train in early so went straight in at ten. The queues were better than expected and for the first couple of hours we didn't wait longer than five or ten minutes. Only a few bigger rides, but a nice enjoyable day out. Perfect for the younger kids. We really enjoyed the parade and the sun shone all day.
Disney land is good for a fun day out. The rides were pretty cool, and the food was good, although a bit expensive. There are big queues for the rides near the entrance, so we started at the back of the park. It's quite small compared to the other ones, but still good. The park is clean and well looked after, and easy to go there by tube. Went there about tem, and left at four, it gets very crowded at three.
Fell short of expectations, kids did not even enjoy, the pipe in music all over the resort got to ones nerves. Over priced food and limited selection. Might be worth a quick visit with I small kids but that is all in our opinion. Have been there twice since they opened but same verdict.
I thought Disneyland has same standard all over the world. I found bubble gum on the floor which is pretty disgusting.
I don't have anything to say anymore. This place is awesome. I suggest that visit disneyland once after you have lunch outside of disneyland. There was 2 main reason:1. The food inside of disneyland, price too high and the taste just standard. 2. If you got to disneyland too early in the morning (let say 10 or 11am) you will end up go out from disney at 5 (because of tired walking around). You will miss the best part of disneyland at night. 7 pm parade and firework at 9 (make sure you don't miss this 2 shows)Hope you like my suggestion and enjoy disneyland.
Went there on Xmas day, and we started at 10am when the park opened. For the first two hours, we could ride 3 4 rides without much queuing5 10min wait only. The massive crowd comes only abt 12pm with the tour groups. And the queues wil take 50 60mim wait on average. So be warned, reach there at 10 to get the most out of the rides. The parades, the Simba Lion show are not to be missed! They are building a new Ironman attraction ride there and wil be ready by end 2016.
One of the main attractions in Hong Kong. A must see for those with or without kids. Expect long ques during peak season.
Spent a whole day there. Easy to reach by subway. Love the parade. It was fun and entertaining. The firework off course was amazing. Had lunch at Tahitian palace. Good was nice. We enjoyed ourselves very much
With 5 children, Disneyland always seemed that little bit too far to reach, however with the introduction of Disneyland's in Asia, we set our sites on living our dream! Already lovers of Hong Kong, Disneyland on Lantau Island was our pick and from the very start at the Disney theme train ride from Hong Kong City, we were living the dream! How exciting to be escorted in such style, and the entire park was a hit! So much to see and do, we highly recommend the two day pass and the fast passes for those rides you desperately don't want to miss. Toy Story land was a massive hit with all our kids, as was everything else we saw! We adventured for 14 hours straight and the excitement kept the energy levels up! Tarzan Island was also a favourite, as well as It's a Small World! Parade was fantastic, fireworks a dream and we weren't disappointed with the prices of the food or entry either! Highly Recommend this park, not too over whelming and not too small!
Great place to spend the day with family and friends, there is something for the entire family, from the tiny tots to the naughty ones and the teenagers as well as for adults. We liked Tomorrowland where we went on a rollercoaster ride hurtling through space in absolute darkness with sudden twists and turns and enjoyed it thoroughly. We went on another roller coaster on runaway mine cars which packed in a lot adrenalin and definitely not for the faint hearted. We went on an exciting jungle river cruise and then on a slow ride through fantasy land. In between we met all of our favourite Disney characters.
It's probably more a personal preference here but visiting the Disneyland has always been my dream since childhood. the HK Disneyland surely didn't disappointed me. heaps of fun stuffs going on, nice food (although a bit pricey, not ridiculously though), and easy to walk around. Staffs are friendly and energetic. A bit disappointed that the firework at night was cancelled due to weather but I guess that's not really anyone's fault. Will def. go back next time around!
I have just spent the day with my family at HK Disneyland, and my overall impression of the place was average. I was staying in Hong Kong for a few days, and deliberately delayed my visit to Disneyland till the Monday to avoid the crowds. However, that didn't seem to help much.Having visited Universal Studios Singapore a few times, I would say that Disneyland Hong Kong is not as good. Universal sells a Fastpass which allows you to skip the queues on all the rides for an additional fee, however, the Disney Fastpass is only available for 2 rides, and works somewhat differently.The average wait time per attraction was 40 60 mins, and the park seemed to be bursting at the seams. Waiting 1 hour with 2 small kids for a 3 minute ride is not fun. The park itself is not massive and can be easily completed in one day. The food at the park is very expensive and the quality is not great. Hong Kong Disneyland is one of those theme parks that you will visit once on a holiday to Hong Kong, but it's not one of those places you would return to in a hurry.
The pictures taken do not suggest it was a dissapponting and exhausting experience overall. I appreciate one could be very patient to show kids this attraction, but spending 40 50 minutes in average to attend any of those is too much, given their  fastrack  system didn't work for some reason. Nearly 300 euro for 2 days tickets (2 adults   2 kids), far too much for this doubtful  enjoyment  in my view.
Even though it was raining the entire day and we were wet pretty much throughout we thoroughly enjoyed the experience. A bonus to the rain was that there were no queues anywhere so we could go on all the rides as often as we wanted unfortunately the parade was cancelled and I doubt they could have the fireworks but those aren't needed for a fun day out. It's a beautiful park and it was made especially magical because of the Christmas decorations. Unfortunately the food was overpriced and not great but it was still so much fun I didn't really care.
Me and My Husband Loved Disney Land. The Spectacular Parades and Shows during Christmas time was the best ever. The Whole Park was decorated for Christmas . The fireworks and shows were themed by the 10th Anniversary Park Celebration,One day is enough to cover the park , if you come early and plan your day well.Elsa & Anna Lit the Center Christmas Tree after a mini performance.Loved it. Will Come Back someday when i have kids  3
WE did enjoy this place. Very nice for kids. they are all happy with mickey and minnie mouse. GO DISNEY!!!! IT IS A MUST
This Disneyland is tiny but perfect for young children. Not too crowded compared to Tokyo. Had a nice visit there in Dec 2015.
We bought a 2 day pass for all members through klook. Getting in was slow due to the crowds but park personnel did their best to expedite matters. For me and my wife, this was our second trip here, the first before we got married. Noticed a few changes; Disney characters are now mainly located along main St USA while the characters in fantasyland are getting lesser (the booths that use to house mickey, Minnie, donald, daisy, Pluto, goofy, pooh). The park has expanded to include toy story land which is welcomed. But now, covering the park in 1 day is no longer enjoyable. Thankfully we got 2 days pass. Lol.
We travelled to Disneyland Hong Kong feeling a little like we were too old for this sort of thing, but the minute you set foot on the Disneyland train and then hear the music, you are hooked. We had a two great days here, the first day cut short because of a typhoon in Hong Kong and the second was complimentary due to the early closure of the park the first day. The rides are great fun for all ages and our 16 yo and 15 yo enjoyed it immensely.
I went on my last day before my 7 pm flight. I loved the rides and attractions. They were great replicas of the ones in the states. I was surprised how clean if was.
Disneyland is one of Hong Kongs most popular attractions, but you will need good walking shoes if you are going to trek around the park for all day. Many people catch the Mickey Mouse train from Sunny Bay, then you will walk the long promenade of about 15 minutes to the entrance gates. With seven separate areas to visit, you need to plan how much you will want to see. The character parades along Main Street are at 3.30pm and 7.30pm and fireworks at 8.30pm. A lot to enjoy!
Hong Kong Disneyland is one of the must visit attraction in Hong Kong. You can reach this park by MTR, towards Tung Chung. Stop in Sunny Bay and change into Disneyland Train into Disneyland Park. The food inside the park are awesome too. If you want below $100 meal, try the comet cafe. The parade is a must see event in Disneyland. Prepare yourself with Disneyland Time Table.Better shopping before afternoon since it will get so crowded before the park closed. Fast past only for Winnie The Pooh ride and Space Mountain only.Don't bring your selfie stick into Disneyland since it's forbiden inside the park.
   For Muslim, good news food is easy to find.     Some rides can be lined up on a single lane compare to couple lane. (Which is faster)     and lots of cool HK's Disneyland souvenirs to get
Much smaller than the other Disneylands, but a great place for little ones enamoured with Disney. Loved the special Disney train ride with the mouse head handles. Food & souvenirs seemed overpriced but good quality.
This is the second time visit Disneyland HK. 1st visit in Summer and now in Winter. The christmas decoration is very beautiful. Big christmas tree with colourful light at 6.30pm. The disney paint the night parade start at 7.30, this is the best parade in Disneyland.
Wonderful place to visit with our 4 year old grandson. Some super rides and Small world was truly amazing. Buzz Light year,slinky dog ride and Andy were excellent but the highlight has to be The Lion King Show. This was so well choreographed and professional certainly up to London's West End Standards. Make sure you watch the parade which is fabulous and the Fireworks which are spectacular  Advice if taking a young child either bring a stroller or hire one, too far for the little legs to travel all day long. I suggest avoid the train around the park as the way you are seated you do not get views of the parks rides, that is blanked out by the slatted window behind you!
Smaller than the disneys in europe, but great fun for family. Parade was poor, but activities are really good. Went on 26 december. My Gf enjoyed a lot :)
Our 4Y0 son had a wonderful time (as did we) though the queues can be long and some of the more popular kids rides. Maybe some of the characters could wander alongside the queues for entertainment?! Fireworks a bit late for a toddler but the night time grand parade worth waiting for   spectacular! Restaurant food ok but pricey by Hong Kong standards.
I'm an annual pass holder, racked up 70 visits in 6.5 years and gonna keep on going weekly  monthly. It's my happy place, so fun and welcoming, HKDL do Guestology well.Every year something new, whether that's 1 new attraction (Mickey & The Magic Book), or a whole new land (Toy Story, Mystic Point, Grizzly Gulch) there's something to enhance what's already a fun escape from HK. Going for a whole day, or just a few hours after work it's ALWAYS a magical experience at HKDL!
Happiest place to be if you're a kid...best place to recall and reminisce the things of the past and childhood if you're the nit so young. It's nice to look almost all Disney characters that I've seen before in the TV. Once a dream, it became a reality. Transportation accessibility is at its best. You can visit and go to this place via MTR. And I am recommending the use of the octopus card as a means of payment in going back and forth from the city.Will definitely visit again soon since I didn't finished touring the entirety of this place in a day.
By all accounts euro Disney is too busy to enjoy. This place still feels new and isn't overcrowded. The kids loved it and I must admit my surprise at not hating it. Some well designed and interesting areas as well as time to relax and stroll. Not bad.
A must visit place in Hong Kong. If you're travelling with some travel agents and if they don't provide this place in your itinerary, then just cancel the deal. A perfect Family attraction, every single ride is fun and amazing. Never miss any shows inside Disney land not even the 3D movie. Highlights of the park is Lion king show, Parade, Fireworks, few adrenaline rushes rides and every single show. Better find a really good place to view the epic fire works before leaving the place. Food is decent and souvenirs are a bit costly but worth buying at least one from there. There is no restriction on number of times to visit a ride, so fulfill your hunger on crazy fun. No need to rush because everyone gets time to visit every show in Disney land. Staff was very co operative and well trained. Medical assistance will be provided on any emergency. Always carry a map along with you. Have Fun! :)
We went on this holiday with our family after I got married. My wife was pregnant then and we has a ball of a time at Disney hk. I am waiting on my daughter to grow old enough so that she would enjoy this park to fullest. I wish the park expands its offering now as the park is old I feel new offerings must be given to customers.
It's certainly a trip down to memory lane. The rides are certainly for kids and if you're only looking for thrill Disneyland is not for you. I think the good thing about Disneyland is you can enjoy it with your family because you know the elders are not usually up for thrills. Also.. the best thing about the place are the shows. I certainly recommend The Festival of Lion King, the 3pm Parade, the parade before the fireworks and the fireworks itself. It's so beautiful it made me teary eyed.
Whatever you expect from a theme park   this is it but nothing special. The rides are interesting enough and plentiful (able to get you through a day) but even the most thrilling rides aren't thrilling enough. Good for young children but teenagers should try somewhere else (maybe the ocean park?). The food and merchandise are expensive it expected since its Disneyland.
If you are an adult and going without kids, you can blow through this park in under 1 day, easy. If you have kids, take your time, get a 2 day pass and enjoy yourself. 2 days even at a relaxed pace gives you time to do everything at least once.
You can access this through the MTR going to Lai King, then Sunny Bay, then to the Disneyland Resort in less than 30 minutes. Needs a lot of walking though and the food of course, as expected is not cheap. Soda is around HK$30, french fries also HK$28. Average food item is around HK$50 to HK$100. i witnessed two parades, one in the afternoon and one at night. These were both spectacular, colorful and quite wonderful. All the disney characters were shown. Be sure to bring your camera or video camera with you. Since this is my 3rd or 4th time to be here, and my kids are also grown up, we only did a few of the rides. The best one they liked is the Grizzly Bear. After 6 pm, the rides are easier to line up since there are only short queue. cost us HK$539 each but it is worth the price.
We went there during cloudy days, it rains drizling, but we still enjoys the ride and the scenery. It was a good ambience, the children are so happy with many of the wonderful attraction. Don't forget to bring water bottle, there are water fountain around the theme park, so at least you can save on drinks. Also make sure you bring either poncho or umbrella, as when it rains, it is difficult to get around without these. Due to the rain, we also didn't experience the parade and fireworks, may be next time when the weather is good, we can visit again !
Families with young kids from all over the world should visit if you haven't visited any Disneyland around the world.I went Hong Kong with my family from Singapore on 16 June 2015.A ticket cost about 500 HKD (85 SGD,250 MYR,60 USD,75000 JPY).When you go there, try to visit every park.You can go to attractions like the Mine Cart,the Mystic Manor,the Autopia,the Small World,the Many Adventures of Winnie The Pooh,the Carousel,the Slinky Dog spinning vehicle and many others.Food prices at the restaurants in Hong Kong Disneyland start from 100 HKD.Overall, Hong Kong Disneyland is good
It's very accessible and there are variety of public transportation available. We rode the mtr. There are a lot of attractions which brought out the child in me.
This is a small Disney park but it's well managed and is good for a visit with young children. It's small size means you can spend a day here with young children, have fun on the rides, watch some shows, and not have a cranky child at the end of the day. Very accessible using the MTR. Go for the shows they are awesome. They river cruise is nice.
Having gone to most Disneyland parks, I would say the attention to the details with the HK one is at par. It's possible to cover the small park in a day esp. if you have young kids and willing to start at rope drop, which I never felt with other Disneyland parks. The foods are central kitchen prepared and actually not bad at all.I would say the main let downs are:(1) Too few attractions with fast passes. Some queues are 90min long and that is on a weekday, which I'm certain fast passes would be in order.(2) Cast members are generally way way poorer in training and service than other Disneyland parks. Knowing Disney's attention to such details, it was disappointing. Some cast members are downright rude and physically handled people in queue, which was very surprising. Others are lackluster and their glum faces stood in contrast to the park's joyful design. I know it's a park targeted at Chinese tourists, but with Shanghai park opening in a few months, they should have upped their game.That said, our kids enjoyed themselves (it is a Disneyland afterall!). But I'm not sure if I would really want to revisit the small park, esp. when service and attitude is so poor.
Disney as you would expect.  A great day out for all ages.  Certainly would recommend a visit.  Public transport easy to get there.
Thoroughly enjoyed our day at Hong Kong Disneyland. The 3pm parade is excellent and the parade of lights at night is something not to be missed. We were lucky to be there during the lead up to Christmas, so saw the lighting of the giant Christmas tree. The rides are quite tame compared to those of Disneyland in Anaheim, but they are perfect for families with children. A magical experience!
I love Disneyland. For me it's like the best theme park in the world. The one in Hong Kong is like the mini version compared to the US, France and Japan but turns out to be pretty worth visiting especially with young kids. The only down side is that there aren't many options for the meals and the ones that are avaliable is pretty expensive. The rides and fine and we do gladly see they are keep improving with new rides. The queues aren't ad long as the ones in Japan but perhaps due to the mini size. The options for souvenirs is abundant and the parades are fun to watch. Overall, a good place to bring the kids, just watch out for tourists from the mainland China who doesn't flush nor clean after themselves at the toilets, it was pretty disgusting.
My family and I have been here twice and I might be biased because I love Disney but our trip here is one of the happiest moments in my life. lol! The only slightly negative thing I can say is that it was super hot when we visited. Oh well, it was worth all the fun!
The actual park itself is quite small compared to the Disney parks in the States. The shows were really good. The Lion King show was the highlight and a must see!
After touching down in HK, we went to the Disneyland Hollywood hotel, left the bags at the conceige (could not check in yet) and took the shuttle bus to Disneyland. We were in time to catch the 3pm parade. It was very crowded and we could hardly view the parade but the kids managed to squeeze into the front (no one minded) and they loved it. The most memorable rides experience was driving the car on the track, watching the 3D show, the small small world ride, etc. We bought 2 day pass so went back the next day for another half day, before checking out of the hotel. We felt it was less tiring to split the visit into 2 half days and didn't regret our decision. The Chinese restaurant at Disneyland served quite good food. Their fried rice was surprisingly yummy. Despite the crowd at dinner time, the busy staff were still polite to the diners.
We have been to countless of disneyland and for sure HK one is definetly not the best. The park isnt exactly that big, if u are not into rides, a one day pass is more than enough to cover from morning to night! Be expected to wait at least 45mins and above for those very popular rides. Some do offer fast pass, do check it out so u dont have to waste time q  ing for it. Tips  if u are travelling with young children and first time to disneyland. Wld suggest that you stay at Disneyland hotel for a night or two before moving on to city hotels. Save on travelling time and is always a nice experience staying in disney hotels.
Rides were basically for kids, a few were for adults. Everything works perfectly especially the fireworks. They got nice hotels with very good services and facilities. The mickey mouse train is just genius that everyone will remember for sure.
We had such a magical day in disneyland. Space mountain is a must try ride. The queue din get too long as we reached early. Go earlier to avoid the pack. Stay whole day there because the night view of disneyland is another good story to tell. I'm amazed by everything aboud disney.
I love Disney, but I hate crowds. It's an horrible conundrum. However, we went to Hong Kong Disney on a Wednesday and were there at opening and it was FABULOUS! From opening until about 3 pm the crowds were low enough that we never had a line wait and were able to get to most rides at least twice. The park is quite small, so there isn't a lot of ground to cover.The park was very clean and laid out well, and we felt like we got the best of the rides from larger parks. A personal favorite was the Jungle Cruise, which is offered in three different languages   so make sure you get in the correct line!Food was not as scarily expensive as at other Disney parks, and the Asian take on the food being offered gave the best of choices.
A magical place to meet your favorite Disney characters. Not good to go on the weekend as it is packed... Park is massive so takes sometime to all around. Try to get a priority pass so that you can skip the long queues..
I'm used to going to the Anaheim park and the HK park wasn't as small as I expected. There are definitely not a lot of rides compared to Anaheim and Orlando, but it's still an overall, fun experience if you love Disney. There seems to be space for them to add more rides. The parades seem to be similar to the ones in Anaheim, but with fewer floats. Some of the food is pretty expensive for what it is   I wish there was an option to not get a drink with the meal at a lower cost since you're able to bring your own drinks into the park (not your own food   snacks though). The park is not terribly crowded compared to the U.S. parks and Tokyo parks and if you go early, you can avoid having to wait in line for the rides at all. The lines to take pictures with the characters though are so much slower than in the U.S.   the characters spend a lot more time interacting with you and the cast members don't really move you through efficiently like in the U.S. and they'll let you take a ton of pictures with, what seems to be, every combination of individuals in your group   this makes it painfully slow for people in line. The merchandise is also good   mostly different than what they sell in the U.S. (cuter), but not as cute as what they sell in the Tokyo parks   still just as expensive as what you would pay in the U.S. though. Also, if you're using a U.S. credit card   it seemed that for all transactions in the park and to buy the entrance tickets, they will ask if you want to charge in USD or HKD   if you say USD, they tack on a  fee  to the exchange rate. I would recommend saying HKD if you have a credit card with no foreign transaction fees (e.g. Capital One). On a side note, there's a Disney Store at the HK airport that sells almost the same things that they sell in the park if you don't have a chance to visit.
Weather was awesome while visiting Disneyland. Like being a child again. There's so many things to buy and shop. Very happy able to take photos with the Disney characters. This is my 3rd visit to Hong Kong Disneyland. Families with toddlers should consider staying a night or two at their Disneyland Hotel or Hollywood hotel. I realized that although the park is not very big but if with toddlers or babies, they tend to need some rest. Staying there wld give them time to catch a nap and go back into the park again. The parades and fireworks were awesome !!! Make sure to get a good view.
Disney in Hongkong  is small compared to others. And if you have seen one in Orlando this one will be very small. There are not many rides or shows. But again disney is disney no matter what. Soforget about reality and let your imagination fly.
Include this place in your wish list. This place brings out the child in me. Truly the happiest place on earth. I'll definitely come back and bring my family for a lifetime experience the kids will cherish.
We booked via Klook and got straight to the entry. Unfortunately the queues inside were loong. 40 min queue for a 3 minute ride. Get the express pass if you really want to enjoy the experience especially with young ones. My 4 year old could only recognize Woody & gang and Miles from Tomorrowland as he's seen it on TV. Of course Mickey & gang too. He didn't really get what's the hype all about (what disney princess? what dumbo? :)) . Parade was great and all the performers really kept their showmanship up for the entire show   good job! Night show supposedly great but we never made it that far... :(
we went there not knowing its their 10th year anniversary. we were astonished with the parade as if we went back to our childhood, we were so overwhelmed. well, you can't blame us its our first. and the firework is sooo extravagant. overall it was great but the food is quite expensive so if you are on a tight budget, better bring sandwiches. and also wear comfy shoes for you will be walking and standing most of the time.
Smallest disneyland among all 5 but still enjoyed a lot. After all a disneyland is a disneyland. All the theme parks were enjoyable. I loved adventure land the most. Roller coaster is not that great. Else, everything is perfect. Vegetarians food options are also there. One Veg Pizza is available is the Royal Banquet Hall. Black Lentil Combo meal is also available in the Tahitian Terrace in Adventure land.
Great theme park though small. Has added some new attractions over the years. Park is still maintained in good condition. There will be a Stark Iron Man attraction in Tomorrowland due to open in 2016. Some attractions are conducted in Cantonese. Need to check the timing schedules for English sessions.
I have been to Disneyland Florida, Paris and now HK, too be honest I cant really compare the others as it was a long time ago... HK Disneyland is really easy to get to whether its local shuttle bus or train. It was raining when we went in the 1st day and the park was empty so we managed to get on all the attractions with little to no ques at all. Day 2 was nice and sunny but still not that busy but I can imagine it being a nightmare peak season when its packed. There was only two attractions that had fast passes. There is hardly any thrill rides it is all based around much younger children. We basically did the whole park in less than a day. As we stayed at one of the Disneyland Hotels (not recommended) we popped in and out on day 2 and came back for the fireworks.The parades were spectacular as was the fireworks, but mega busy. The cost of food and drinks and souvenirs were epically over priced as usual but USD $15 for a 3in1 sachet coffee and a sachet hot chocolate was really bad! $40 for a balloon lol... best thing is take your own food and drink as backpacks are fine but they do get checked at the gate.Overall it was all about my little girl and she had a magical time.Look online for discount tickets dont buy direct as you will pay a lot more.My tip for the best experience is go when its raining as it will be heaps quieter, take your own lunch, buy souvenirs Down Town, watch the fireworks at the end of main street where you can still see them over the magin kingdom but you can leave ahead of the crowds...
A fun and exciting experience for both the kids and adults. A must to stop at hongkong disneyland. There is also alot of restaurants and halal restaurant is also available. So to those muslim travellers theres no worry about food but to take bote that the food is very expensive. Apart from excitement, getting there is also very accessible by the mtr to sunny bay and than the disneyland train. Tickets is advisable to book online or to get on some apps like klook as it will be more cheaper than buying on the counter. So hop on to the hongkong disneyland for great excitement.
Never been a theme park fan but Disneyland was magical. And the experience starts from the train ride from Sunny Bay. Excellent customer service.1 day was sufficient for us with a 3.5yo toddler. May need more than 1 day if you have older kids that want to try all rides.Be sure to get your places for the shows early or be disappointed.
This is the smallest Disneyland in the world with only 2 thrill rides (Space Mountain and Grizzly Gulch)   so its not really something the teenagers would enjoy, but for toddlers its great cos most of the rides don't have height limits and our 2 years old could enjoy almost everything (Flying Dumbo, Carousel, Small World, Autopia, Oribtron, Buzz Lightyear, Winnie The Pooh, Slinky Dog, Parachute Drop) to name a few. There was also a spectacular night parade which he loved, and a Lion King show   there is another show which is currently not open. If you would like to meet all the characters, I suggest going to HK Disneyland Hotel for their Breakfast with the Disney Stars (730am and 930am)   where Mickey, Minnie, Goofy, Pluto and Daisy Duck will come table to table to say Hi to everyone    no queuing to meet the stars! This is a very toddler friendly Disneyland! Again, its very small, but hey when you are pushing 2 strollers around   . small is not a bad thing!
We went to Disneyland on a busy month, but on a weekday (Thursday). When we arrived it was still relatively quiet for a Disneyland. We made the huge mistake of not taking photos with all the characters first. Instead, we went straight to the Lion King show.By around 3 4PM the lines to take photos with Mickey Mouse and all the princesses got too big that we didn't even stand chance. Which was a shame. But we still got some photos taken with other characters. It was pretty stressful running from one place to another to line up for rides and attractions. And to find a table during meal times.Tip:1. Go during low season if you can.2. PLAN your visit ahead.3. It's impossible to get on all the rides and shows and to take photos with all the characters in one day. So just enjoy what you can.
felt like a kid again seeing the Disney characters and watching the Lion King show it was fun. What I didn't like is the locals they are very rude!
After visiting Europe and USA it was a little disappointing that there wasn't many adult rides, although it was great to see young children being excited about the park. We stayed for the lighting of the Christmas Tree and expected the procession of Disney characters to follow straight away but it didn't and we with menu others left, because of the confusion. Great to see real snow with the lighting of the Tree.
It was the most amazing experience. The parades were expectacular. My fave would be mystic manor and stitch show. It was so entertaining! I suggest going early as the crowds build up during the afternoon. Make sure to know the schedule of the shows and parade to get the whole dineyland experience
if you're planning on visiting hk disney, make sure it's in the cold season of hk. the first time we went here in early august, it was hot and humid my daughter got a cold afterwards. when we went here last april, it rained and had to buy the umbrella. december was a nice month since they changed the theme to christmas and it was quite cool
On my several business trips to Hongkong,once in 2012 i had visited Disneyland.On that day itself i had decided to bring my daughter(Now 7yrs old) to this place.Last year i went with my daughter to Hongkong and took her to Disneyland on the 2nd day of our tour.From entering to the resort to the last firework,she enjoyed every minute.She was really very happy.She took few rides,saw a 4d movie,enjoyed some live shows and even participated in the parade.By her instruction i took many pictures of her with different characters.Although it was an long hectic day there,but she was so excited and happy that till we reach our hotel she was not feeling tired and also expressing her experince and happyness.On the 7th day of our tour(Last day),i had planned to visit Shengen province ,and accordingly booked a tour by an travel agent for the same.But as my daughter got up that morning,she was asking to go to Disneyland again.As i want to see her happy,again we went for Disneyland.Really its an great place for kids.Definitely visit this place,if u have a kid
My family had really enjoyed disneyland, every bit of it. The shows at every area and the rides were fantastic. Food was expensive n taste horrible. Dont miss mystic manor, big grizzly mine car, festival of lion king show, jungle river cruise, its a small world n etc. The queue was long for some, at least 20mins. But really worth it even for someone like me who doesnt like waiting.
Having been to all the Disneylands World I can say this is the smallest but it is slowly expanding. This was our 2nd visit and now there is Toy Story land which I have nit seen in other parks. It was a nice set up and rides catered for various tastes. Enchanted forrest opening 17th December so just missed out and new area being built replacing the weak electric car ride. Easily done in 1 day and catching the Disney train from Sunny Bay Station a treat. Easiest (more direct) to access on MTR from Kowloon Station.
It was a first for me. I never wished to go to Disneyland, it ain't very me, but as soon as I stepped onto Main Street I was teary eyed and remembered my childhood. It was super fun bit I wish that they're open until midnight. They close at 9pm which is really not enough for the rides, shopping and enjoying everything that they offer. Shows are scheduled and we watched every one of them thus we weren't able to go to most of the rides The lines though can get very long and it can be a little tiring for the oldies specially if the day is very hot. Food has a hefty price here. Book your tickets online to get them at a cheaper price.
Best fun park to visit. .. awesome experience every section is worth watching. Good indian food served at a restaurant near adventure land. Great experience at adventure land. Disney characters parade and fireworks must watch. It will make u a kid. .... lovely experience. ...
Love to play here.Lots of theme park here.Lots of games.But prepare your money to go shopping. Limited disney stuff will make your wallet empty. So many cute and cool stuff..Dont go home early. Wait for the parade and fire work.. its start play around 7 pm..
Disneyland anywhere is always enjoyable for anyone. Lots of fun for all ages . Always busy so long lines are the norm. Parade is also not to be missed . We all thoroughly enjoyed our day.
Considering that Hong Kong is by far one of the busiest places we have ever visited, our visit to Disneyland was a quiet one! We arrived at 10;30am on a Thursday as I read that weekdays are the best days to visit. The park wasn't a ghost town by any means, but we were able to walk onto every single ride!!! It is a smaller DIsneyland and we had everything done within 3 hours, no hassles no lines!Definitely go on a weekday and get there when it opens!
It was exciting experience to visit Disneyland Park for the first time and the closest one from Indonesia is the one in Hong Kong. Not only for my children, me myself got so excited. After a long queue on most attraction and lots of photos taken with Disney's characters, we could not wait for the main fireworks show. Sadly at 5pm the rain came so heavy and so long that lasted until 9pm and they finally cancelled the fireworks show. We went home with some disappoinment still in the middle of drizzled. Hopefully we would be able to have a second visit soon or maybe a visit to Tokyo Disneyland
We settled on going to Hong Kong for a different sort of holiday and discovered there was a Disneyland there! Amazing!! I have been to Disney (Florida) since I was a kind, now I have my own 3 year old daughter. It certainly live up to the hype and expectations. Everything you would expect from Disney: attention to detail in every aspect of the presentation and everything was kept extremely clean and tidy. All the staff was not only very helpful but was very  strangely  happy, that's probably the cynic in me. We really loved our time there my daughter particularly loved the hugs with Mickey and Minnie as well as all friends   beware this is quite a lengthy queue but the memories are priceless.Try at stay for the night parade followed by the fireworks really worthwhile, but plan the day carefully as it could be a long day. We cheated and did 2 days, worth doing and certainly enough for 2 days and reduces the stress of trying to cram it all in one day. Highly recommend for families with young children.
Our first Disney experience was a memorable one. Our 6 year old loved every minute of it as did we. Booked on klook which saved some time and cash. Got there at 12 and stayed for the fireworks. Food was pricey but the fish and chips at grizzly gulch was reasonably priced. A bit disappointed the Frozen parade was so short but was still a highlight for our daughter. Wasn't too crowded on a Monday. It's a must visit.
Went with family friends to visit the Disney. It's its 10th anniversary and around Christmas season so I got to see many lights, Christmas decorations everywhere, and special shows   such as the lighting of the tall Christmas tree. The shops givesspecial discounts, too!
My family spent a day at the park, and we rented a wheelchair for my elderly mum. The park was clean, and the cast members generally pleasant and polite.I had an AutoMagic QR code to redeem my tickets but when I asked one cast member, I was told to queue at the sales counter. Just before I reach the counter, another cast member said I could just go to the automated machines to the side! Time wasted because not all cast members are clued in. At the machine, another cast member was on hand to assist but she wore a frown and seemed impatient.The park has been extended to include Grizzly Gulch, Toy Story Land and Mystic Point. Mystic Manor is a must go; RC Racers is fun (said my teen and young adult); Grizzly Gulch runaway train is another don't miss; as are the Lion King festival, the street parades. And the fireworks spectacular is the best!Food is a little on the pricey side. The order and pay system is not well implemented. Queues to check out and pay are not clearly defined (unlike in the US); and sometimes visitors could just walk straight to their table with the food without paying (they thought the bill would come before they leave)   and the staff then had to chase after them. Fortunately, they weren't rude, just a bit annoyed.Be aware that some rides and attractions, especially outdoors, close early especially as it gets dark.Overall, it was a good time to be had in the happiest place on earth.
Great experience in Disneyland Hong Kong. Good point: Complete facilities of the theme park, including smoking area and toilet (very clean) which available almost every where. Convenient public transport which is accessible by HK MRT (fast and comfortable). Attractive show such as parade and 4D short movie which really makes my kid happy.Bad point: Will need to queue up for very long to take photo with cartoon characters. It takes me 1 hour to queue up, to let my kid to snap photo with Donald Duck. Over price food (about HKD 112 per plate of rice and drink). Take note: When you are waiting for the fireworks at night, please go to nearest restaurant to have your dinner before 730pm. It will be very crowded, and most of the food will be sold out before 8pm. I cant even get a cup of hot chocolate by 820pm. Also, i am sad that not able to see the night parade. It was replaced by 10th anniversary event upon my visit.
This was a great place for me prior to my first time to visit a Disney Land. I went in June and honestly the weather was terrible. It was so hot and sunny and there was hardly any place to cool off if you need a rest after the whole day there. The games were not quite impressive and my worst experience was our 2 hour queue for a game in 110 degree summer heat. Anyways I believe little children would enjoy it better than I do because, I mean, which children would say no to mickey mouse and disney princesses? If I had another chance to go there, I would definitely pick another time, probably in the spring or fall. And make sure to get a nice position on the street 2 hours before if you want a good view of the parade.
great place to spend a day as a kid and enjoy rides and shows .. reach on time .. grizzly gulch and space mountain rides are lil scary .. lion king show is stunning and a musical treat .. fireworks are excellent
Upon boarding the MTR train to Disneyland you are attracted to the specialised Disney themed train which only has one stop so there is no possibility of getting lost.It was a poor copy of Disneyworld, the street shows were overcrowded and young children could not see the performances properly. There were too many mainland tourists which made the visit even more difficult.The food was overpriced (expected) but more than double from outside was a bit steep. They did not allow food drink from outside.Anyone thinking of going should be warned there even weekdays there are many school group visits, it took us over an hour to get in on a weekday
it's the 10th anniversary this year, the special parades and fireworks show are great but the latter could be longer with more showcase of the Disney classics though.
It would be must visit place for children in Hk.  Many Disneyland character available for photo shooting.  The fireworks and night parade is great scenery must not miss.
This Disneyland is significantly smaller than the ones in the US.  There are one day discount tickets for anyone over 65 (just make sure to have an id to prove age).  We took the Disneyland Line (Mtr) to get there.
Came a few years ago and all pretty similar   love the Magic but not the lines. Wasted about 2 hours of the day lining up and tart was an improvement on last time as we skipped a few rides. Still, ya gotta experience Disney! Loved the train into Disney from the MRT. Great planning HK!! : )
I purchased the tickets via Klook and used the QR code to print out the tickets. It save time, queue and more importantly savings on the tickets too! This is my third time to Disneyland and as usual I always enjoyed being a small kid inside me. This time I stayed back and watched the fireworks! It was beautiful and awesome!
visited HK Disneyland twice. Bought the tickets online via klook.com at discounted price! (Do check it out klook.com it's legit!!) Was skeptical at first using klook at first but gave it a shot trying it. glad got the tickets at cheaper price especially if u have the coupon codes. visiting the park in Dec is cool cos it's not too cold during its winter not hot. I think it's the best time to visit but not during holiday or weekend. I visited the park on Monday & Tuesday. Tuesday seems better cos not too long queue. my daughter enjoyed the rides especially The grizzly bear ride as well as others like mystic manor.
Disneyland was fun. It's not as big as the ones in US, but still managed to pack a day's worth of fun in it. We loved all the rides, especially the Space Mountain. The average wait for any ride is 20 30 minutes. Still we were able to cover the entire park, including the 2 parades and fireworks show in one single day.
We have visited this HK Disneyland on several occasions. I would say that it is worth two days' to fully visit. Day one can be for you to scope out what your preferred rides and attractions are, then re visit them on Day two. Maybe wait for the night parade, to get the night feel. Stay at the Hollywood Hotel overnight, which is the cheaper of the two hotels. If you have longer in HK, I would then transfer to another hotel, closer to Tsim Sha Tsui (Kowloon) or Central (HK Island). If you wish to shop, go for the Kowloon side and the hotels there, which are slightly cheaper than the HK Island hotels, where the CBD is located and which have more business people staying. If you also wish to go to Ocean Park, stay on HK Island, because it is in the south of the Island.
If you live down under and can't make it to Disneyworld in Florida, then Hong Kong Disneyland is the next best. It's a surprising contrast to the concrete jungle of High rise with acres of space that is easy to navigate. Plenty for the young ones to do and wonder at. It's a small world ride is a must for the littlies. Easy access by road or rail. If you have enough time, the Hotel complexes are also worth a visit and your little princess can enjoy a photo shoot in her choice of princess costume. Endless dining options are also available. Ocean Park is another must see for young families. Best to arrive early for both of these venues as they do get busy. Naturally, weekends are busiest so go earlier in the week if you can.
We were told of VIP treatment for my boy who was celebrating his 8th Birthday in Disney. I tried getting more information via email requesting for assistant but took me more than 5 emails and 4 different persons before i can place an order for a birthday cake and make a reservation for lunch there.We ordered a Disney Birthday cake(taste good) and made a reservation at the Main Street Corner Cafe for a group of 13 people. To our disappointment, NO VIP Treatment at ANY OF THE RIDES; no VIP TREATMENT at restaurant; He did receive a 'birthday goodie bag' from the cake i ordered. BUT, would you consider a party hat, 1 sheet of disney serviette, 1 disposable plastic spoon and fork, 1 colouring paper, 1 balloon a Goodie Bag? Disappointing, very disappointing.My wife had to write in to express out disappointment BUT, the experience there already left us sour....Will we recommend Disney Hong Kong? My review says it all....
This was my first visit to HK Disneyland. I have previously been to all other Disney parks (Florida, California, Paris, Tokyo) at least 2 times each park. So I know a little bit about Disney parks.My daughter and I visited HK Disneyland in August 2015. The weather was warm and waiting for rides was an uncomfortable experience. For example, the waiting area for the Jungle River Cruise was a shaded area that only had 2 fans. With many people waiting for their turn for the ride, the air was very stall and it was uncomfortable even to breath normally while waiting for the ride. We went in the English language Jungle River Cruise. I have been to this ride in other Disney parks previously. This ride is normally very entertaining and the comments by the guide are generally funny. Not in HK Disneyland. The guide was not using a PA system and it was difficult to hear him clearly. What I was able to hear of his commentary was not funny or entertaining at all. (Yes, his English accent was also very bad).The park is small compared to other Disney parks, and has limited rides. Many of the rides were the merry go round type of rides e.g. Dumbo, Orbitron, Cinderella Carousel, tea Cups, Slinky Dog Spin. These rides may have been fun 50 years ago, but they do not appeal too much to the younger generation these days. Disney needs to come up with new ideas for their rides.The light parade at night is normally one of the highlights of Disney parks. Not in HK Disneyland. The parade only had a limited number of floats and was over in around 15 minutes.The fireworks display at near the closing time is also normally a highlight of Disney parks. Not in HK Disneyland. The fireworks here were basic type and only lasted a few minutes.As in other Disney parks, food and beverages in HK Disneyland were overpriced.Another negative point here is that many people did not want to queue up in waiting lines and they would jump the lines. This would happen while the Disney park attendants were around. The attendants never intervened to stop people from jumping the lines. RUDE.Overall, our experience was not a good one at all. If you have been to other Disney parks, please skip this one. If this is going to be your only Disney experience, please be ready for limited rides, bad management of park facilities and people jumping the queuing lines while park attendants not enforcing any disciple. One last word to Disney Management; your REALLY need to come up with new ideas for new rides and attractions if you want to retain you park visitors.
The Lion King show was amazing it made me teary eyed same with the foreworks. The parade left me in awe of Mickey. One day is not enough specially if you have small kids, could be enough if teens and adults. My 3 year old is not tall enough for some of the kids which is sad for her and for me. The pork ribs tasted ok and pricey for the quality. The burger with fries though tasted better but still pricey which is expected here. Btw, they threw away my daughter's slice of pizza :(We went first week of December so weather got nice late in the afternoon until night but we got burnt waiting for the show at 1pm where the characters danced. We waited longer than they danced.We missed the daytime parade too so my advice keep better track of time and schedules. Would love to go back again.
All of the rides start from the minimum at very small heights. Space Mountain and Big Grizzly Bear are my favourite rides, but I don't want to ruin the suprise!
Bad experience as the staffs service was not friendly and food is lousy. Overall experience bad. Will not recommend any friends nor family there. It's just disappointment.
I went there as an adult with my family. There was plenty for us to do. I never get sick of taking photos with the movie characters. Would definitely go again.
Don't expect a massive Disney experience, this is the smallest of the Disneylands and doesn't have many rides outside of the really kid friendly one. Large amounts of empty space, gives a sense that the park is half built and that grand plans were not met. One benefit is that on a week day every ride had a wait of less then 5 minutes. Also the temperature on the day we were there was mid 30's and it seems there isn't a huge amount of shelter to stay out of the sun and with vast gaps in the park you have to walk a long distance in the sun between rides.
Not as big compared to Tokyo and LA, hence a one day visit is more than enough. Worth staying for the night parade and fireworks. Queues can be long so if you bring young kids, it's better to take frequent breaks for food, bathroom and rest.
Typical Disneyland except the small area. Very accessible by train from all corners of HK. Very crowded and some adults fight with kids to get ahead in Q. Please hold on tight to your young kids to avoid being pushed over by over zealous adults.
Most of the rides are kid friendly. Although Space Mountain for younger kids could be scary. Many food places and even though we went at lunch time, we found a place to sit easily. Easily the best place to spend a while day there!
Its a place worth going for kids between 4 10 years, if your kids love disney characters!!. The place has a lots if rides which caters to this age group unlike other amusement parks. Keep in mind you will have to walk a lot.
Nice place but feel had v gone wid kids it wud have been more fun. Went wid my wife n my parents. For me the best part was the train which takes a round trip of the entire place. Didnt get a chance to visit the adventure land cz of the long queues.
My family went on 3 December around 4 pm. It was easy to access to Disneyland. Just hop on to the MTR and changed train at Sunny Bay for Disneyland train. The kids loved the interior design of the train   Disney theme with comfortable seats. At Disneyland, we managed to watch live entertainment, went for the rides, watched the parade and the fireworks. It was spectacular. Being first time to the Disneyland, it was a great place to go.The only setback I think was the entrance fee and dining were expensive.
The kids loved the rides. More kiddy rides suitable for kids up to 9 years old. The amenities, toilets and restaurants are well kept and clean. Loved the 10th year anniversary performance, parades and fireworks esp the Lion King performance and the Mystic Manor ride. Thumbs up.
Disney has the magical ability to turn everyone into a small child once again. Everyone told me Disneyland HK is really small, but I found this to be a plus instead. The attractions and rides are positioned close to each other, and you don't have to walk long distances just to go to the next one. Even then, we could only cover 70% of the park on our first visit. Glad we had the two day pass, so we could have a relaxed pace on our second visit.Tips:a) Best to visit on a weekday when it's not raining. We had an average wait of 15min on most rides, stretching to 30min on popular ones.b) Go early! Generally they allow visitors into Main Street 30min before the official opening time. That's when you can join the queue to take photos with your favourite characters. They do have a number limit, so you may miss out if you go too late.c) Plan your day by getting a copy of the park map and show times. (2 different leaflets)d) If you don't mind missing out on that photo with Mickey or Snow White, then my advise is to cover the popular rides first! Look out for attractions with FP (fast pass) marked on the map. These are the ones with the longest queues. Example: Winnie the Poo, Space Mountain. The main crowd comes in at 11.30am, so beat the crowd!d) Generally, try to arrive for shows 20 30min before. There are no best seats for Festival of the Lion King show. The best position to watch the Flights of Fantasy Parade is facing Sleeping Beauty Castle, at the circular lawn area. The best place to watch the Christmas tree light up is of course, closest to the tree.e) Grab a takeaway dinner at Main Street right after the Christmas tree light up. Everyone will park themselves back at the Sleeping Beauty castle (circular lawn) right after the light up. Enjoy Disney Paint the Night. If you have a good seat, don't leave it. Somehow it has become a norm to wait in front of the castle (1 hour) for the fireworks. So if you lose your seat, you're quite unlikely to get it back. The place fills up quickly.Love Disneyland. Enjoy!
Best place in HK. Feels like a child all over again. Happy Place. For Muslims, no problem, HALAL Food available within the park!
Entrance fee is expensive. Mainly for kids 3 8.   Kids enjoyed a lot as they moved from 1place to another .Area is big and you might need 1 full day there. Went during weekdays, still need to queue about 1 hour for rider
celebrated my son's 13th birthday in the happiest place on earth...it was raining so the place was not really packed...they cancelled the Mickey 10th year Anniversary parade...we were there by 10am after checking in at The Disneyland Hotel...no ropedrop because of the rain...went around Main street...saw Daisy Duck and Donald Duck so we had our picture taken with them, the queuing was only 5 people...everybody was rushing for the Mickey and Minnie character but since we will be having our character dining later that night, we decided not to line up anymore...we also had pictures taken with Goofy and Pluto...i saw Chip and Dale but we were not able to line up...we took the train to Fantasy Land and from there we went to Toy Story Land...we were told that Jessie and Woody will be available at 10:45, but they did not appear so we decided to go back to Fantasy Land...because of the rain, i presumed that the Ride in Grizzly Gulch will not operate...we had pictures taken around the park...we saw only one princess and she called us because there was no line...my son thinks the princess was beautiful...i asked him who the princess was (because i didnt recognize her in her poncho) and he told me it was Belle...we did some shopping and yes, the merchandise were so expensive...overall, had a good time in the Park...we were wet and cold (14 degrees) but what matters most is that my son had the best birthday ever.
It was definitely a great trip with the kids. Got the 2 day ticket package along with Disney Hollywood Hotel. This park is definitely the smaller version, we covered everything in the first day, though we came in the afternoon after checking in at the hotel. It's crowded as expected but the kids really enjoyed themselves. Fireworks was excellent, and the paint the night parade was also good. Most rides are for the smaller children so it's worth it with the kids. Some rides like winnie the pooh took about 1hr to get in even with the express ticket.
This is a much smaller Disneyland than the resort in Anaheim. However, that is part of its charm and advantage. If you go during the week (as opposed to a weekend, or holiday), there are relatively few people, and you can get on the rides with very short waiting times. Explore the Web site carefully. There are not that many attractions, and you will want to plan your time. Seniors are a particular bargain: only $100 HK. Food at most places in the park is very expensive, even by Disney standards. However, there is a terrace (with indoor places to sit) in Tomorrow Land where you can get hamburgers and similar food at somewhat reasonable prices. Be sure to consult the schedule folder that you can pick up from the kiosk just inside the entrance. Many attractions do not open until well after (an hour or more) the park opens, and many places (including some of the more interesting and reasonably priced) restaurants are simply not open on many days. Mystic Manor is a ride that is unique to this park, and the gift shop adjacent to it also has some unique items, including pins. If you have any physical limitations (including a problem standing in lines for a long time, or going up or down stairs), be sure to stop at Guest Services (I believe it is inside the City Hall) at the entrance to Main Street, and get a card indicating you need special assistance (there is name for this card, but I forget what it is). This card will get you special seating at shows, and special access in lines to attractions.When you arrive at Hong Kong Disneyland via the MTR, stop and purchase your return MTR ticket before entering the park. If you stay for the fireworks and then leave when everyone else does, you won't be caught in a long line to purchase the return ticket then.
It was the first time i've ever been to Disneyland. I went to Ngong Ping 360 first then next route was Disneyland. I arrived around 1.30 p.m. so,i couldn't see the entrance of all Disney's character. I played some of the games there. It was suitable for kids and elders. The part i liked the most was the fireworks and the background music. I hoped few years again they will add more attractions.
Disney land Hong Kong is a fun place to be. The attraction is mostly aimed at young children though. We found that only a few rides were targeted for adults. However there are some amazing shows and extra things to do other than the rides. The lighting of the tree was so much fun and we enjoyed the lion king show. If you go in the morning when it opens you will be able to do all the rides. The one really good thing is the variety of food. It's not all burgers and chips.
A day full of fun. First theme park in HK. Many happening events, but the best one is the last event of the day  Paint the night Disneyland . Indian Restaurant also available inside the theme park.
While it may not measure up to its California and Florida cousins in sheer size, this Disneyland is still fun and runs with the same level of care and organization one would come to expect from Disney. Of note, their Chinese dim sum restaurant is fantastic. The prices reflect that, but they make special dim sum in the shape of disney characters which are not to be missed.
As mentioned in other reviews, one of the smaller compact Disney Parks having been to Disneyland Anaheim, Disney World Otlando n Disney Tokyo. Would be better if there were better signages and notice boards on the attraction waiting times so visitors could plan better. Overall rides were fun and crowd size manageable but that could differ during weekends.
It's small compared to the other Disneylands but hello, it's DISNEYLAND. so much happiness here. I came on Christmas Eve, it was an absolutely wonderful day and night.
2nd time there. First was in August 2012. Picked a wrong date. Was super hot and crowded as it was Summer holiday in China. Went again in early Nov. Managed to take all the rides. Some of the queue are almost immediate. The longest that I queued was only 20 minutes.
I always take my kids to Disneyland 1 2 times a year. They love & enjoy, especially the night paray & the fireworks. Don't miss it. Only is the food is quite costly & taste so so...... Compare Disneyland in Tokyo, the food there is so much attractive & good. Even adults would love it.
Had s great time at our first Disney land encounter. Kids had a ball and was knackered after the whole day of fun. Disney express is very convenient for accessibility.
Great park, smaller scale, very cute. We went first week of December, really short wait times for rides which was a bonus. Didn't use fast pass at all in this park. However, not quite as pristine as other Disney parks. Having had annual passes for Tokyo Disney, HKG just doesn't stand up. While both are crowded, busy parks, the cultural differences between the two show in ways such as staff and guest attitude. The Japanese are polite, clean and meticulous is all I will say.
Enjoyed our stay even though food and souvenirs are kinda expensive. Kids and adults will really have a good time.
Spent 2 days at disneyland. It was a magical experience. well laid out. good signage. helpful team members. we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. my little daughter had sooper fun. the Lion King musical is highly reccomended and so are Small world and the adventures of winnie the pooh for small kids.
Disneyland is usually crowded guts if you go on a Monday, it isn't so crowded. The place is very nice and magical. The rides are not as scary as Ocean Park. There is also free Wifi in Disneyland. Most of the rides are suitable for young children and or babies. Overall, I would say the experience was a excellent 8 10!
Went here for one day with my wife. It was a great day out, things are super expensive inside (defiantly more than the U.S counterparts) and there isn't as many rides or things as the Anaheim option either. The one thing that also got me was there is no bars or restaurants around like the U.S, so hard to find somewhere to eat drink.
We went there with young kids. The facilities were well maintained with new elements from time to time. We even bought ourselves annual pass!
Just Wow..and Big Wow...my first visit to Disneyland in my life. you can enjoy to the core regardless of your age. no age bar for disneyland.   I would recommend to book a hotel inside Disney resort for one day to cover entire DisneyLand.
We usually go to Disney in Florida so we're spoiled, but we still enjoyed the rides and strolling through Hong Kong Disneyland. The is the second time we've been to Disneyland Hong Kong this year and there have been some improvements. They're also celebrating their 10th anniversary.
Was an enjoyable experience not quite as big as the Disneyland and hit Anaheim California but nice clean not crowded no weights on the the rides all the staff seem to be real pleasant and polite speaking leash pretty well the parade it was nice enjoyed seeing Mickey Mouse and Minnie mouse and Lilo and stitch recommended highly when you're in Hong Kong for a nice day visit the price is great The price is great only HK$100 for seniors HK$539 for less than 64 years old but I'd like to go again next time I'm in Hong Kong
This is the 2nd time I've been to Hongkong Disneyland. 1st time was in 2007.Not much changes except for some new rides. A new garden is in the making (yet to open).Typical kiddy rides. Its more fun when there's a kid around.2 rides that's more fun in my opinion: Space mountain and Parachute.The crowd is atrocious. Too many people in the theme park. Can forget about photo taking with Disney characters. The queue is very long too. Conclusion: Visit HK disneyland once will do. Even after 8 years to revisit, there's no surprise element in the themepark.
Most rides are meant for young children. Adults can enjoy the parades and shows nevertheless.  I particularly enjoy the night parade.   Lion king musical is good too
This property is really geared more toward children than adults, it seems, as there are only a couple of rides that I would consider 'adult worthy'... Spotlessly clean, not crowded on a weekday when I visited. One day is likely enough time for most folks, if the park is not very busy. The shows were very nice and everything seemed to be in good repair.
Great destination in HK.  Fun for the whole family.  With the addition of new rides and recent expansions the park just keeps getting better and better.  Customer satisfaction and experience make taking young guests here fun and relaxing.
If you have a day to spend, head to Disneyland for a magical day. Revive the childhood in you and you see your favorite characters come to live. Halal food is available onsite as well. Enjoy the whimsical rides during the day and end the day with a magical fireworks.
If you want to see shops full of teddy bears...1 restaurant and some carnival floats then go here.If you want to have something memorable then forget it...most staff cant speak english nor answer simple questions. We were told first that the characters were on a break so no photo opportunity....later we returned after eating at the time they told us and apparently they were on lunch....after the carnival there were queues of people taking 10  pictures each....We got as far as the path to what looked like a castle then went back to the coach area to return to the also awful hollywood hotel...then we took a taxi into HK to eat real food (which doesnt seem to be available in disneyland)At least we know not to return.
I went a week day from open to close and the lines were short all day. 5 mins for space mountain and 10 mins at one point. 5 Mins for buzz lightyear. Pretty much sll day long. The railroad ride and haunted mansion rides are very different to all the other Disney's, in a great way I highly recommend.
One thing I have noticed in Disneyland train is the cleanliness. They also have the coolest train with all the Disney characters memorabilia etc....
This is the smallest disney resort we have visited, but because we went on a week day there were very few lines and we were able to ride everything we wanted to do.
If have kids under 13, no matter what it is they will love Disneyland. However if you have been to the US parks or even Euro Disney, this one is nothing like it. On a much smaller scale but nevertheless the same Disney feel. The parade, fireworks, rides, activities are Disney quality. Decent dining options too. We took a two day pass but if you can enter when the park opens then one full day is enough.
Very happy there, the attractions are very impressed and the characters are so cute. The parade 'Paint the Night' is the best ever!
Good Family day out. Do the shopping early, when closing is crazy. too many people and too long wait for shows,rides and pics with Characters.it should be a fast pass like in Florida. My husband enjoyed the big rides. My little one loved the mickey mouse show and little world ride. Make sure u start queuing at least 45 min before the time.
We. have been to Disney in Paris, California and Florida and for a small park, these guys have done a great job. We bought a two day pass and had a great time in Dec. Crowds were low. The Christmasy atmosphere is great and we managed to get on all the rides we had missed in the States due to long ques or rides being refurbished. By reviewing others trip advice we had planned out our whole day and even managed to get to all the shows. I love the Asian cuisine and I am so glad we went. I took three sons aged 8, 14. and 18 and they all loved it. My husband said it was the most relaxed park he has ever been to, which makes it more appealing. Just do it. You will be glad you did.
Visited on a Monday afternoon so queues were minimal. Possibly the smallest of the Disney locations, but it did have my favourites....It's a small world, space mountain, runaway train, etc....and more are being added soon.Food was as disappointing as I anticipated   I had something that was supposed to be a chicken dish but the lumps of chicken had defintely passed through a scientist lab before making it into the pot so I couldn't eat it as it was so synthetic.Basically   go along and enjoy the Disney magic but don't eat while you are there!
Disneyland can be very crowded if you're planning to visit on weekends or holidays. Which in turn makes the waiting time so much longer. Be sure not to miss the fireworks at night because it's really magical! If you can, stay one night at Disneyland's hotel to also enjoy the view of the fireworks! But please be sure to enquire the hotel staff for the view. There's also many shops inside selling many souvenirs which is what I like the most about! However, you can't bring certain things inside such as beer etc etc. (They will check your bag before you can make your entrance, which is a bit troublesome.) But there's a locker service just beside it just for a small fee! It's easily accessible.
It was absolutely fun visiting Disneyland. Hong Kong Disneyland can easily covered in a day if you plan well. If you can get map in advance n plan accordingly you can cover most of the worthy attractions. One should plan it on weekday and should reach early say around 9:15 to 9:30. 20 mins to 40 mins can easily be spent while taking photos , getting maps and show time guides n relaxing for sometime. Then standing in the queue for the entrance. If have booked ticket online, take another 3 to 5 mins for collecting tickets by flashing barcode at ticket kiosk stationed at the back of ticketing counter.Its better to take discounted ticket online and reach early.The park is divided into 7 sections. Things we liked was the parade show both noon and night, festival of the lion king show, mickeys philarmagic show, winnie the pooh , mickey book wondrous. They do have fast track ticket for some rides or events where you need to take it at the stationed kiosk by flashing your entrance ticket for available time slots. We like small wonder, parachute drop, rc racer, mystic manor, grizzly mountain mine cars, jungle river cruise, Tarzan house if u have time, a utopia, space mountain , UFO zone, buzz light year, stitch encounter and so on.Go and have fun in this beautifully crafted theme park. Its has got beautiful location and is very neat and green.
Cons: Way too Crowded. crowded management lacking. especially during parades and fireworks show. photo session with famous disney characters, long wait. a real put off. other than the above, the park was a great place for kids, my kids enjoy to the fullest as can be!try stay till the end, park has present snow during our visit, this created a fantasy dreamland to my kids. They really love the pretend snow to end the day in the park.
We took the MTR from TST district to get to HK Disney, we arrived at approx 1000am and we didn't leave until the fireworks show was over!We are two adult females and we had a great time. We went on a weekday and there were very few lineups. We did every ride except two, the train and the car driving ride as they're both for smaller children and quite slow.We thought the rides were fun, the crowds were NOT overwhelming and the park was exceptionally clean. We brought our own water and small snacks into the park in a backpack which was very convenient. We brought our backpack on almost every ride and there were  lockers  for the rides we couldn't bring the bag on.The restaurants were reasonably priced (especially if you buy sides instead of mains) and we loved the few thrill rides (Toy Story race car and the two roller coasters).The park is smaller than Florida but it was still an exceptionally fun day in the theme park and I would recommend it for all ages (except for thrill seekers who will complain that there aren't enough thrills).I would recommend you stay for the parade and fireworks oh and try the waffles!!
I have been to every Disney park in the world, and Hong Kong Disneyland stands out as the best maintained. The park is absolutely spotless and looks like it opened yesterday. You'd be hard pressed to find litter of any sort just about anywhere. It has nice landscaping and the rides look brand new. The number of attractions is lacking when you stack it up against other Disney parks, but what they do have is great and there is certainly a full day's worth of activities. Of the rides they do have, four of them stand out. Mystic Manor is one of the best dark rides in the world. Make absolutely sure you do not miss it. Space Mountain is one of the better versions that exists. Grizzly Gulch is a variation of Expedition Everest and Thunder Mountain. While it is not super thrilling, it is a lot of fun and has some nice theming. Finally, the Small World is the best version that exists. They hide Disney characters in each of the geographic regions, which makes the experience all the more fun. Even if Hong Kong is rife with wonderful tourist attractions, this is still a must do for any theme park fan or family passing through Hong Kong.
Came here in end of August, and it's HOT and humid. Now the only one left for us to visit is the Paris Disneyland or Shanghai Disneyland in 2017 ? This park is smaller than the other parks in US and Japan. Everything else is almost the same ( Disney Theme ), it still magical and fun for kids.
One of the major attractions of my hk trip was disney park. The whole resort has been designed keeping in mind all age groups. A family with a 5 year old child or young person with their parents both can enjoy the park. My daughter is 5 year old. She enjoyed the park to the fullest for the obvious reasons but we to enjoyed the park with many rides ment for me. Iceing on the cake was the disney paint the night parade. Which was followed by the fireworks show. Over all a must place to visit.without it ur hk trip is not complete.
spent the whole day with my family! we're all adults but felt like a child a again. Bought the tickets in Klook Application, it can't get easier by booking with them . :D Whole day of fun and strolling around, taking pictures. :D Though it's really cold there by the month of November, still worth it to spend the whole day. Watch all the parades and be amazed. :D
We went for the Evening Haloween special night and were disappointed to find nothing extraordinary for Haloween. I have not been to any other DisneyLand before, so I enjoyed the trip. However, I did expect a lot more   it was disappointing to see more shopping than anything else on offer. My highpoints were the Disney Parade and the Cindrella's Castle Fireworks. I loved the idea of a special Disney Train that took us to the metro station dedicated to DisneyLand. Th train's decor and little statuettes of their famous characters were a total experience! Word of caution   my friend who has been to the one in Florida found little difference between the two!
Fun, enchantment and a lot more! If you come really early, lines for the tickets are short, but the excitement builds up as you see Disney's facade. November and December would be a nice time to visit for their Christmas theme and the weather too. Ride the MTR to Disney, such a lovely Disney train!Before the opening time of the rides, lots of characters will be around for photo ops. Line up to kill time. Ride as soon as you enter the park to avoid the long wait. I miss the board in USS that tells you the waiting time in the rides. We have to go from one ride to another just to see the waiting time. Know when the ride opens   Disney train, Mystic Manor and Jungle River Cruise opens a little later, so try the other rides before the line gets long. The Toy Story Land rides opens early. My daughter and I loved the Mystic Manor, fast one. We went back again and was able to ride quickly on our 2nd time. We were also lucky to be able to ride the Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars in the afternoon. I'm glad the park is not that big, because after riding the Mystic Manor we went straight to Mickeys PhillarMagic to watch the Mickey and the Wondrous Book and then go back to Grizzly Gulch to catch the Mine cars again! Planning the rides? One can,but I love going around the park because I enjoyed all the beautiful decorations around. My daughter would remind me not to take pictures anymore so we could line up for the next ride.Don't miss the parades, watch the Lion King show and get a good view seat of the Frozen lighting ceremony. An hour before that show, the main street is already filled with people. My daughter was on my husband's shoulders, so she could watch the lighting ceremony! It was magical, it snowed on Main street! Don't miss the fireworks too.Food is expensive but in big serving. 2 day pass is great if you have kids who loves to ride, one day ain't enough to ride all the attractions and see the show.
I've been to Hong Kong Disneyland twice before and when i went back the third time, it did not let me down. The maintaining of the facilities and environment are still clean and nice! However, there arent many new rides. Iron man was under construction though! The fireworks and parade was indeed spectacular, favoured by all ages!
Me, hubby and our 3 year old bought a 2 day pass for less then the price of a one day ticket at Disney World. It was a wonderful experience. We came at Thanksgiving week and on both days there were very short lines. We were able to get on and off rides again which was great with a 3 year old :). The first day we spent in Fantasyland and the second we spent in the rest of the park. We saw both the day and night parade and they were both amazing. We saw the Frozen Christmas Tree lighting and then it actually snowed (not sure how they made it snow but it was cool). The people were very nice. The fireworks display was great. We visited Disney World last year and it was very big and crowded and very long lines. I'd rather come to Disneyland Hong Kong any day. Recommendations: get the 2 day pass, great value. Buy the photo pass, the photographers spend more time posing you and they are everywhere. We got a ton of pictures!
Awsome place to visit, specially with kids. Plenty of rides which will keep them busy through out the day. I would recommend to take 2 days tickets as in 1 day you will not be able to cover entire Disneyland.Secondly don't miss the Parade and fire work show.
We were a bit unsure at first on whether to go to Disneyland or not as we are three students in our mid 20's and read some reviews that it was more targeted towards younger kids. This IS true; it might be more fun for the younger kids but we all still had a blast! We were at Disneyland from 12:00 noon till 8:30 PM and think that it was the right amount of time. My friends got a bit tired towards the end, so maybe spend less time if you have less stamina! There were several great rides for all ages (Space Mountain, Buzz Lightyear, RC Rider, and Big Grizzly Mountain) and of course some riders for a much younger audience but we still went on them! We also watched Elsa lighting up the Christmas tree (Christmas Special), the parade and of course the fireworks over Sleeping Beauty Castle.We'd 100% recommend bringing sunscreen (as the sun gets pretty strong!), your own food and water (as of course they are stupidly expensive inside) and getting a good rest the day before so you have the energy to spend the day running around!Overall, we had a great day and I would recommend it to anyone going to Hong Kong.
The park is old and small. It feels like being in a normal American makeshift funfare than in a Disneyland. Majority of the crew members do not smile and look unhappy with their job and role. Food is expensive and lacks variety. Everywhere you go, the park is a vacuum cleaner that keeps wanting to suck up your money instead of bringing joy and fun. It should not be named a Disneyland at all. The worst of all Disneylands that I have visited. Don't waste your money and time on this HK Disneyland and visit a real Disneyland in Tokyo, California, Orlando or Paris. This is NOT a DISNEYLAND !!!
Excellent place is not only for Kids but for all ages. All attractions are unique in nature and interesting. The most fascinating is Fantasy land followed by Tomorrow Land and Adventure Land. The most beautiful is Disney Parade and Firework Show over Sleeping Beauty Castle. Everything is Brand Disney starting from shows to people and feel. Great land for kids and memory to be cherished.
Maybe I'm spoiled by disneyworld Orlando but this place was very small and DEFINITELY did not have the Disney feel. Cast members were just doing their job and after waiting 10 minutes in line to get our picture taken with a character we were told she needed a break. Fair enough but the Chinese person behind us just went up and spent the next 1 2 minutes taking pictures with the character. When I questioned the cast member when they allowed that family to take pictures after denying us I got the typical blank stare that I am used to in Shanghai. If you live in China and your kids haven't been to Disney and you don't want to go to any of the other disneys then I guess I would say go. If you have any other choice I would explore it first. If you don't live in the Asia pacific area I would recommend staying away as between how small this Disney is and how rude Asia people can be (its the culture and not a personal thing) I think your vacation time is better spent elsewhere. The only good thing I have to say is that from 10:00 12:00 we didn't wait in any lines so I would recommend going as early as possible,
Please add more buses to the city center as all of the people went home at the same time after fireworks.
This is my 2nd time here. I am just a big kid when I am at Disneyland. Hong Kong Disneyland is the best by far. I've been to USA and Tokyo and HK is better than the rest. It's adorable to enter, food is affordable, never super long lines and place is super clean! Maybe not the biggest of all the Disney parks but hey, always a happy day at Disneyland! I highly recommend for all!!!!
It   s been 7 years since I and my husband last went to Hong Kong Disneyland. Still remember that was August month and also a very hot month to visit Disneyland. This time we returned again and it   s the kids    and my sister in law   s family first trip here. So we are travelling in the group of 9 people consist of 2 family     4 adult and 5 kids ( age 2 7 years old). We really were so blessed with great weather during our stay in Hong Kong! The weather was fantastic! Cool breeze, clear blue sky, sunny days! But it will turn very cold during the night time. For my point of view, November month is best month if compare the month of August    hot and humid Through my experience, there are some tips to share: I   d personally recommend exploring HK Disneyland over two days, because you won   t be able to cover all areas thoroughly in a day with the young kids. The kids would like to enjoy everything, go on certain rides again and again, and rest after few hours play. I recommended to stay in Disneyland Hotel if you travel with the young kids. Even we stayed 2 night over Disney Hollywood, we still can   t cover all the park.    Buy your HK Disneyland in advance to prevent queue. It is much cheaper buying Disney ticket outside which you may get free gift or discounted dining voucher through agent  If you are in Malaysia you may buy the ticket through Airlink travel website which is Disneyland authorised agent. I get a very good deal the moment I bought the ticket through this agent     FOC Macau ferry ticket and also buy 1 free 1 dinner voucher. ( value HKD350 per person)    Always check HK Disneyland   s Daily Calendar before you visit the Park, just in case there are some updates and other info ( example some ride might be close early or temporary closed) that you can find out in advance ( through Disney website) before your trip there. Understandable, there are no food and beverage allowed inside Disneyland but when we were there, we   re trying our luck to bring in the clear water and some cookies. The cast member is mindful allowed us to bring some cookies and each person a water bottle inside without a question. Also understandable the food in Disneyland is pricey and it   s ranging about HKD 98 180 depends which set you are choosing and the food taste    . YUCK! Either the rice is uncooked or the chicken is damn cold. We don   t mind pay for the pricey food and thought choose to dine Chinese food is healthier than the western food (burger,fries and fried chicken) but guess we were wrong, eat fried chicken with fries is better and cheaper. Even the small kiosk food is better.  Always visit Disney park during week day (possible from Monday to Thursday). During our first day visit (Thurday) the queue and crowd are manageable but for the 2nd day (Friday) we are surprised with the huge crowd although we reach Disneyland on time (10.00am open). Always plan your day which park to visit and so on. For the first day, we went to Main Street , Fantasyland and Tomorrowland and for the second day, we go the rest of the park. I noticed that Gizzly and the Mystic Point crowd is lesser than the other park. Might be these two park   s ride are more suitable to the older kids and adult.Other than the food issue we had, overall our visit in this Hong Kong Disneyland is enjoyable.Have a great Magical day!
My children are 10, 9, 5 and 3 and they all loved it. Even as parents we enjoyed it as well.As the park was designed with Chinese people in mind, you'll find that younger children can go on the more thrilling rides.My 3 year old was talk enough to go on Space Mountain for example. There are some limitations in height and weight, so some of you taller or heavier folk may have challenges.We struggled to find vegetrian food, but the Main Street diner had the widest choice. Although popcorn, fries, etc were available.The park is relatively small, on par with the UK theme parks, so on a quiter dat only on dat is needed. If you go on a busier day (Chinese public holiday or weekend) it may be worth considering a two day ticket.Catch the parades, they are fun and stay late for the fireworks but be aware that the park and shops close soon after, so it will be busy on the MTR.
Better reach here on a off day or working day or else I am sure there must be huge queues for everything don't miss on any of the shows or parades they are spectacular
Wonderful place for both adults and kids..it takes at least one day to see the whole place.do check the weather before you go so that you get to enjoy more.
1. A place like Disneyland mesmerizes both kids and adults alike.2. The tricky point is getting the pictures clicked or meeting the Disney characters. Mostly there would be long queues and after spending half an hour waiting the volunteer may come and tell that meeting time is up.3. Make sure to have Disneyland map and timings for various attractions and prioritize what you want to see first.4. Food is not allowed inside Disneyland and the stalls and eateries inside are very expensive.5. Must see  It   s a small world
I went there and forget to bring a dozen pieces of Steam bunI have to left it at luggage service it's cost 90 HKD. No coin locker. They charge 90 HKD with every size then it's not fair compare with other place that have a coin locker that you can pay by size and by time
Since last year, we have been trying to make a trip to HK Disneyland from Beijing on my son's birthday as Disneyland is our favourite destination around the world.But the encounter on this day might have change our point of view about HK Disneyland.It was little past noon on the 27th of November when we go on the carousel in Fantasyland. Right after the ride was over, my little son ask if he can ride again and refused to get off the horse as any 3 years old kid having too much fun would. So I try to explain to him that it is not permitted and we have to get in line again. At this moment, I caught one of the attendants approaching and I turned to my son and said:  You can ask the lady here if you can ride again. I was expecting the young lady to use the normal friendly Disney attitude to explain to my son that he needed to lineup if he wants to ride again.But instead, she put on a stern face and said:  Of course NOT! At this point, although a bit surprised, I was still thinking that she was putting up an act for me.So I turned to my son and said:  See, you cannot ride again. Let's go find mommy. As you can imagine, my son started crying immediately.What happened afterwards was truly unbelievable for Disneyland.Instead of helping me a least bit to comfort my son, this young lady turned to me in a very rude manner and asked me:   You need to bring him down from the horse, and hurry up! In hindsight, it is very possible that this young lady has mistaken that I was asking to take the ride again. But I must say, even if that was her understanding, was that the way Disneyland treat a 3 years old birthday boy? What happened to the happiest place on Earth?I did not want to make a scene immediately since my son was with me. But I have managed to report this incident afterwards to the gentleman operating the ride at the said time. This whole exchange was conversed in Mandarin, and it made me suspicious if it was her bias against Mainland customers? I am a Chinese US citizen born in Hong Kong. No matter what her excuse was, I found it a truly shameful day for both my favourite destination and my birthplace.
Perfect choice to take your children and have the whole day enjoying the trip to Disneyland Hong Kong, it is small but anyway it has the same fun than USA, you can use the subway station that HK has which is excellent, from Kowloon to Lantau island and then you can see the map where mickey mouse symbol is shown.
Well, its a bit like a small copy of the Paris one and unfortunately was a heavy raining day. But Disneyland is always Disneyland!
If you have small children then this is ideal as there is plenty to keep them occupied. For the older Disney fans it really is very small from the castle to the rides on offer. It is still true Disney though with the Dumbos , parade and characters out and about. Would recommend going mid week as there were few queues and it only took a few hours rather than the whole day.
Hong Kong Disneyland is accessible via the MTR with a dedicated Disney train from Sunny Bay Station.We arrived early and there was a short queue where bags were inspected by security prior to reaching the ticket gantry.Some advice   For those who purchased entry tickets from websites and printed them out for use at the ticket gantry   They are good as long as the bar code is readable. Secondly if you have also purchased meal coupons from these websites, go to the customer service counter OUTSIDE of the entry points to redeem your food vouchers prior to joining the queue to get into Disneyland or else you will have to come out, redeem your vouchers and join the entry queue again. Lastly, if your kids do not require tickets to enter because of their age, do be ready to present proof of their age, for example their passport. Or else they will ask you to buy a ticket before they allow your child in.Hong Kong Disneyland is filled with many different areas and it will take a whole day to visit the entire park. Your kids will love it! We can't wait for the Iron Man attraction to open up in 2016.The park is stroller friendly, you can also rent one there. Entry tickets and meals coupons can be purchased from websites to help reduce the cost.A great place to visit!
We were so tired after the night procession and were glad we managed to get seats at the Corner Caf   at the Main Street for dinner. The seafood spaghetti in lobster sauce (HK179) was so good. I think the price is justifiable for the food quality in a tourist place.
Small attraction in Hong Kong, considering this is a Disney  Not to many attraction are available. The park is designed to develop Dinsey brand on children, and has very limited options for adults
My wife and I (then engaged) went to Hong Kong Disneyland in 2006, just a year after they opened. This year, for our anniversary, we came back to Hong Kong. All the things you could find fault with the old Hong Kong Disneyland are gone, and this is every bit the classic wonderful Disney experience! Rides and shows are adapted seamlessly to English, Cantonese, and Mandarin. Characters are everywhere. The fireworks and parades are incredible. Go in order to be immersed in the world of Disney!
Good and fun as many games for families . Attractive buildings and decoration for taking photos. Will go again and try to stay the hotel.
We were very disappointed with the service at the souvenir shop. We bought mugs and after paying asked the cashier if he could pack it in a box or bubble wrap and all he could respond was do you need a bag despite explaining to him (in Cantonese) we were travelling by plane. After much argument, he reluctantly takes out the bubble wrap to wrap the mugs . What disappointing service for Disneyland. Furthermore the water coolers at the entrance was rusty and filthy. Also we had to queue for 2 hours before we could take a picture with Mickey and Minnie. May be more time efficient if they had more stations for the photo taking as the 2 hrs wait included 4 rounds of Mickey and Minnie going in and out to  change . A waste of time for visitors.
If you have been to Disney World then this will surely not live up to the same expectations, however, we are not in the USA. This park does the trick for kids but adult rides are limited.
The park is looking a little tired and staff just go through the motions for the sake of efficiency.
Definitely tamer than Disneyland Los Angeles, but still overall a nice place to spend the day. Bring an umbrella! It will probably rain, but only in short (though sometimes intense) bouts.
Earlier this year our family visited DisneyWorld, in which we enjoyed. We knew that Hong Kong Disneyland is the smallest in the world, so we didn't expect a lot.We where pleasantly surprised.Our family enjoyed Hong Kong Disneyland more then Disney World. The main reason is far less people.Our kids could ride the same ride multiple times. We could see shows and be right up front for the parades.Disney is Disney. They are the best at what they do, and in Hong Kong there is no exception.Also getting their is every easy. We took the MTR. In Disney World it took us about and hour to park our car.Here are some tips:1 Go on non peak, mid week day. Less people will mean you will be able to do more.2  The Park will open at 10am, but nice to go a little early. There is some cool Statues and a awesome fountain outside you would like pictures off.3  Bring water but no food. They allow you to bring water, but not food.4  food cost a lot, so bring money.5  no selfy sticks allowed, so don't bring them.6  You will only need one day if you go when there are no crowds.Enjoy and have a great time.
The HK Disneyland is situated in a large area, it has a lot of attractions for every folk, many theater activities, road shows and a lots food, the tourist can stay in hotels in the same vicinity. A must visit place for children and tourist, the fireworks at the end of the day take away all the tiredness otherwise the person feel exhausted.
one can opt for day visit here or stay at the disney hotel. either ways the expirience is awesome. time management is essential to see all the major attractions, parades and the final firework shows.tip 1: theres an afternoon parade and a evening night parade. there are few areas from where one can view these parades, by standing or sitting on the roadside. note the timings and areas on enteringthe disneyland from the ticket counter. this can help plan your visit.tip 2: try to catch the evening parade at the area which is also the fireworks viewing area. it is worth while to watch the evening parade around 7   7.30 pm from this area and then immediately occupy good viewing points for the firework show around 9.00 pm. its worth not seeing anything in between so that you have the best seats for the firework show esp if you are recording it.try to catch up on all rides in morning or afternoon so that evening you can keep free for parades and fireworks.good restaurants here and great souvenir shops. great photo ops with all major Disney characters.
Located on reclaimed land in Penny's Bay, Lantau island, it is a wonderful theme park. It is very easy to reach by MTR. Tickets are priced a bit high but this park promises you memorable time. Must for any visitor to HK.
This is a small Disney park, we were there on weekdays and hardly any ques at all.   Only drawback is   terrible food. The kids loved the park. Spent two days   no stress and could take our time and do everything.
What can I say, you're never to old to go Disneyland. Even if you dont go for the rides etc make sure to be there for all the parades during the afternoon and the final one at night. Do not, I repeat DO NOT miss the closing where the light and fireworks come out to play and amaze you.I noticed that they make sure every day in Disneyland is a special day so you wont feel like you're being shortchanged by a tired Cinderella or so.
I've went to Hongkong with my friends. We had a stroll around the city and I have to tell you it was magnificent especially the peak, I would definitely recommend you to go there and went to Disneyland just recently and I just couldn't resist crying especially when the fireworks came off it was so amazing! It's like all of my childhood memories of Disney movies came true. It felt like they were real. The rides were amazing as well. I am that kind of person who doesn't love rides but I kind of changed my mind the moment I went on with it. It was all worth it and I was really excited because the next day we left for Hanoi, Vietnam
Disney is a magical place that can transform you back to your childhood . There were some great adfitions from the time we last visited , like the paint the night parade, new character additions to the park , frozen lighting of the christmas tree and the amazing new and improved fireworks show.Even the old attractions are still good and magical , the festival of the lion king is still at its amazing best .However be aware of the crazy prizes for food and drink and even and even water . All in all it was a amazing magical experience.
I'm a huge Disneyland fan so I had to check this out. It was real easy to get here. It has its own mtr line off of the Tung Chung line at sunny bay. There are signs everywhere on how to get there. I went at the perfect time on a Monday and Tuesday and the park was not that busy. The longest I waited for any ride was 5 minutes. This park is designed a lot like Disneyland in California. Some of the rides are the same such as the river cruise and space mountain. There aren't as many rides but the ones they have are fun. Just like any theme park food inside was pretty expensive and there is nothing nearby outside the park so you pretty much just have to pay. Overall it was a lot of fun. If you have the time and money I recommend checking it out.
Things to Prepare:Make sure you have pre bought the tickets to save time in the line.We went in November but during the day it was still very hot. Be sure to have mini fan umbrellas caps and shadesKnow the schedule of the shows and parade so you could manage to make sure you get to watch.The Lion KingThe Wondrous BookThe 12nn parade in the plazaThe 3pm afternoon paradeThe 745pm night paradeThe 810pm fireworksBe warned that food and drinks could get expensive.
Oh course no way as big as California Disneyland but fun all the same with out the super long lines to wait for rides.Depending on the time of year you go most things only have a short wait. I visited in October and had the added bonus of being able to go back at nighttime for the Halloween side of Disneyland. So much fun and more adult than during the day with all staff dressed in Halloween costumes and makeup. I believe it is also open around Xmas at night time so worth the day trip out to Lantau Island. Plenty of accommodation options or stay in Hong Kong and commute using the MTR system. Super easy.
Sneaked in here by sparing an extra day and the trip was worth it. Lot of queue for the tickets but managed to get in. I loved   space mountain  and  jungle river cruise  the best among all.  Its a small world  beautfully demonstrates all about the world is made of and different cultures. Best food available , even veg food is mouth watering.
We arrived early in the morning with tickets already purchased online. All the rides (no shopping yet) were practically covered within 4 hours. The more exciting rides were like: big grizzly mountain, space mountain, RC racer in Toy story, mystic manor...Long queues were: the many adventures of Winnie the pooh, jungle river cruise, autopia.. Watch out for the shows. Long and rowdy queues. Honestly they should have proper lines for queuing even in the waiting area before the shows start. Plenty of time to shop after the rides, even after the parade fireworks at night. So save all the bag spaces for the rides; I didn't want to carry all those heavy stuffs while taking those rides.And they will have an Iron Man Experience coming up in 2016. Can't wait!
Went to HK for the day, 1 day was enough. The park is smaller than disney world in Florida. I was there in Nov 2015. I can't imagine the heat in the summer. The lines to meet the characters were long, mickey was 2hrs...I did manage woody and buzz. The parades were good, but expect a lot of standing in one place to hold your spot. The rides were tamer compared to USA. I did ride the runaway train. easy coaster. space mountain was a direct copy.Good for 1 day one time.
The smallest Disneyland I have seen but all of the Disney Feeling is catching you right behind the Entrance!   Enjoyable and family designed.  The big different to the US Parks is also that your feet won't be hurt in the evening..
This Disneyland is a heaven especially for small kids. 4  kids would enjoy like anything. There is a lot of walking to be done but stollers are available. Also, fast passes are available to avoid looooooong queues. Dont miss the parades being held at 15 30 and 19 30. Its quite a spectacle. Also the fireworks show at 20 30 is awesome and not to be missed. The Mickey Philharmagic 3D show is mind blowing. All the other rides and activities in various sections like Fantasyland, Tomorrow land, Adevnture Land, etc. are also great!
The kids were so excited when I told them we were going. It was so much fun, especially the Lion King show. I didn't manage to see everything, so I'll be flying back to Hong Kong this December!Some tips:1. Come on a weekday. Most locals have annual passes, so the weekends are very crowded.2. Come early. HK disneyland opens at 10.30, so be sure to come early as there is little to none people inside.
Our main destination, is to visit Hong Kong Disneyland for our daughter who always love Disney Princesses. It was just a dream that we never thought that would possibly happened to us. And being at the Disneyland makes us feel like a child again. The place was so entertaining. From riding at the Disneyland MTR to the main gate and inside, it was full of fun and excitement. Perfect for Family get away and unforgettable experience. The people was so nice, the decoration, everywhere is colorful....there is no such corner that anyone will get bored....it's an amusement park and it was totally perfect! We'll surely coming back again!
Went on Wednesday, early November, low season (strongly suggested weekdays). Nice as not many visitors. Perfecr weather and temperature (about 24 to 28 degree Celsius). We had the Winnie the Pooh rides x 2 with just 5 minutes waiting. Some other rides (Small world, car rides) not even waiting needed. Booked ticket using Klook. Hassle free. No queuing up for ticket required. Bought food voucher too. Worth the money.Brought own stroller, important for baby to have a nap. Can almost complete the whole Disney land in a day.
Felt like a kid again. My daughter loved the food and the rides. She can appreciate everything now since she is 8yrs old.
I took my daughter to Hong Kong Disneyland for her 16th birthday, this was her very first time and she loved it.We only had the one day so we tried to do as much as we could. We arrived when the gates opened but we still missed out on a few things so I would suggest at least 2 days so you are not in a mad rush like we were, especially if you want photos with the characters as the lines are extremely long and can take at least an hour.I have been to Disneyland California and Hong Kong is slightly smaller and missing a few rides like my favourite Finding Nemo Submarine. tI maybe smaller but it was just as magical.Unfortunately it rained in the afternoon so the main parade was called off but luckily they had a replacement   'Mickeys Rainy Day Expres's which was great to see from under our raincoat hoods lol.We missed the fireworks due to rain and cold but we had a magical day regardless.Toy Story Land was our favourite and so colorful.We even got to meet an awesome guy with the same name of the town that we live in which we thought was funny :)If its your birthday head over to City Hall and collect your birthday badge and you will be wished Happy Birthday everywhere you go.
Upon riding the MTR. the train is Disney inspired already   mickey!! There are lots of rides and attractions inside Disneyland, and don't miss the Disney Family too! They are everywhere! tips! !) wear a comfy shoe. you need to walk for miles! 2) Bring water bottle. Dinking fountain are everywhere but to keep you hydrated all the time, grab your own bottle to quench your thirst anywhere. 3) Bring an umbrella, wear sunblock. The sun is hot, swear! 4) Bring extra clothes if you sweat a lot 5) Start at 11 AM! :) Catch the parade at 3PM and the Fireworks at 8pm   its magnificent! recommended for family with kids ages 7 up! :)
Its done beautifully ! A lovely place to be. Don't miss the 'Lion King Show' and the 'Wondrous Book of Mickey Mouse'. Spend atleast 2 days a this place to make the most of it. Stay in one of the Disney hotels for a good experience.
One of the best place we have visited, the movement you entered it takes you to the Disney world one had seen in comics and cartoons. Reaching disneyland is very convenient, MTR from sunny Bay is at every 5 10 minutes. Entire atmosphere is different and absolutely loving inside the park. The characters such as micky, Donald, guffi, selpping beauty, cindrela etc are looks so real. One can take pics with all the characters absolutely free. Total 7 lands inside, all of them are unique and entertainment. Food inside the park is costly which is quite obvious. Boat journey in adventure land is really amazing. The afternoon and evening parade in main street USA is much watch. One must must visit if landed in hongkong..
It's a fantastic place to take your family and really geared towards the younger kids. If you are someone who loves the thrill rides at theme parks then you might have to pick another as most of the rides there was family friendly.
I fell in love. We went on a Thursday and we found the longest wait for any ride was JUST 2 MINUTES. Was not very busy.   Food option carts are limited. Slightly bummed about that.
Having been to Disneyland in California and Disneyworld in Florida, I was expecting a fairly similar park in Hong Kong.......the atmosphere is the same but the park is certainly not as big nor does it contain many decent rides. Food and souvenirs very overpriced. Overall a nice experience for our friends who have never been to a Disneyland, but for us, being able to compare, we weren't fussed
It is the best theme park I have visited. Awesome rides for children and also for elderly people .food served was excellent In taste and in quality. Awesome firecrackers show in the evening . At evening the complete theme park was looking like a dream park. Awesome place.
As old as I am i love disneyland and Hong Kong Disney didn t disappoint I spent a full day there and still didn t see it all The light show at night musn t be missed it was spectacular A place for all ages
Lovely place, where childhood memories meet Asian overlay. Legitimate even if not 100% authentic. Tried very hard to mimic the Anaheim original. Kids had a tremendous time. Expensive, certainly, and some of the queues were out of control, but mostly welcoming and very do able with young kids.
We were blown away with this theme park. We visited with our 3 children ( 6, 4 and 18 month) and it was a magical experience! Took the Disney train from the MTR and paid 11 hkd per child and 22 hkd per adult, ( one way) ...think it's the best way to get there, would recommend as was super quick and easy. We bought discount tickets on Klook and avoided the lines. Our highlights ( according to the kids) were tarzan boat, mickey mouse 4 D show was exceptional, space rollercoaster, lion show and it's a small world ride, parachute ride, Disney parades ( day and night as they are different) . Went on Tuesday so lines were good with not more than 15 min waiting time. Would highly recommend eating fish and chips at grizzly gulch as most value for money in the park! Only ride that baby and 4 year old could not go on were the roller Coasters otherwise all else were allowed! We stayed until the fireworks display until the doors closed as we didn't want to go home...truly a unforgettable family experience!
I have been here for few times...  This trip fall in rain and not much presentation from Disney  Enjoy the food in chinese restaurant  We have selected few set menu   Also having tea time there
You pay an entrance fee and then you have to queue for any ride!!! eventually you end up speding time and money in the stores...
If you like these sort of venues then this is well worth going to... expect the Disney experience given to you in a really nice way!My children are spoilt and go here every year with their cousins and after many many years they still just love it!I would say if you can make it a family couple of days   worth checking into one of the hotels, enjoy the hotel as well as stay to watch the night parade and fireworks without having to struggle back to your hotel in town.Thanks to Hong Kong transport it is pretty easy to get to via MTR or bus but if you have tired children at the end of the day, the stroll (or shuttle) back to a nice clean hotel room is certainly worth the extra investment... you can then wake up for breakfast with characters of Disney   something that tops off a nice experience for the children!
I am personally not a theme park person. But went here anyway to celebrate my son's 10th birthday with the family. We (my husband and I) were pleasantly surprised with how fun a theme park can actually be, that we really really enjoyed ourselves! My younger daughter had the time of her life! We had a blast going with them in the rides and shows    our hands down favorite was the 5D Show and the Mystic Manor. Disney production is just the best.We arrived 1 pm and to our surprised, we were hungry even though we ate when we left our hotel in TST. Since it was our son's birthday, we decided to have a proper meal at Corner Tree and sit everyone down for a meal. The meal was filling but not really that deliciously. And of course expensive. I asked the server if they have something for birthday celebrants and she said, she'll see what they have. We were already about to leave when they gave my son this sundae with candle on it. It was nothing much, but was well appreciated. It was drizzling the whole afternoon but I guess that is better than going through the park in sweltering heat. I was praying though for the rain to stop so there will be a parade and fireworks. Good thing at about 7pm, the rain finally stopped and answered my prayer. Great production    both the parade and the fireworks. In terms of wait time, well, it varies from one ride to another. Shortest was about 10 mins and longest was about 35 mins. Didn't bother falling in line for the character shoot. Btw, we went on a Friday so I guess it will be different on weekends. There were also no Mainlanders that cut the line so that was blessing, as I dread that. I also bought our tickets through the hotel so we do not have to fall in line when we get there.Overall, we will be back in Disneyland. Maybe not in Hong Kong, but yes to Disneyland ;)
One day is not enough when you are travelling with small kids. they usually want to take their sweet time. Water is expensive at 28 HK$. Make sure you don't go during peak season so you will have shorter lines at the rides. The parade did not dissapoint. The river cruise is only nice during the day.
Great fun there i wont catch a taxi here id go by train it literally 90%cheaper and very easy to use i went solo but would be a great place for kids under 15
Overall it is a very good park for a day. It can be comfortably completed within a day if the visit is well planned and structured. There are 2 3 rides for adults, rest all shows and rides focus on kids and family. Photo opportunities with Disney characters are a must especially when you have kids with you. Even though Ocean Park in Hong Kong is huge as compared to Disney land there is some feel good factor about Disneyland. Packed foods like biscuits, wafers, etc can be carried to the park.The park consists of six themed areas: a. Main Street U.S.A. (No rides or shows, Area for Shopping and Fireworks show) b. Fantasy land (Key area for kids     Rides, shows and Disney character meet and greet)c. Adventure land (Festival of the lion king show, cruise and an Indian restaurant)d. Tomorrow land (Attractions like Space mountain)e. Grizzly Gulch (Small area with 2 attractions   Includes Runaway Mine cars)f. Toy Story Land (Rides for adults     RC Racer as well as kids     Dog spin, Parachute drop)Best Shows:1. Festival of the Lion King at Adventure land 2. Winnie the Pooh at Fantasy Land3. Mickey   s Philhar Magic at Fantasy LandBest Rides1. Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars2. Space Mountain
The MTR makes Disneyland easy to access and we had a great November Wednesday here! I specify the month day as there were hardly any lines and we arrived at 1pm and had time to do everything we wanted to do and more! The parade was beautiful and there were no lines for most of the rides. Great day, wonderful park!
Hong Kong Disney land is the worst Disney that I have visited. The total land area is so small, the attractions are so little. The whole place is so crowded. The crowds there are noisy and disorderly. This place have no Disney Magic at all.
Just spent 2 days there with the family (kids aged 5 and 7). Planned to get there early and see as much as we could on day1. Plenty to do and 2 parades later we had seen most of the park. Came back on day 2 to see the rest and go on our favourite rides. Plenty of walking to be done and some waiting in line at times. Everything is very over the top as you would expect froma theme park of this type and it brings out the child in all of us. On the down side was the monopoly on food and drinks etc and the high prices of these.The kids had agreat time and I'd recommend the experience.
Something or other for all. River cruise is the best part of Disney. Mystic manor is also equally good. Disney parade at the end is worth to remember.
I enjoyed my day at Hong Kong Disneyland. Easy to get to from the city center by taking the MTR directly. The park was not very crowded and was clean throughout. Having been to multiple Disney destinations, it was fun to see the different versions of attractions in this park.
Disneyland is an experience, brings out the child in even the more mature ones! It is very nicely laid out, things are very organized. The staff is very friendly, helpul and organized. One can do a quick tour in a full day but for those interested in all rides, should take a 2 day pass. We went when the park was decked for Christmas and we were fortunate to see the first day lighting of the Christmas Tree
This is not the only Disneyland I have been to and I have cried when entering each one because of how magical it is! I still cried and it was still a magical experience but I was slightly let down by the rides. We struggled to find rides for teens adults, most seemed to be targeted toward younger children which was disappointing; we spent 90% of the day on space mountain.Overall, still had a great time!
We visited as two adults and having been to Disney in Florida I expected the same. Whilst the park itself was beautifully maintained it is quite small and is geared towards children. There are only two or three rides that are suitable for the older 'kids'   the run away train and Space Mountain. Don't get me wrong we had a good time but it wasn't like Dreamworld in Aus which is suitable for all ages. The optimum age would be anywhere from little children to young teens.As two adults I probably wouldn't go back unless we took our child with us. You can definitely get around in half a day easily.Couple of things that were disappointing, many of the restaurants were closed and some of the sections were closed or closing early for the day.
We only spent 1 day at Disneyland but could easily have done a second day. The night parade is something to see as is the fireworks display. Make sure you convert currency BEFORE you get there. And don't take your selfie stick as they are banned.
This is my 2nd Disney theme park. The one in Paris seems to be bigger. We arrived around 17:00 on Saturday so many attractions were closing. Sadly we missed the sightseeing train. Rides   DOThere are not that many rides in the park; however, we enjoyed the rail track in the zombieland and rc in the space theme area.Rides   SKIPSkip the car riding simulator next to the space area, since the queue is huge and the attraction level below par.RestaurantWe used the Coca Cola corner restaurant: do not go there, better have a small snack or fast food where you do not expect much and save some buck for a great HK places you can find in the city.InternetI hope I just was unlucky to find a wifi hotspot or there was some tech issue; however, I could not find any working wifi zone in the whole Disneyland. Because of that I was not been able to order a Uber which led me to take the taxi    see below.Transportation   taxiWe used a taxi on the way back and the line was not big (like 5 6 companies in the front) however it took us around 30 minutes for the cab to arrive, probably because not that many cabbies are going to that area in the nighttime, so be ready for a long wait OR get Uber (we did not have internet) OR take the train.
I decided to spend my last full day at Disneyland.  They happened to be celebrating the 10th Anniversary of Hong Kong Disneyland.  The experience was great considering I never had the opportunity to visit any Disney park as a child.  I would definitely visit again.
Costly for the foods were really expensive. HKD30 for a popsicle stick! A meal will cost you HKD159! Sad that selfie sticks or go pro 3 way mount is prohibited. On the entrance, foods are confiscated. Bottled waters are fine.The shows were awesome, you will be surprised on how they do such. The rides were also nice for both children and adults. The parade was awesome. There were new attractions such as Mystic Manor and toy Story Land. . Kudos Disneyland!
Young & old..a must show for all ages. Ride to the Disneyland is equally must. The MTR from Sunny Bay to Disneyland is wonderful. The Disney theme starts right when you board the MTR
Getting there on the Disney train is definitely part of the experience and would recommend it. We found it is fun outing for all ages including adults. You will need a whole day. As expected with Theme Parks you always exit through a gift shop that can prove difficult for some children. Ours are used to being told  No  and are old enough to understand that you can buy the same thing for less outside. I think we left with a magnet for the fridge but lots of photos and memories to last a lifetime and big smiles all round!
Our 7yo said it was a dream come true to meet all the Disney characters, great rides for all ages, food is varied yet mostly junk & expensive so bring some healthy snacks to even things out. The highlights for us were the night parade, wow what amazing colours & fantastic dance along music, It's a Small World & Space Mountain were pretty cool too! Spend the whole day there!!If you're not staying at one of the Disney Hotels I'd highly recommend utilising the MTR (Railway system) it's simple, efficient & cheap !
Spent a Magical one day with our child. The rides are fun and Child friendly. The Train is a great way to see the entire Park. Highlights were the Mystic Manor and the fireworks at the end of the Day..
I wasn't expecting to be blown away, but I still think that disneyland was a little too overpriced for what's there. The park is quite small and there's not tonnes to do and see, but maybe I should have gone with kids for a better value day!
Spent one full day in Disneyland, and the magic started from the MTR journey itself. i Would advise to take the MTR with its mickey themed train, as it builds up excitement in kids.We found the q to be long but moved much faster as compared to ocean park which we had visited the day before. Majority of rides were covered in one full day with two parades. the night parade with fireworks is a must see, although it leads to a mad scramble for MTR afterwards, but it was worth it. The shows are a must we managed to catch two of them the lion king musical and mickey orchestra, the musical was magical. My kids are still singing the song 2 months later. I would recommend to take the ticket online or from other outlets before landing up in disneyland otherwise one has to stand in 2 Ques with restless and hyper kids.
My first Disneyland experience. And I am not disappointed! The park looks great and we stayed a whole day. We were lucky enough be come here a day when there wasn't that crowded, almost no long ques. Some attractions are really amazing. The orchestra is my favorite! But there are many things to be seen, even though the park is quite small. If it can grow a little more intense, it would be really excellent!
Was a lovely day, plenty to see. My only gripe is that the train which takes you part way around the park does not go until the park closes. Still had two hours left, and it was closed.
Was here 2007. Was mesmerized. Yesterday, the same magic was on! More rides, more attractions and more to do. Of course this includes a LOT of walking and queuing to go to the attractions but my family with Mr 5 and Miss 2 survived. Prams are very recommend as the kids get too tired by the middle of the day and it's a huge park with so much to do. We loved the Buzz lightyear ride, it's like being inside an arcade game and my 2 y o loved  Its a Small World  where yiu ride a small boat and go through a display of dolls portraying all cultures and countries. Bring food as food here are VERY expensive. Souvenirs and toys are everywhere as well. Staff are friendly but mostly don't speak good English. Nonetheless, signages are effective. Don't miss the Parade at 3:30 pm and of course the Fireworks by Cinderella's castle at 8:30. Very magical. If you're not with a tour like we did, taxis are about HK$170 $200. And again most taxi drivers don't speak much English. It was hard out tiring but definitely a lifetime memory especially for the kids!
Spent a day at Here. Loved every minute of it even at our advanced age of 72 & 74. There definitely is a little bit of 'kid' left in these old chooks. We even stayed for the spectacular fireworks show. Small world was by far my favourite. Did the ride twice. It is worth it to fly in for just one day at this fantastic venue. Would love to take our Grandkids there.
Great place for the kids . Make sure you spent a whole day and waiting for the fireworks show at the night start about 8pm . Ticket is very expensive but worth it
Visiting Disney land is a dream for everyone . though ticket is comparative expensive . and its huge and no battery operated bike or car available so get too much tiring walking by foot . every exit takes you to souvenir shop and it attracts kids too much. ps. don't go there on public holiday and weekend . i went there on sat and it was too crowded . every ride waiting was atleast 30 45 mins. go early so that you can enjoy everything.
My two year old daughter's first trip to Disneyland was a success. At first hesitant with the new surroundings and people, she warmed up after lunch. She enjoyed the sights and sounds at the Small World tunnel ride and loved the Carousel ride. Being a Saturday weekend, there were obviously a lot of people when we arrived that morning. Everything was lovely and pleasant. The restaurant fast food could be improved though. But we loved the food carts. The only thing that was unpleasant was the attitude of some of the people from the Mainland. Even though a line was evident, they still shoved and tried to squeeze their way in front of the lines. Unmindful of the people in the line in front of them. But aside from that, everything else was a wonderful experience for us.
I was quite hesitant to go here at first, but when we got there, there was so much fun things to do! Make sure you don't miss the parade in the afternoon and evening, and also the fireworks show.
I expected the place will be magical like how it is advertised but its not. Only space mountain and Tarzan's place is nice. The experience you'll get is not worth the ticket price, its expensive for what I've experienced and seen. or maybe I just expected more.
We spend a half day at Disney and felt that we needed a bit more time. Took the train and were in awe from the start. Immaculate grounds and tons of souvenir shops. We saw the day and evening parade as well as the fireworks. Worth going to if you have time to spare. If you are on a tight timeline, I probably wouldn't spend the money
Weather is good and halal food is available   Tahitian Terrace & one in Mystic Point.Didn't take much of the rides. Most of the rides makes me puke... rather not spoil my day Overall experience... i still enjoy USS more... but Disneyland however, makes me feel  young  again
Disneyland in Hong Kong is a beautiful park with lots of fountains, flowers and Disney Art work. It was so clean you could almost eat off the pavement. The rides were great and the employees were very nice. The best deal was it only cost me $13.85 (100 Hong Kong)American. One other plus is that they have regular Western toilets instead of Squatty Potties.
We love this place. Available halal restaurant ( taste is so so) . Explorers come out with better menu option and taste better.  We took all rides and watched all shows. You wont regret coming here
has fun rollercoasters and smooth rides for young ones. get to meet your favourite Disney characters there! Do not foget to watch the fireworks display at 8pm!
Wonderful place truly full of magic. Thoroughly enjoyed the two days we spent here, but will admit for my mother and I who are not ride people 2 days was a little excessive. Overall it is a great experience!
Having visited Walt Disney World, Florida and Disneyland, California, this was fun to see. It is a smaller park and on a non busy day, you can get to everything in less than a full day. Totally worth the trip over to Lantau island. Fun to stay at the resort, as Disney never disappoints!
a little bit small compare to another disney, but the attraction are perfect for little kids.  I went there with my family and my niece and she totally love the place.
Definitely this place is for young children and young at heart. The most favorite parts of all of us are the night parade and the fireworks display. it was raining when we visited there   the only thing I noticed is they do not have place to stay in if theres a rain specially i have 4 kids and my smallest is 2 years old.
It is one of the five disneylands of the world and is located in Lantau islands in hongkong. One has to take tung Chung metro line and get down at Sunny bay station to change for Disneyland line. Disneyland is one of the lifetime experience and should be visited at least once in lifetime. The others are in Los Angeles, Florida, Paris and tokay. Another is coming up in Shanghai and dubai. It is huge and have lot of rides, adventures, activities and needs a full day to cover it up. It is good for people of all ages.tourist can take one or two days pass if one needs to explore economically. Be there and have the best in the world
If you've been to Disney parks in the USA, then the Hong Kong park will be somewhat disappointing because it's simply not very big. Unless you're hit with long queues, you'll get through the park easily in one day, doing all the attractions.I went on two mid week evenings during early November 2015 and there were zero queues. (Tip: On empty days, take the single rider queue on Grizzly Mountain to avoid the cattle like queueing systems and head straight for the ride.)Fastpass is only available for Winnie the Pooh and Space Mountain, but were not useful during my visit due to the absence of queues.Some rides were closed (Jungle Cruise), some were being built (Iron Man, Mickey's Storybook) and some close at night (Tarzan). I missed Stitch Encounter because it alternates languages (English, Chinese) each session and the last English one had already started for the evening.The fireworks show above Sleeping Beauty Castle is a good closing to the day's activities, after which you can join the throngs of customers in the Main Street shops.There's a handy MTR train station, which means you can get yourself to from the park from downtown Hong Kong. I stayed at Disney's Hollywood Hotel, but the size of the park does not really justify staying on property. Nonetheless, take a look at the hotels if you have an opportunity... just follow the Park Promenade from the transport hub, or hop on the frequent shuttle buses.
Having always wanted to visit Disneyland this visit to Hong Kong was great opportunity. It was easy to get there by rail with a special station and train from Central. The sights and rides were great with low key ones for people like me and exciting ones for others. The parade was fantastic and I took so many photos. This was the highlight. There was usually only about a 20 minute wait for ride although it was a weekday. Entry was very reasonable and they recognised our Seniors card from Australia then all rides are free. Food places are plentiful. I would love to take the grandchildren back but would stay at the hotel there so we could do it over a couple of days.
2 girlfriends having a ball.  The park is clean, the staff are well trained and the rides are fun.  Doesn't have the same feel as California and there are less rides but still a great day.
This was my first time to visit Disneyland and I must say that I did enjoy every moments of it even though I was alone. This is not only for children but also for adult one like me. It was a magical experience.
One of the best holidays we have been on. The park is quite small but has many zones. Staff and friends and the park is reasonably clean. It was great that western restrooms were available. The  magical  feel of DL wasn't quite there, the atmosphere just wasn't the same. I suppose the culture difference is a factor.
It's great to spend a day in the world's smallest Disney park for a short escape from urban life. Tho it's small, it has all it needs to be a magical kingdom and your legs won't be so soar after.
I recommend to spend a full day. Don't miss the 'Parade' and the Fireworks show at the end of the day. A must watch for everyone who enters Disneyland.
Park is quite small with many zones. Not so many rides which make the queue super long, better plan ahead on which ride has fast pass or which zone you wanna go first. We were there with no kids, so nothing excite us. What I don't like is park seem lack of staff, especially information staff that normally will be around in the park. We only found few of them. Understand that it's a lot of Chinese visitors which make even more difficult to queue   line up but I would expect more management from the park on this.
So magical especially at night. My daughter loves the evening parade, wonderland, and the fireworks. If you intend to avail the rides you must stay longer or avail a two day pass, almost half an hour waiting for every ride. If you want to take pictures with mickey and other characters you must patiently wait too. Visitors must bring extra shirt, sunnies, or hat.
Booked tickets online before leaving home. Easy to access tickets on automatic ticket machine. Everything was amazing. Stayed and watched afternoon and evening street parades. Fully recommend a day to Disneyland.   Easy to take metro.
We have just returned from our trip to Disneyland over the weekend and the weather at noon time was HOT. For those travelling with young children you might wanna bring a hat for them (or even an umbrella). Use your FAST pass if possible to avoid queuing in the hot sun.Most of the rides were suitable for a 3 year old (except those at tomorrowland). Photo taking with Mickey and friends was available all day long (but you have to QUEUE). We were disappointed that there weren't many nice spots for phototaking compared to the one in Tokyo (where you could even go into Minnie's house) where each and every corner was kawaii. Food was expensive! Be prepared to pay at least HKD135 for a set meal. To avoid the crowds at lunch time you may want to go earlier eg at 1130am or 130pm.The street parade started at about 730pm. You'll have to gather early around the main street area if you want to get a good spot to take photographs. It's about 40 minutes so there might be nothing much to do thereafter (if you want to wait to catch the fireworks at 9pm), especially if the kids are already tired after a long day.
Must visit this place when you are in HK. It lets you be a child once again.   This is a very colorful place and the Disney characters are very jolly. Do not miss out the parade at night and the fireworks.
We love the BuzzLightYear Blaster ride, need not to queue for long, interactive, and semi competitive both for the kids and parents. The food is much better than other Disneyland in my experience. But the Turkey leg is still unbeatable, tastes good from California to Florida, Paris to Tokyo.
Please plan for multiple day trip to this place.There are so many things to see that one will run out of time very soon. The 'Shows' are a must watch. The fireworks at night is a must watch. We also like the Lion King  Simba  show.Please plan well so that you can enjoy the most.
A good place to spend the day or two (multiple entry tickets are sold), even though we were just 2 adults, we still enjoyed the stay. My favorite part was the Grizzly Mountain. Make sure to get a map to know where the best attractions are, and know the schedule of their shows   parade  fireworks display.Disneyland has it's own train station connected to Hong Kong's transit system so going there wouldnt be a problem.Bring your own umbrella (for sun rain)
We enjoyed Fantasyland, Toy Story Land and Tomorrowland most.   Kid was disappointed that photo taking with Frozen was only Elsa (no Anna) though.   Queues are shorter that Tokyo Disneyland but with young kids, bring on the distractions with you eg iPad.
My family enjoyed meeting these famous cartoon characters      . The weather was very cool and you must be sure to check their schedule of performances.
abit aged, but still fun and enjoyable.  there're 2 resto serving halal food. one is indian near the Lion King attraction, another one is Southeast asian food near the Mistery Manor attraction.  In the cowboy town also have fish and chips only shop.
We travelled as a family. Excellent place full of masti and thrill. Very well maintained and organised.Rides suited for different age groups. Need at least 2 days. Worth every paisa .
I've been to Tokyo disneyland as well, but I find Hong Kong Disneyland is much more better and it's got the Disney atmospheren in it:)
It rained when we were here. Made it quite difficult to move around with little ones. Still there were lots of visitors meaning we had to queue for a bit for most rides. the rides itself was mostly great. There was a Halal restaurant and a place to pray for muslims which was very good. The staff around the park was very friendly. The kids really enjoyed the parade and the fireworks at the end.
Hong Kong Disneyland is an amusement park perfectly appropriate and suitable for any age group. With all kinds of shows, games, and parades for visitors to feel comfortable. I frequently question Disney's employees, and they answer with great hospitality. No one would be in a bad mood whilst in Disneyland. The sensational food that is served there each has a special theme that will surely exhilarate your tastebuds. The nightly firework show cues that the day has ended and every visitor must exit the premises.
The smallest Disney park in the world is dwarfed by its California and Japanese cousins   which I have also been to   but the rides are just as enjoyable and the crowds are MUCH smaller than larger parks. Even on a national holiday the longest wait we had for a ride was 30 minutes, most waits were 5   10 minutes (if that)
Although smaller than the other disney parks, still a great day out with heaps to amuse you for thd whole day. The nightly  fireworks are amazing.
This is a nice place to have fun with kids. Me and my cousins went here. (10 and 15) year old. It was her birthday so one free pass! Awesome!
Excellent place for Kids   Childrens. Having a kid of 4 years old, we selected this place with a thinking that it will take about 2 days based on the way they projected in their website but we decided based on other commitments that we will restrict 1 day and that proved to be the correct decision.Not a place for 2 days plus considering the limited rides, number of attractions etc. On every ride, we wasted about 20 minutes to 30 minutes and with proper planning or better internal ticketing, disneyland could reduced by more than 50%.On the other side, yes, excellent one and well maintained.Having good connectivity from most of the places by MTR Metro and final stretch with Disneyland train from sunnyland station making it more comfortable to reach and it is hardly 5 minutes walk from the disneyland station.Having good infrastructure and varieties of amusement, displays etc and under 15 years can really enjoy.Price could have been little lesser but still considering of cost of living at Hongkong, it is OK.
The park was OK   more for kids I'd say as the rides were smaller and the park itself was small.  Multiple changes on the MTR meaning it wasn't the easiest place to get to from where we were staying on Hong Kong island.
This is a smaller park than Florida but still takes a day to get round and is as good. The food in the cafe on Main Street was very good and also the bakery on Main Street does a good latte. The two parades where very good and the fire works excellent use the mtr rail to get there this is very easy and train from sunny bay is a Disney theme train
We visited for my daughter birthday in jan. My 2 daughters are 2 and 3yrs old.All attractions are good and i felt its ok for very young kids like mine. Since my kids were tall all rides we tried.most have hight restriction of 90 some have 110.Lion king theme story telling was good.Mistery box was good. We stayed in disneyland hotel 1night and had breakfast with micky. But not worth for money as we gave 40SGD for each of us (kids 20SGD i guess). We have to stand in queue to take photograph with micky and breakfast food doesnot have much option for vegetarians. Just cornflakes,fruits, salad bread, no main food like pasta, rice etc. Hotel room was ok as compared to outside hotel disney land hotel room are good with photos.One can cover disney land in one day and ocean theme park in one would be better option than spending 2days in disneyland.Visitors will get strollers but my kids couldnot sit in that as it is just a plastic board with wheels.very hard one so better take our own stroller.Indian food are available with good veggi choice.All staff knows english. Shopping inside is ok but not great. We baught a disney cup for 110HKD which left color and faded in 6month!.Weather was very cold at night but ok on day time. Open shows like disney themes march at 3pm was very nice with all attractions coming full one round around main area. Firework at night is ok to sit and relax at last.
While this is the 4th Disney theme park I have been too, and granted the one in Paris I went to in circa 2007 (which was somewhat unfinished at the time), this is the smallest. However, having said that, it would still take you more than a day to get through all the rides and activities.My friend and I took our two kids (3yo daughter and 10 year old son) here on the way back to the airport. Children under 3 are free, children over 3 are HK$ 355 (approx A$70), and adults $499 (approx A$98). Disneyland is only a 15min drive to the airport (the airport being a 45 min drive from the city). After checking in our luggage for our flight at Central, we took the train out to Disney, with the last leg being on the Disney train (look out for the Mickey shaped windows). The train arrives at the station, however it is about a 5 10min walk to either the resort or the park.The park itself, has over priced food and drinks (which is not uncommon for any tourist attraction); a decent amount of family friendly rides; a few thriller rides (which are tame compared to any other Disney); stroller hire (approx HK$100   deposit); and benches! (something you don't see much of in Hong Kong). Compared to other Disney theme parks, the rides are tailored to the country   being that they are totally tame despite being listed as  thrill  rides, and as a consequence we found that the line up for these rides were minimal or non existent. I would suggest going on a weekday day if possible, and getting to the park early (opens at 10am) to avoid the crowds who appear after lunch, and then doing the family friendly small children rides first as they are the ones with the long line of adults.Of course being Disney you are guaranteed a few staples: the main street parade; character meet and greets (be prepared for long lines of adults); Disney merchandise stores; 3D cinema; Space Mountain ride; and of course the slow trek (in a wonderfully air conditioned comfort, which is great to escape the humidity) boat around It's A Small World (a song which will be stuck with you for the rest of the day!).Watch out for your little ones, as we found there were a lot of line cutters and those who will push their way through without consideration for the small children, and a lot of people who take photos of your children without asking.All in all though, if you have little ones (I'd say up to about 8 10 years old), its a great full day out.
...I did!Ok, I'm a grown up and I don't have kids. I didn't even want to go to blasted Disneyland, but I really enjoyed it (despite myself)!We took the MTR to Sunny Bay and rode the Micky train to the resort. It's about a 5 minute walk in from the station. We arrived about 10am on a weekday and were straight in with no queue although we had to wait in Main St USA until all the areas opened at 10:30!We didn't see much in the way of queues all day. HKDl is not huge (all the better for the little darlings to get round) so it's kind of easy to see and enjoy. Things:You can ask the staff for stickers for the little darlings (or for you)Don't queue for autopia  it's pantsYou can go back in the same day if you leave (get your hands stamped and keep your tickets). Given how easy it is to get to I'd suggest coming on the morning while it's quiet then leaving and coming back for the parade and fireworks later. There's a schedule board near the roundabout where Main St USA meets fantasyland (right hand side as you walk up). It tells you wants on where. Or go onto the website and find out there. Meeting characters is done in the  land  they are most associated with. Eg Woody in Toyland, Micky and Minnie in Fantasyland, etc. These can draw big queues for the popular characters. The cast actors are brilliant!The whole thing had MASSIVE attention to detail and is all about ensuring kids (big or small) have a magical day. Staff are brilliant and helpful and will take photos of you etc. (Note selfie sticks are thankfully BANNED)!You can take a bag, bags will go between your legs on the rides and small bits go in a pouch in front of you. The whole place feels safe   people were leaving pushchairs (strollers) parked outside rides with all their bags on. Loos are clean, tidy and western. As you'd expect there are baby changing facilities and low down facilities for the kidsThere's plenty of places to get food   it's expensive as with all theme parks. Water is easily found and there are fountains for topping up. It goes without saying there are many many places to get sweet treats. There are lots of gift shops appropriate to the theme of the land you are in. (This is how I ended up with a monkey butler after Mystic Manor   and he's costing me a fortune in bananas)!There's info on the suitability of rides on each ride and on the park map. Disney don't want to break or traumatise you or your kids. Everyone says if you have kids the parades and the fireworks are great. It can get hot. There are lots of shade and fans in most queues and plenty of air conditioned shops to cool off in. The rides are all cool (indoors anyway)!So you should go. Be a kid again for a day (I'm not sure you need a 2 day pass but it depends on how busy it is) and have a brilliant time. Just don't end up with a monkey butler like I did. Of course all my friends are jealous and think it's great but only I know of my secret banana bankruptcy shame... D'oh!!
I had absolutely no idea what to expect as I haven't been to any disney theme parks in the past. However this exceeded all of mine, and my husband's, expectations (we don't have kids so just went as a couple of big kids!)I'm going to try and answer some of the questions you may have if you are also a Disney virgin:1. You can easily take a rucksack  bag on the rides with you and put it between your legs or in the pouch on the rides. I would recommend a small one for your comfort 2. You could take a decent camera too and put it in either a camera case or in the secure areas in front of your legs on the rides. I think the staff would help you if you were struggling3. There are lockers available to store things4. The park is well set up with lots of shaded areas and walk ways between the different zones, it's not too big and would be fine for little legs5. There are lots of food options with a range of styles   cuisines, it's not great for vegetarians though. There are lots of delicious sweet snacks too6. The staff are all really helpful and kind, they will take photos of you as a family   couple, it feels very safe and secure. Even if you are behaving like an over excited wally they'll just snap away and wish you a magical day7. The toilets are plentiful, clean, have western toilets and plenty of loo roll8. There are buggies for families to hire and these are just left outside the rides with all of the belongings on...It feels that safe. You can take your own pushchair.9. Most of the visitors seem to be from Asia and will spend most of their time on their phones and taking selfies (even if they have kids), the kids don't run wild but aren't as well supervised as they are in England perhaps. 10. There are lots of water fountains   spouts around that people use to refill bottles. We took water in and then refilled as required11. It's easy to get there on the mtr (subway   metro) and this is a really good way to arrive with a 5 minute walk to the park12. You can buy tickets in advance, we went on a Thursday, arrived at 10am and walked straight up to the counter (no queues), we went straight through to the park, the zones don't open until 10.30 so you have to stay on a shopping 'street' until then. I wouldn't recommend arriving too early because of this, but it was nice to look around13. There were two parades on the days that we went, there is always one around 6.30   6.45. They looked great but as 'adults' we weren't too bothered about these and used this time to jump on some of the rides! You could ask about these as they're not well publicised14. There are lots of characters around to meet, some have queues and others don't, these are really well done and great for big and little kids alike!15. Most of the rides we got on within 5 minutes of queueing throughout the day though it's definitely quieter between 10 and 12.30. The two exceptions were the autopia (not worth the wait) and the pooh ride, but you can use a priority ticket on these (everyone is entitled to 2 with standard tickets on certain rides), they tell you when to come back and you go straight in. Even so we queued for 15 mins for pooh (well worth it) and 35 for the other one16. The queues are all in the shade (great for someone like me who burns easily) and there are things to see as you queue. The attention to detail throughout is phenomenal.17. The best rides for us were mystic manor (blooming brilliant) and the runaway mine cars in guzzling gulch, I also loved the space roller coaster18. definitely go mid week if you can. We stayed 6 hours and were pooped afterwards. There is lots to see and do, it was smaller than I expected but utterly delightful.I would definitely recommend this attraction. I hope this helps and you have a fabulous day if you choose to go!
I been to Hong kong Disneyland for more then 3 times. always find the place having new things to do all year around. very friendly staff in the park also is connected by the metro
Its a superb place... The best thing is about the metro... They have some special kind of metro for Disney land... N that was a great help when u r in some other country.... The park is superb... Lots of ride n attraction... The only problem is long q,s.... Place a system by which ppl can enjoy rides more then standing in those boating lines.....
Excellent to see all my fav childhood characters and also to ride incrdible rides with them. The express train was also very entertaining as it gave us a 360   view of the park .
Just don't miss the show. Ask for the show time table when you arrive. The best show was at 6.45 it is a disney parade with so beautiful lightning. The fireworks start at 8.00, go to the infront of the castle in the parade area to get the best location.
Best thing was that we enjoyed it ourselves beacuse our daughter enjoyed it too much! It was like a dream for her!
Went there on 31st December and was not disappointed, they put on a great day's entertainment. Loads of cool rides and a totally fantastic procession of floats that was really nice to watch. Not sure what the ride was called but the rollercoaster inside a buidling was in pitch black darkness at breackneck speed and terrifyingly exciting! It is a happy place and it seemed that every single person in there stayed until the end to watch an absolutely cool fireworks display over the castle. Brought back tons of souvenirs and presents and a very nice and personal special memory. Nice to think I been this place.
If you have kids with you then its a dream come true for them. Adults looking for adventure   this is not your place but adults looking for nostalgia   just come to Disneyland and relive your childhood
Have been to Disneyland in LosAngeles and the crazy crowd and long lines and wait times for the rides are tiring. Also tiring is the huge size of the place. So if you dont want to wait in lines for eternity and have fun in a controlled environment take your kids here on a trip! Most rides had a wait time less than 15 minutes giving enough enthusiasm to line up more than once for a few rides! Awesome fun and great with small kids!
Good fun for the kids...they had a blast. however the staff could have managed the crowds better, particularly those who queued to meet the Disney characters i.e. set a limit of number of people queuing to avoid disappointing visitors. Luckily it did not happen to my family but 5 others behind me. Staff did not even acknowledge their presence!Also, do stay for the fireworks! it was awesome!
A dream come true seeing all the Disney character alive it was really a great experience, I will go back if ever I will be given another chance since the place was really great.. the parade of characters was amazing. The ending fireworks was so great it was a very spectacular day.
We visited in Jan 2015 with a 7 and 9 year old. Arrived via the MTR was fast and clean. Not as big as the other Disney parks but we had a great day. We purchased the 2 day passes and returned in the afternoon the next day for the paint the town light parade that was fantastic.
When you come to Hong Kong Disney Land, Don't miss firework at the castle at 08.15 pm. everyday. It's fantastic, so beautyful. I like it.
The best part about this Disneyland is that it has lots to offer for kids below 10 years. Of course, it's a great place for any age group!
Doesn't matter who young or old you are Disneyland is fantastic. Rides and shows are great and the parade at 6.30 pm is incredible. Gardens are immaculate and not a piece of rubbish to be found. The nighttime fireworks show is incredible. Do your homework on the shows and rides and plan your day around what you want to see and do. Only downside is the food is just OK but it is really about the kids and people looking for gourmet food. Recommend going on a weekday   just a few less people to jostle with!
Well its definitely smaller compare to the one in USA or Japan but since in Asia, HK disneyland is the closest so why not? they have very good fireworks at the sleeping beauty castle at night and the rides are all quite fun and most importantly the waiting queue is reasonable around 30 60 mins max. Dont forget to take photo with the disney characters and shop at the disney store.
Having been to Disneyland at Anaheim twice and missed the Mad Hatter tea cups, I finally ticked it off. what a day people watching. Children are the same the world over as are the young adults. The legend of the Lion King, AMAZING, having seen the musical not long before, this downsized version just nailed it and getting the people in and out of the show was an exercise in great people moving.
Went disneyland with my 20 year old son. Reached there at 9.45am and bought our tickets at counter. Rides only starts at 10.30am even though entrance opens at 10am. Anyhow, we spent our time taking photos with some characters. Fast pass are available at two booths only; winnie the pooh and space mountains. We took most of the rides, watched the fun parades and left only after the spectacular display of fireworks at 8pm.
the place offers unforgettable experience for everyone, no matter if you are 6 or 60 years old, with something for everyone to enjoy, highly recommended
A fun filled day for all ages...everyone's happy place. Lots of variety of rides, heaps of restaurants to choose from and many gift shops. Disney train takes you right to to Disneyland from the city.
Hong Kong Disneyland was my first Disney experience and it was a blast! The location of the park was pretty convenient, just a couple of train rides away. I recommend heading there in the morning, while it's not too hot and people are just trickling in. The Disney Hotel breakfast leaves room for improvement, but I didn't go there to eat anyway. Rides have short lines between 1030H to 1230H, and it's also a good idea to skip lunch and just munch on snacks all morning and early afternoon. This way, you escape the long lines for lunch, and have more time with the rides. Win win! Early to mid afternoon can get blistering hot (we went in May) so bring a hat and sunblock. I am not kidding   it gets really hot. Save a bit of money by refilling your water bottle at the numerous water stations near bathrooms. It's not too bad, and my stomach was fine after though of course, every person is different. Line up along the main avenues early to get a great view of the legendary parade. Incredible sights, and if you're from the Philippines, don't be shy to greet our countrymen performing!
2 teenage girls and I travelled by MRT to Disneyland from Mong Kok. Th is is easy and inexpensive compared to taxi or via a tours company.The entry fee is expensive compared to Universal Studios in Singapore. The high cost continued inside with a bottle of Sprite at HKD30 and an average meal at HKD180.There are limited rides compared to other amusement parks in Asia.PositivesWe went on a Wednesday and as such the lines for each of the rides were small with the average waiting time less than 5 minutes.
My family and I went last October 28, 2015. The weather was warm but not hot. The average wait time for all the rides was at 5 minutes.Useful Tips:  Buy tickets from KLOOK for an averafe discount of $50 person. This avoid lining up for tickets.  Bring an umbrella just in case it rains or it get to warm  Bring a water bottle as there are drinking fountains around Disney HK  Rent a stroller for $100   $100 deposit if you are bringing a kid child so they don't get tired of walking  Be at the parade area 30 mins before for good seats  seat at the sidewalk so no one blocks your view   Look for the white line that marks the front for the fireworks for the best view. If not sure as a park attendant.  Take your time walking to the train. Waiting a good 20 minutes after the parade saves you the hassle of pushing for a seat
Spend almost half a day here. Bought the tickets to KLOOK app as it was way cheaper. Hence we skip the line and head to the machine where we exchange the print out voucher to Disneyland tickets. Not much adult rides however it just bring me back to my childhood days, revealing there is still a kid in me. Hehehe.
It is supposed to be the stuff of a magical fairy tale but unfortunately fairy dust and filthy lucre cannot be expected to go hand it hand. I was bummed by the fact that every turn at the park seemed designed to relieve you off your dough (every ride or attraction opens into a themed boutique with overprices merchandise, the food is so costly you'd think you were being served solid gold). And those Photo op ready Princesses with their artificial demeanour, cheap gowns, affected mannerisms, and annoying laughter made me want to hurl. But those are the minuses and pluses there are aplenty.Little girls are going to adore the place even if the magic is not quite there and are even going to insist you join the queue to interact with the Princesses and a host of Disney characters (some admittedly are cute). The rides are ones they will enjoy (Dumbo the flying Elephant, Cinderella Carousel, DIsney train, Its a small world, Adventures of Pooh to name a few) and the parade will make them squeal with joy. There is even Sleeping Beauty's castle, Snow White Grotto, Jungle River Cruise and fireworks which will have them beside themselves with glee.Some of the shows are really good. The Lion King Festival and the Mickey Mouse Theatre were particularly noteworthy. And even I have to admit the grand finale,  Disney in the Stars  Fireworks was absolutely magical!
Good for children, but little fun for foreigner ....can not read understand chinese.....  More ride for teenager as for small children...
Great day out, rides were plenty, train to get there convenient, the wait wasn't too long for the rides and plenty for all ages! Lots of walking, food wasn't that great and it was expensive
Decided to check this place out since I have heard so many people coming here. I wish Hong Kong was not this hot but, it was a great day! Reminds me of LA Disneyland a lot but, just a little smaller.
Easily accessible by public transport! Just take the MTR to Sunny Bay station, from there, you can board the SPECIAL train to Disneyland Resort station. That train has Mickey shaped windows, Mickey shaped grab handles, and even bronze Disney figurines in the train! Before you finish taking photos of everything there, you have reached Disneylaaaaaand!I love how each gift store at every different lands sell different toys, memorabilia, etc. I really have trouble choosing just what i want. One of my favorite ride is Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars at the Grizzly Gulch area. Spoiler: It goes backwards at a certain point. HAHA! Shocking and its fun!Oh, and mystic manor, it may seem like just a quaint building. But, go in. You may be surprised at what you're in for. The first time i came, I totally skipped this attraction at mystic manor because I thought it was going to be boring. This time, my friend recommended me to go in for a look, and we got a surprise.After fantasy land, you may see a place called  It's a small world , there's an attraction which is a cute boat ride cruising by lots of dolls with cute decorations which dresses differently at different points. From paris to japan and even an underwater part. And bonus: They sing  It's a small world  in different languages too! A must see because they really put a lot of effort. And its cute.At Toy Story Land,you have the RC racer ride which puts you into Andy's toycar, which goes to and fro on a track and it feels something like a viking! Also, there's this Slinky Dog Spin ride too at the TSL which is just a ride which goes round and round. Trick is, the heavier friend must sit on the outer seat, to avoid squishing your friend haha!!!Tomorrow land is filled with indoor fun! Nice to shun the sun a bit.From practicing your aim with  Buzz Light Year Astro Blaster  to the enclosed space themed rollercoaster with  Space mountain .Not to be missed are their parades. Do check online or just get the brochures in the park; for the exact time of their night time parade    Disney Paint the Night   . It is beautiful . Do wait along the parade route early to be the first row so you would not have an obstructed view. They also do have an afternoon parade, but i was busy playing the rides and taking photos with the different characters so I missed it.
I went alone cause my friend wasn't that much of a theme park fan. Went on a Saturday, and the crowd was surprisingly smaller than the Tokyo one. Spent about 6 hours in there and I managed to finish the whole park, shopped but only took 2 roller coasters cause they were the only rides with single riders queue hahah. One day might not be enough to finish all the rides with all the photo taking, shopping, parades and queueing. Well, unless you skip some of the really kiddy rides then its fine. I spent one full hour just shopping. Usually they open till late on selected days, 11pm on Saturdays. (Check their website)I'm a disney fan, and I enjoyed my time there even though people have been telling me that it's not worth it and that the park is small blah blah.But would I go again? Hmm, not really. Was quite disappointed with their merchandising too as I was prepared to spend a huge amount of money over there, but their biscuit tins (which I'm a huge fan of everywhere) was not as nice and cute.
Was very disappointed when arrived at Disney Land. Doesn't look like the advertising.  Was not abel to get a picture of my daughter of 3 year with Michey an Mimie mouse. We did a long trip special for this.
I do love Disney parks so I was coming here knowing I would enjoy most of what is on offer. The park is small and seems geared towards children and young families   not much for thrill ride seekers. It opens late   10.30 is definitely geared for those who have lots of preparation to do before they can head out. The park is very attractive, clean and well planned. Grizzly gulch and Mystic Manor are great fun and the parade is fairly good. No crowds when I was there which is a joy as it means lots of time to wander and explore. Not many choices for food on the Thursday so we ate at Tahitian Terrace which was ok. Friday all the food outlets were open so we chose the Explorers Club which was really good. Night parade was great, Fireworks were ok but I wouldn't prioritise them. I had a fun two days and did almost everything the park offers. I didn't feel it was overly expensive but it needs a water ride!
Some of the shows are really good.The Sapce Mountain is a must do roller coaster ride. So amazing that my friends and I did it multiple times.If falling short on trip time, then adults can very conveniently drop disneyland out as it might come across as very childish.
Let me tell you that my experience is a bit skewed after having been to DisneyWorld in Florida and DisneyLand in California. As I was in Hong Kong over a weekend for business, I decided to check out what DisneyLand Hong Kong was all about. The park is very easy to get to, just a couple of train rides from central Hong Kong. On an interesting note, I was approached by two young women on the train for a picture. It wasn't until later did I realize that I, myself, was a bit of a tourist attraction, being a tall, white American male. Anyway, the park is typical of Disney quality. I will warn you, however, that you can probably go through the park and rides in a 1 2 day or full day depending upon the crowd size. There were a number of rides like  Its a Small World , Space Mountain, and others. However, if you're expecting the size and ride availability as the Disney parks in the US, you will be disappointed. The staff was friendly, the park was clean, and I had a nice time, but you're probably looking at a day (max) at the park.
We took the subway to HK Disney which is very convenient and inexpensive. Before the entrance is a big fountain with characters on it, like Mickey on a surfboard moving up & down. We knew we could get tickets at any 7 11 and other various places, but they told us we would have to exchange the receipt for tickets at the park, so we opted to get the tickets at the park, that was a mistake. the ticket line was one of the longest we encountered there, on the other hand exchanging a receipt for tickets could be done at any kiosk, most of which were unoccupied. Speaking of tickets the price is a good bit lower than the parks in the USA, especially if you happen to be a senior (65 or over) where the price come to about $14 US for a day, almost makes the long trip worth it. There are seven areas: Main Street, Fantasyland, Adventureland, Tomorrowland, Grizzly Gulch (HK version of Frontierland), Mystic Point (a land formed around Mystic Manor a unique attraction that replaces Haunted Mansion), and Toy Story Land. Our first stop was Grisly Gulch to ride Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars, the park's version of Big Thunder Mountain Railroad, but there are more animatronic figures and at one point it goes backward. Nearby is Mystic Manor, even though it doesn't have a fast pass, it must be considered it the high point of the park, the story concerns a mischievous money who steal an ancient amulet which brings things to life, some are rendered with animatronics, many are projections on walls, overall extremely effective. We also visited the nearby Mystic gardens which has some cool sculptures configured as puzzles. Toy Story Land has giant figures based on the film and a few standard rides repurposed to match the theme. We rode the Toy Soldier Parachute Drop just like drop rides and many other amusement parks. While we were there we saw green army men practicing a drill, and barking orders in English. We then attended a Broadway style show The Golden Mickey's Presented in Disney   s Storybook Theater. This is an OK show with lots of singing and dancing. Except for the entrance area, Small World is just like the Cal  counterpart incl  the stylized figures from Disney films. Jungle Cruise is definitely advanced over the ones in the USA, there are some new figures, underwater explosions, fire and a part with a projection of crawling bugs we had the option to ride with the pilot speaking English. Nearby was Leaky Tikki, a series of Tikki statues which shoot water, a welcome relief on a hot day. Festival of Lion King is a stripped down version of the stage show at WDW. Mickey Philharmagic s just like the one at WDW, including being in English. The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh is basically the same unimpressive version that is in Disneyland. The night brought two shows Disney Paint the Night which is their version of Main Street electrical Parade, with lots of programmed lights which allow costumes to change colors and even display changing patterns, there were truly some amazing displays. And the worthwhile finale    Disney In The Stars    Fireworks a spectacular show featuring pyrotechnics shot from ,many locations around you, and projections on the castle. One of the most impressive fireworks shows I've ever seen. I guess that shouldn't be too surprising as the Chinese invented fireworks. Since the end of the fireworks coincided with closing time I thought the subway would be unbearable, but it wasn't overly crowded.
Visited Disneyland HK around the end of October (weather is much better than summertime visits), it's the cleanest Disney that I have ever visited. I planned our visit on the weekdays, never more than 20min for any of the rides (a major plus). Food is disappointing, Disney itself is smallish yet there is plenty to explore.Overall %100 worth the visit, 1 2 days more than plenty.
Had been to Disneyland with my Family as my son was insisting on visiting the same after we had visited the universal studios in singapore.Nice Place to visit with Family as it is the nearest Disneyland for Indians.Well maintained and organized.Nice shows especially the Lion King Show and the parades in the afternoon & Evening.Highlight of the visit would be the Fireworks at 8PM after the evening parade.Has excellent rides.Adults & children will have a nice time visiting their favourite cartoon characters.Suggestion,Go early and follow a schedule to complete all your attractions in time.Weekdays are less crowded compared to the Weekends.
This is my 3rd time in Hong kong disneyland. Queue up photograph with lovely Mickey and Minnie took us about 1 hours   :) If you want to take all ride in park you have to spend 1 whole day otherwise is not enough time for you. Especially if you take photo together with all star in Disneyland. At least took you 30 45min to Queue for each role... By really have fun!
I think if it will be first time for you it will be unbelievable! From one day we received so many emotions! For me it was fine. Few things, that next time I will do differently: 1. Take a lot of water with you, as prices inside for snack were not a pleasure 2. Take cash local cash with you. 3. Convenient clothes and shoes, as it is quite big area
This is a smaller version of Disneyworld but still a very good option to visit.It is about an hour by metro from the Kowloon Promenade and the metro ticket is around 40 HKD (one way trip).The park is small but it has some rides and roller coasters to try. Also there are some shows and the parade which is spectacular.Personally my favorite  world  was the Toy Story one! :)
Fire works at 9pm was excellent.Raids  space raid and mine raid we enjoyed. Boat raid with real fire on the way..was good.small world was very good.  food we had in Bakery. everything was theme based.Main street was good.  one full day we enjoyed.
Great experience for my two daughters aged three years, rides for them were adequate and there is enough to do to occupy one if not two whole days. Rides for larger children are a bit limited, so keep that in mind.
My wife and I took our 3 1 2 year old (twins) grandchildren to Disney Honk Kong and we were very excited for this visit all together. We arrived early in the day and had a great morning going on rides, seeing Cinderella, Anna and Elsa and Snow White. We then decided to stop for lunch in tomorrow land. As the food in these parks are generally similar we figured anywhere we went the food would be OK. We were not expecting a wonderful meal, however we did expect to find edible food. We ordered 2 fish sandwiches, 1 fried chicken platter and one hamburger. The fish tasted terrible, the chicken was chunked meat, and the hamburger meat was unrecognizable. For almost $80.00 USD$ this meal was a total ripoff. Do yourself a favor when going to HK Disney. Bring your own food.
I used to have the SoCal passport but when they raised the prices and I realized I could literally fly to Taiwan, Hong Kong, and go to Hong Kong Disneyland and back to LA for less than an annual pass, I decided to go for it. The cost is about $62.50 USD for entrance and the train is very efficient to get there. Very similar to the magic kingdom at home but I would say 1 3 the size at best. We went on a Wednesday and it was completely empty by American standards. They have space mountain, small world, autopia and their own version of the rocket jets. They were constructing an iron man ride to be completed in 2016. Being half Asian, I was excited to see a red bean shaved ice drink at their bakery on Main Street! Delicious! They even had churros at their food stands. Unfortunately no corndogs or dole whip though and their turkey legs were quite small. However if you love mango juice and dried squid you're in for a treat! If in Hong Kong and you love Disneyland like me, I would definitely do it. Also, try the wagyu beef burger at corner cafe, a bit pricey but probably the best burger you'll have from any Disneyland park!
Upon entry was told that all outdoor rides will not be available due to Typhoon 3 but what choice do I have because it's the 7th day of 2 Day ticket which I'm holding.To my surprise (forgot actual name) train ride, merry go round, teacup etc are also consider outdoor rides!
this place doesnt need to describe it alot ,cuz its famous from its title & you can imagine what you may see inside it ,its very cool & exciting place & its recommended to visit if you wanna live your sweet memories of childhood back & if you like some cartoon characters & wanna visit it , there are alot to say about this cool place,its really awesome ,must visit it .
As part of my spare sat in Hong Kong it was recommended me to visit this attraction. It is verte well kept up to Disney standards. I recommend to attend of travellinf with chisten,0 as the attractions are focused in kids not in adults.
Hongkong Disneyland offers a unique spectacular experience for people old and young alike. The place is where you can feel you are alive. You will appreciate life when you are there. Busy people, happy faces, food, attractions, rides and fireworks all rolled into one magnifico experience.
After visiting Japan for 10 days and Osaka universal studio for a day, we stopped at Hong kong for a brief period of 3 days and tried to experience the Halloween at HK Disney land. We booked tickets through internet and reached the place at 6.30 pm using public transport. While the destination is easily accessible, we failed to get the feeling of Halloween at HK. The Halloween feel at Osaka Universal Studio took a upper hand. After spending time up to midnight and enjoyed some of the rides and night show, the adventure land for Halloween has been a big disappointment.
Yes, I was warned that this Disneyland is the smallest of them all, but it still took us the whole day there. We went during the weekday, so avoid big lines, so typical for Hong Kong, and we really had great time. However, the shows are in Cantonese, so we were not able to understand it, but overall it was a great Disney experience.
This was my 3rd visit to this Disney Park and as usual I was not disappointed. Plenty of washrooms and garbages around, very clean. We went on a Tuesday in October from 1pm 830pm and the timing was perfect. There were NO lines for any of the rides, and we didn't have an issue getting a table at any of the restaurants. I highly recommend the coca cola themed restaurant on Main Street, that is if you're interested in Western comfort food.
For someone who has a deep love for the Disney brands, and who has been to both parks located in the United States (numerous times), this Disney Park was a huge disappointment. Every thing was wrong   even the half complete palace! Children were out of control. Parent were too busy playing on their mobile phones to pay attention to their children. I wouldn't recommend this Hong Kong Disneyland to you if you have been to any of the other company's parks.
We are two senior couples who love Disneyland.We had a fun day even though this Disneyland is very small compared to Orlando.There were limited rides for adults, Grizzly Mountain Mine Cars and Space Mountain being the the best and great fun. The queue's were really good although we did visit through the week which I assume is quieter.The daily parade was really spectacular. While this park is more suited to younger children it is still a nice way to spend a day. One day is enough, we purchased our tickets at the gate with not much waiting.
This place is really a kids heaven   All the shows and rides and those cartoon characters coming alive  took me back to my childhood   Some fantastic shopping for the young ones and the old ones gone young again  Great parade and so was the firework
Great for all ages, with kids rides, rollercoasters and a lovely evening street parade with all the classic Disney characters. It even has its own train and train station. Expensive but worth it for families.   Try going during the week to avoid the bigger crowds.
For people with kids , Disneyland creates a magical world alternating with fantasy world and real world rides. Even we loved the concepts in each of the different partitions in Disneyland. All in all it was a fun filled day for the entire family from morning till night when the beautiful sky was lit with fireworks. It is also easily accessible with MTR
I've been to Disneyland in Hong Kong, Paris and Anaheim and found this one to be a little sub standard compared with the others. The rides are more for younger kids, not very scary. It's a very small park though and had no lines to get into the attractions so this was great.
Visited Hong Kong Disneyland park over two days and pretty much saw and did everything that we wanted to do although I just love taking in the atmosphere of the place so obviously could have spent more time there than we actually had.There were long queues to meet the characters who were actually pretty much positioned as soon as you were in the park. We did, however, manage to get all the main characters on our first day and got photos and autographs so that was done and out of the way on our second visit although I did take my autograph book just in case and was delighted to bump into Alice on our second afternoon which was unexpected.The rides did not have particularly long queues so we managed to get on these without any bother.Cast members were very helpful and shopping was a treat, lots of great Disney things to buy, found it so difficult to resist.I absolutely loved pin trading in this park and was delighted with some of the Disney pins I traded with cast members. Parades were fantastic and we had a wonderful time.
A huge plus is the ease with which to get to the Hong Kong Disneyland ie by the MTR which is by far the most convenient. Information is signposted and a comfortable train ride from the HK or Kowloon stations is about 30 minutes. A fun filled day from which dreams of kids are made. We went with a local family who bought the premium package of year round visits and with this we were able to beat the queues as there is a privileged entry. Overall, well worth a visit.
After reading reviews, we didn't hold much hope for our trip, however we had a great day. Yes, it's not USA but it was still Disney and we took our time and spread our day out. We went at lunchtime as the Halloween night was on so wanted to make sure we hadn't run out of steam by then. Halloween was quite good   something different and a few extra activities. It's Disney, so you gotta go visit!
I'm reviewing the park as a HK resident with an annual pass , so we've been able to see pretty much all the shows, parades, rides and attractions and the park never disappoints.My children love the It's a small world ride best, which is good news for me as I get a 5 minute break in an chilled room(!) But seriously, they have loved every bit of the park except perhaps the Haunted Mansion ride as they were a bit scared on that. They love meeting that characters   princesses too and if you want to meet Ana and Elsa you need to have collected tickets within 20 minutes of the gates opening, or you are likely to be disappointed. The afternoon parade is good, but the evening one is even better. Again, find somewhere to sit   observe the parade early to avoid disappointment.The park is always busy, even on a school day so you just have to accept it'll be a hot and busy day, but well worth it because you can't really beat a day at Disney!
Its an expensive day out, but they make no apology for that, its disney... A small one, but disney never the less. Worth a day out if visiting HK. One day is enough. The hotels aren't too bad either, not over the top kitch disney. Book the dinner or breakfast with the characters if you have little ones, just dont expect value for money and you wont be disappointed.
I went here today with my daughter, we arrived at 10am on opening, there were maximum 5 10 minute queues for most rides. We enjoyed the Haunted Castle train ride this was well done and a little different from USA Disney, we enjoyed Space Mountain and Its a small world. Easy to get to by MTR, very straightforward, A pleasant day.
We lucked out and got there on a Public Holiday and the park was relatively crowd free! Was able to ride everything multiple times with no wait time over 10mins which is ridiculously good.Verified it was crowd free as a friend went back the next day and it was packed out.
Disneyland is fantasy land... but kids enjoy it and lovers enjoy it too. This was my second visit... it is a good place to spend a day. Some attractions are beautiful, others romantic, others thrilling. We went on a Monday because I was afraid of the Sunday crowd.
i had been there for 3 times but it still amazing. there is 2 new zone : toy story and grizzly. it's easy to go there with mtr, use tung cung line, out at sunny bay and then looking for disney train.
I felt the park was too small. Not many rides here for the cost and most rides were for children. Frozen was a new ride and they only had very limited tickets given out in the morning.We went on rainy day so there wasn't much chance for photography with the characters.Rides were closed and there was still 2 hours to wait for the fireworks. Eventually we opted not to wait as there was absolutely nothing to do.
Hongkong disney is well maintained and clean. We were glad we bought a 2 day pass as it would have been impossible to see it all in one day. The 2 day pass is not much more than the entry fee for one day. The first day we arrived early afternoon and stayed on for the fireworks. The second day we arrived as the gates opened at 1000 and were delighted that we didnt have to wait for rides and the place wasn't crowded.The meals were great and not overpriced. Great time had by young and old!
The HK Disneyland is small. I went with my 9 year old son and other than the Space Mountain roller coaster, he found the place a bit boring.
Disneyland is the happiest place on the Earth. HK Disneyland is not exception either! Weekdays are somehow better as shorter queue but then if you go on Saturdays, you could enjoy the awesome fireworks show!
Fun place to spend time with your family but be sure there are long Q's for rides and shows not allowed to carry the selfie stick you can carry food and water make sure to have a good camera there are lot of memories you can catch in there the parade and the fire works are amazing please do not go on a rainy or a windy day especially if there a rumors of a typhoon cause almost 70 % of the things will be closed
We spent a half day there earlier this week ( we had been planning a full day but left early because it was so boring). Having been to all the other Disneys (with the exception of Japan) I was looking forward to another great experience. I was expecting a smaller park ( something like EuroDisney) but was REALLY disappointed by just how little there was to do in the Hong Kong offering. It looks as though they have just taken all their  baby  rides from the other resorts and tried to pass them off as the full Disney experience. As an adult couple the only rides worth taking were Space Mountain, The run away mine cart and Mystic Manor. We queued for over an hour for  Autopia  only to find that the ride consisted of driving an electric pedal car around a railed track at a maximum speed of about 3km  hour. BORING!!!!!!!!!!!! There were none of the usual aatractions Pirates of the Caribbean, Indiana Jones, Small World, Peter Pan, singing bears etc etc  basically, if you enjoyed it at the other Disneys you won't find it here. If you are travelling as an adult couple and don't have kids under 10 you should go to Ocean Park instead. We are now planning to spend the last day of our trip there as I've heard they really cater for the adult market  lots of roller coasters etc. it seems Hong Kong Disney has decided to focus on the toddler end of the market  which is OK if they don't mind warning customers before they pay out $400 HKD !!! I am sure even kids around 10 years old would get very bored here after an hour or so. I'm very sorry to say that Disney have really missed the boat with this one.
Excellent won't get bored guarantee. Only tiring thing was to que for photos with mickey n Donald. Food was not good
My first visit was last March 2015 with my family. We enjoyed the rides, adventure park and most of all, the fireworks, it was amazing! My mom (54 y.o) and my son (7 y.o) said that we will visit Disneyland again haha!HK Disneyalnd is more fun if you will roam around and enjoy the rides and adventure park at daytime then stay until fireworks.I visited again last month (September 24, 2015) with my bf, but so sad we were not able to see the fireworks coz we're catching up the MTR going back to the hotel.
This is our third Disneyland, it's much smaller than Tokyo & California, but still fun. Probably better for smaller kids than teens. Teens will prefer Ocean Park if they love thrilling rides. Went went on Monday & it was really quiet, most rides max 5 minute wait to get on. Didn't even bother with the fast pass on the two rides that have then. Think weekends would be much busier.Train there was easy and cheap. Definitely worth a visit if you love Disney.
I found it quite an exhausting experience because it as a very hot day and there was very little shade. My wife enjoyed the experience  you are never too old for Disney. We were not happy with the quality of the food.
I enjoyed the journey to Disneyland on the special train and it was an enjoyable day,  I didn't have young kids with me, who I think would enjoy it more .
We visited mid week which was great   hardly any waiting around. It is a much smaller version of disney in the USA (I've visited both) but is still quite magical and worth a visit. They have the classic rides   'it's a small world, dumbo, tea cups, space mountain etc' and we waited no longer than 5 minutes for each ride most we just walked straight into. They do have fast pass for 2 rides which would make it quicker during peak times. They have a great photo card for purchase that is cheap and you get all digital photos taken throughout the day. This is good if you want photos with the characters. The food choices were great and not too expensive. I think it is well worth a visit while in Hong Kong and great if you want to take the family to disneyland but want a cheaper holiday. I would definitely visit again.
This was our first trip to any Disney attraction. I was amazed how well the design and cleanliness of the park. I would definitely recommend attending during the colder months November to March.
long live disneyland! it's just amazing, there are new parades the last time i went there. although it's quite expensive but it's all worth it! we took so many pictures there, with the view and some characters. the Castle is the one that you can't forget, it's so marvelous and the fabulous fireworks at night. 1 day is not enough to play and walk around, because the queue is quite long for the ride nor the attractions. you can't just pass the souvenirs, they're so adorable. i'll never get bored with Disneyland! it's definitely recommended, a must place to go in Hongkong.
Slick and well managed.  Everywhere very clean.  Food reasonably priced.  All attractions rides excellent.   WELL DONE!!!!
Great place to visit can do it in one full day, if you get there on time as they open the gates. You cannot take food into the park water is allowed, your bags will be checked before entering. Easy to get there by train, has a dedicated Disney train directly to the park. We went during the week Friday, we not busy at all,, waiting maybe the longest 20mins for a ride, we did all rides in the park.. There is a lion king show which is really good, but only has I think 4 shows for the day, so ask at the gates what times as I don't think it was on the map of the park.. there is a parade down the main street at 8.00pm and fireworks at 9.00pm so big day.. found everything clean and tidy, our daughter is 10yrs old, she was tall enough for all the rides. They do not have family tickets,,, you have to buy individual tickets for child or adult  2 adults 1 child was $1,355 or $1,455 Hong Kong money we paid
Went there on Oct 13th, 2015. Guess what? I took Space Moutain 3 times in a roll with average 2 mins wait time!!! Yea, Hong Kong Disney land is not as busy as before. From my experience, I still get a Disney thrill, however, the rides are outdated. Doesn't seem like they are adding new rides like AVATAR anytime soon. The food and afternoon tea at Street Corner Cafe is pretty good! So yea, if you are not looking for thrill rides, Hong Kong Disney is amazing. Plus: no lines! (The rides doesn't open until 10:30 am) Great for families!Have fun!
Too bad it rained a lot the day we visited so we only got to see the rainy day parade express. The lights parade at 6pm had to be cancelled too. Nevertheless, we still got to enjoy ourselves and our time in Disney HK. So just be prepared to bring raincoats and umbrellas. It can be quite pricey, good thing we brought ours :)We still managed to try rides and watch shows, especially the Lion King, my personal favorite and highlight in Disney. A tip for families, once u get ur guide tour map, plan your tour to maxmize your time in disneyland. Example, checkout the show schedules you dont want to miss. Then keep a note of the show sched so that you dont forget the time while you are enjoying the rides and fun in disney. :)
It was a good place to hangout with our family and kids . we enjoyed a lot being here . A good expirence . Kids will enjoy a lot
last time visit on September 26 '2015 just want to see a new LED parades ,, too bad they canceled the parades due to bad weather :( .  some of venues are closed , they explained had a private event
This park is aimed at families with younger kids so teenagers may find the rides limited.  It is expensive as you'd expect for Disney but it is lacking in the 'magic' that you'll find in Orlando or California.
If you have ever been to Tokyo Disneyland, you will definitely feel very disappointed while visiting Hong Kong Disneyland!Food atmosphere souvenir are no good and no surprising. The park is very small and so is the castle of the sleeping beauty. Just save the money to spend on Tokyo one is the better idea to go!
I went with an open mind as I have been to all the other Disney parks. It is very compact and easy to cover in a day. The two best rides for adults teens are Space Mountain and Grizzly gulch mine train. Notably missing are Pirates of the Carribean Splash mountain and Peter Pan rides. The park is more geared up for small children. The food is mainly geared towards the Chinese. For Westerners, there are burgers, pizza and spaghetti Virtually nothing for vegetarians.( I had spaghetti and mushroom sauce). Everything is overpriced, even the merchandise. On the plus side the parades are lovely and worth staying for the night parade and fireworks. The park is cheaper than its American counterparts, about   45  USD 70. compared to   75 USD 100. Worth visiting, but if you like hairier rides head for Ocean Park which is cheaper.
My dream place .... Fantasyland ! But i feel frustated when i had queued up 1 hour plus to take picture with Mickey & Minnie Mouse and lastly they going for break. The management should look into this matter. I had so much fun in Tommorland. Thank you Disneyland, you made my birthday wonderful !!!
Disney! Disney! Disney! Even though smaller than the other parks it is still awesome! Visited during our honeymoon Asia trip. The staff were so friendly. Toy story land is a great addition to Disney parks. The Disney Mtr was fun to ride on. Great day out. Can get it done in less than a day though. No queues for any rides.
Fulfilled all expectations. Although not as big as Anaheim it is such a mini version of. It is definitely a very full day and night. Recommend seeing the day and night Main Street parades. Follow the map and do land by land. Very clean and worth a visit at any age.
i just want to say...very excellent..two thumbs for you.the staff very nice to kids..they smile always..my daughters really deep in love with mickey minie characters now..
This park was fun for the kids but turned out to be rather small in size for a Disney Park, finished everything in roughly 5 hours.
I have even worked in Walt Disney World(FL), which is the biggest one in the world. As the HK Disney is too small for me. But that's so great that because there is too small. so i can be easy to play every games here and no need to be wait for a long time. The food price is not so expensive. The fire work is well.
Returning after a gap of five years the Park has grown,but is still a wonderful dreamland haven and you only have to see the faces of all the children to know that it will continue to be a  must go to  destinationMonday through Thursday were reasonably quiet and pleasant as regards numbers but come the weekend the crowds grew hugely so if possible,in their winter off season,try visiting during Monday to Thursday.The park throughout is spotless in all areas and their attention to detail and health and safety is first class and the customer service is excellentThe food outlets are expensive as are most souvenir outlets and again you must budget acccordingly for your  dream  holiday but the Parades are quite wonderful and with the ever appealing Character Photos Disneyland remains at the top of tourism in S.E.Asia.The new scheme as regards Photo Pass is a great addition and ensures some wonderful photos taken by experts( details on their website)and the ability for you to also download those purchased pictures later to your computer I pad etcTo help your day please secure that particular weeks event timetable so you can plan when and where to visit Wear easy fitting and hot climate clothes as the weather even in mid October was high 20's  low 30's.The rental baby strollers are good for kids up to 25 Kgs and are well priced at 100 HK dollars for daily rental with the same amount as a returnable deposit.Drink plenty of water especially if you do not come from a hot climate country and my tip would be to also purchase a comfortable and well fitting back pack( rucksack) for those essential items for the kids needs throughout the visit.Park opens at 10 30 and closes at 20 00 weekdays and during Friday through Sunday stays open until 23 00.The Disneyland HK website is extensive and has a huge number of FAQ which cover nearly everything you need to know and just remember to try to plan each visit to maximise your enjoyment and to get to experience the main things your kids want to see try etc.*****To conclude Disneyland is still magical and my kids were totally enthralled and full testimony to the  magic  that is still served up and they have not stopped talking about their 3 days of visits and whilst not cheap it is days of wonderful memories that are irreplaceable.****
it was two rainy days.. heavy rain. parade and fireworks were cancelled on the first day on the second day they changed the parade to cho cho rainy day express it was nice. it rains a lot there in hong kong and the park remains open so they should be more prepared for rain like chairs with proper shading for the rain. the park is so good for young kids we finished it in one day which was the second day we went there and we were prepared for rain we brought the rain cover for our baby's stroller brought extra cloths and towels brought umbrellas and we stayed there until they closed with fireworks it was amazing. and we will visit again for sure. everyone there knows english. the metro is so easy to use and the disney line was so nice.
Despite being an older couple with no children (with us on the day) and obviously not the Disney key demographic we had absolutely the best time. It rained early in the day but not enough to spoil things. We went on everything (twice on some) and rarely had to queue, most things we walked straight on to. Also somehow we managed to be passing the timed shows just as they were opening. The Lion king show was spectacular and we loved the Runaway train. Having been to Florida Disney world years ago I did notice there didn't seem to be the same number of Characters meeting and greeting in the HK Disney as there was in Florida. This wasn't important to us but it might be to those taking young children. It is a breeze to get there on the MTR, definitely recommend.
It was my first Disneyland experience and I quite enjoyed it.Here's a few tips:1. Buy your tickets in advance. I bought the ticket online and it saved me a lot of time  no queue!2. If you tend to eat a lot, I suggest you to buy meal vouchers in advance as well. I bought the 3 in 1 meal vouchers (Lunch, Dinner, Snack) and it was a good bargain.3. Don't forget your sunscreen, sunglasses and hat if necessary. You need them to protect your skin from the sun.4. Dress as comfortable as you can. I saw many people wearing tight dress, high heels, leather jacket... and I saw them feeling uncomfortable too! I guess the sneakers are the best option for shoes.5. Bring your own drinking bottle (with water in it!) as it is very expensive in there. You may also bring some snacks, such as chocolate bars, but don't bring too many or the staff will take them before you get in!6. DON'T BRING SELFIE STICKS! They're prohibited inside the park.7. Bring a lot of money to buy souvenirs as they can be a little expensive.. (or, you can always find cheap Disney souvenirs in Ladies Market, but most of them look fake.)
My two sons (aged 5 & 7) had a great time here. We came on a Thursday and it wasn't too busy which was great as the queues were short. Lots to do. Make sure you get here early to enjoy a full day.
Parades, special stage performance and fireworks were good. Pls bring caps as limited shade area. No own food allowed as they check ur bags. Not necessary to purchase meal coupon as all were around hkd100. Better restaurants within list of meal coupons were all closed when we visited on tue and wed  pissed off. They should indicate it on website! Food at clopin nicer than Tahitian. Suggest to get 2 day pass in order to play all rides in park. More suitable for family with children.teenagers or adults travelling alone might find it boring n limited exciting rides
I haven't been to a theme park as bad as Hong Kong Disneyland. As usual long queues. Rides were poor and rough with probably only 2 rides in the whole park suitable for pre teens and myself who loves a good roller coaster ride. More suited for very young children.
We had a pleasant moment there with all rides they have and good restaurant. Convenient to come here by subway.
We had a fantastic day at Disneyland. I would highly recommend it to everyone no matter what age. I went with my 11 year grandson and I thought I would be too old for this, but we had a great time. We went at 1.30pm and we did not have any queues for anything. We just walked straight in to all the attractions. Some we did twice. Every attraction had something different to offer and it was all so well done and excellent quality. When we were leaving there were heaps of people entering, so we struck it lucky. Very easy to get to by using the train. I would not have gone if I did not have my grandson with me and I would have missed out. If you haven't been to a Disneyland before, then go in Hong Kong. Not as big or busy as others.
WOW!!! Hong Kong disneyland didn't disappoint AT ALL. We took our kids 9,9,4 and we all had a blast. We went 2 days, monday and wednesday and our kids didn't want to leave on the end of the 2nd day. We all had a blast and there were not many long waits, and the biggest kid (hubby) of all had a awesome time. It is easy to access by MRT. We purchased tickets online before and just picked them up.
The setting and everything are the same but the spirit and magic touch is not there.  You don't feel that you are connected to the casts members
We thoroughly enjoyed our day at Disneyland   it had something for everyone. Mickey's Philharmagic show, Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars, Mystic Manor, Space Mountain, RC Racer and the Lion King stage show were a few of our favourites. The big street parade was also wonderful to watch. We also managed to find a few bargain souvenirs. At the end of the day we caught the MTR back to our hotel, cheap and easy. We enjoyed this park more than Ocean Park and would definitely return.
Although small as compared with other Disneyland around the world, it has all the essential attractions rides for different age group. It's more fun for yonder teens I think. Unfortunately, like everywhere else in Hong Kong, expect to have big crowds and long queues. Try to get there when the park is opened and obtain fast pass if available. Don't expect too much of the food insider the park!
I bought the annual pass for my family, we went there again in September especially for the Frozen attraction as the summer time was too hot to go... we had to arrive before the park open and had to run to the attraction to queue up for the pass, worth for it!!! The day and night time parade also the highlight of the day!
Never thought that Halal food was so easy to locate in a chinese country. But in HK, it's definitely the most convenient theme park ever to visit. It has two Halal food restaurants located within Disneyland itself. Also, the layout of the theme park is very attractive. Enjoyed it very much!
very butiful ,very interesting with many game , tuning around full day still not borring, hava chance will be back
DH and I are very fortunate to have previously visited Disneyland in California, Tokyo Disney, EuroDisney outside Paris and Walt Disney World in Florida. This makes our 5th Disney Park. I am trying so hard not to say this is a miniature Disney   but there it is. That's the best explanation. If you are accustomed to what's on offer in central Florida, and surprised as we were, by how much smaller the parks are in California, you will be even more surprised by this park. It is tiny. And there's only one! We attended from ~4 pm 'til closing on a night with longer than normal hours due to the Halloween celebration and then spent the next day there as well. We did miss a few attractions, but not many and only because we doubled and tripled on those we liked. This is definitely not more than a two day park   even for a family with an 11 year old and a 5 year old. We did not attend any of the live shows as that usually isn't our thing and most of them were in Cantonese anyway. DH and the boys are variously fluent in Mandarin   but no one speaks a word of Cantonese so no help there. The hours are generally surprisingly short (perhaps because being weekdays in October, this is probably the off season). Information available on the web is also spotty. A mere 4 days before our arrival the park still had not posted definitive hours or their parade and fireworks schedule, which seems really odd and doesn't make it easy to plan ahead. Full menu's for the restaurants are also hard to come by, if available at all. As far as the Halloween celebration went   this park takes a detour from the approach in the US. There Disney goes to great lengths to make Halloween celebrations fun for the kiddos and not too scary. It's even called the 'Not so Scary Halloween Party'. They rely on their competitors to attract the older audience who may be more into hauntings and creepy things. Not so here. Almost the only things on offer that were special for Halloween included a gruesome scene on the Jungle River Cruise that was waaaayyyy too graphic even in silhouette, what with the blood curdling screams of the sound track   AND the cruise was narrated in Cantonese   which was the only thing that saved my kids from wetting themselves. The 5 year old remarked,  That wasn't so scary since I didn't understand any of it.  The other extra 'feature' your Halloween admission brought you was the treat of seeing actors in zombie makeup wander around three 'lands' haunting people, staring them down and telling scary stories (in Cantonese). Again   not what we had anticipated based on the US Halloween themed experiences. There was supposed to be some sort of trick or treating but we couldn't find it. There were also supposed to be special Halloween items on some menus   we saw a cookie or two but that was about it. The signage and communication especially for the holiday themed events are inadequate. Basically, we are glad we took advantage of the later closing, but other than that, would not recommend the Halloween celebration, especially for families with younger kids and those not fluent in Cantonese. Certain aspects like theming, the bar for which has been set really high in the original US parks, seem to have been given short shrift here. For instance, there's a walkway under which you pass to go to either Toy Storyland, Grizzly Gulch or Mystic Point or something and there's just a pedestrian underpass with three plaques on it. Blah. Pick your avenue. Then, when standing in line for the Autopia, they've strung up some sort of blue mesh through which you can clearly see the staging areas with all the cars they are recharging as well as a bunch of stuff under construction. My husband remarked that, especially while standing there for 30 minutes in line with nothing else to look sat, it really ruined some of the 'magic' for him. That's just something you wouldn't expect to find in the States   they work really hard to keep you and your attention 'in the moment' and in the attraction. Not so much here. The hotels are surprisingly far away   for what reasons I cannot fathom. The walk from their flagship hotel is ~15 minutes and the shuttle is about the same so no time savings there. The food is about what you've come to expect at Disney   overpriced (they know you have no alternatives) and mediocre at best. Our assessment applies as far as we're concerned to all cuisines   Asian or Western. It's not like the Chinese food is great, since you're in China and only the Western stuff is below par. They are equal opportunity food wreckers here. We were so excited to find a mango flavored Dole Whip with pineapple   and eager to compare it to the pineapple version found in the US parks...the pineapple version is sooooo much better :( The mango thing here is so sickly sweet I thought I'd get Type II Diabetes on the spot if I finished it...The food item we liked most was the caramel corn. YUM!!! I think we bought 5 boxes in the 2 days we were there.. One night that was dinner. It beat the heck out of some of the other stuff on offer and it was cheaper...They do seem to be expanding. There was an 'Iron Man Experience' attraction being built in Tomorrowland, set to open some time in 2016. So it seems they are adding attractions, albeit slowly. I think that will be great, especially if they get things none of the other parks have. The one really great thing about it being a small park and the off season is that our second day there we saw like zero lines. Can you say,  Space Mountain and Buzz Light Year with exactly no wait?  It didn't matter the attraction, there was no waiting and Fast Passes were basically not needed. Also   Space Mountain was REALLY DARK. As in, you couldn't see the track in front of you at all. I'm not really into that sort of thing, and I can usually discern the track in the other versions of the ride   but not so here. So if that's your thing, then it might be worth a trip! Also, the ticket prices seemed really reasonable. I know because we're planning a trip to Anaheim in like a month and these tickets came out to ~$75 US per day. The cheapest one day, one park ticket in the US is now $100. So there was definitely a savings there. One thing this park had in spades over Tokyo Disney was park specific swag. YAY! If you make the effort to come all the way here, it's nice to know you can get a shirt or hoodie or hat that says,  Look! I made it all the way to HONG KONG Disney!  They had lots of options that were attractive and well priced, unlike Tokyo which had almost nothing. Now they just need the same thing that tells the world I stayed 'on property' while I was there... Where's the hotel themed swag? There was a pier where come sort of ferry looked like it was supposed to dock. It wasn't in operation at the time of our visit (again because it was off season?) But that looked interesting   like maybe it would be another, cooler way to access the Park from the other islands...I get the distinct impression this was meant to be a toe in the water for Disney in China and that people were holding back so as not to outshine whatever will be opening in Shanghai soon. I am still hoping they expand this park and maybe add another. Until then, if I need a Disney fix in Asia I may have to make do with Hong Kong   unless I can put up with the longer plane ride to Tokyo... :)
Awesome place for kids they would love to get pampered by disney themes and rides for a full day and fireworks @ night pls dont miss it .... fun filled place for the kids
Public transportation to Disney works fantastic and you can use it from wherever you stay in Hong Kong. (we stayed at Tsim Sha Tsui). When arriving you will have several points for paying the access fee (of course you will get a shock)   these types of parks are not cheap. Inside everything is free (except F&B)   when we were there the local schools still had vacation so it was crowded. BUT you have to expect just that. All attractions took min 20 minutes to queue and sometimes up to an hour. Teenage kids can wait but we had our twin boys (8 years) who did not enjoy it that much. In terms of food don't expect high end cuisines BUT it definitely is not bad and suits the younger visitors well. Really nice shows, nice settings and easy to get around   the whole family was happy. Overall really good   perfect for the kids!
People who are visiting Disney land on weekends get prepared to the madness of long howling Q's but there is way to doge system by buying the priority pass which lets you to the cut the Q, well almost ever attraction but people who want to have fun in snow should collect there passes in advance due to limit system.
Great place for a day out with young children (4 and above). Queues can be quite long for some rides but planning it in advance can help. Avoid going to tomorrow land first thing in the morning but try to start from toy story land which may save you some time. Some of the shows are more worthy than the rides! Lion King etc
We pre bought tickets at the hotel (same price as DL), you can then find a section at the entry of DL that will transfer the tickets at the hotel to DL tickets, there was a person helping people do this. This saved a lot of time waiting at the entry to purchase tickets. The lines were LONG, even at 10.00am, so be prepared to wait at least 30 minutes to get in, and its HOT! There are security guards waiting at the top of the line checking every single bag, not sure what they are checking for. If it wasnt for the people checking the bags, it should be more of a quicker check in. Bring lots of bottles of water and food, food and water is expensive. We bought water bottles with us, but there were drinking fountains scattered throughout the park. We did not have to wait long for the rides (my kids are 11 and 9) so we went straight for the bigger rides and the most we had to wait was 5 10 mins. Winnie the Pooh had a very long line and the waiting time was 35 minutes. This DL is catered more to the younger kids so be prepared to wait a long time for these types of rides. However if you research your trip before you come, you should be able to go straight to the rides you want (depending on your age group). The Lion King has set times so watch out for that as you might miss it. We brought an umbrella for the sun and also we used it as a beacon for our kids if they got lost. It is crowded so be prepared if you have little kids that they can get lost easily. Remember this is DL, it is not a theme park that has massive roller coasters, so research the rides and whether this is the right theme park for you. We were in HK for a week and felt that it had to be done to tick it off the list. If you are after big roller coaster type rides, maybe Ocean Park is the theme park for you.
Though I heard a lot of negative comments about the Hong Kong Disneyland I decided to give a visit anyway. To my surprise, I had an amazing time. The food was fantastic, the shows were great, and the rides were fun. I heard that a lot of the visitors are tourists who destroy the park but I did not see that happen at all. What I loved the most was that the lines for the rides were not too long (5 minute wait max) and we were able to see the whole park while riding some rides multiple times in one whole day. The experience was magical and I would definitely come back.
Disneyland is a place that took me back to my childhood. The cartoon characters made me feel like a kid all over again. The fireworks are breathtakingly beautiful and very well managed. Evening parade is awesome fun.The place is surely more fun if you have kids with you, was a brilliant day for me to go visit. If I were to go back to HK and choose between Disney and Ocean Park, would visit Ocean Park. So for travellers who like wildlife and rides   Ocean Park is your thing, for people who want to be kids again  go to Disney.
Visited with family on 03 October 2015. Was very disappointed as all external rides were shut due to typhoon. Money wasted. Also, the Disney land seemed to be very ordinary. Disney land in Paris and USA are much much better.
I have been very fortunate to visit Anaheim, Disneyworld Florida, EuroDisney in Paris and now Disneyland Hong Kong. I loved everything we did and saw, however, it was extremely disappointing that on the second day, all the outdoor rides and shows were cancelled due to a Monsoon Alert. To my knowledge the Monsoon did not arrive at all on that day. I appreciate totally, the safety concerns but I think the closure of every single outdoor attraction was very premature on the day. Luckily we still had lots to see & do. Loved the Frozen Village, the fireworks and the Disney shopping.
We took our daughter for her 1st birthday to Disneyland,HongKong.its an amazing place to spend time with your kids.great rides,good food and a perfect stay.loved it
Really fun day out with lots of surprises and entertainment to keep you and the kids smiling all day long. Don't miss the Lion king show and main parade. The frozen section wasn't that great so don't queue up if the line is huge. Space mountain and the runaway mine car rides and the RC car ride were among my favourites !!
As expected, Disneyland was amazing. Had lots of fun with my boyfriend walking around, taking photos and taking in the scenery. The rides were good also. We were lucky to have been walking past the area where the parade was going to go through, so we settled down with some soy milk and caramel popcorn and thoroughly enjoyed the performance. Make sure to catch the 3pm session, perfect time of the day.
Disneyland Hong Kong, its great to escape of the crowdy Down town,Cool entertainment ..for kids and adults. great souvenirs shops.
The park is a much smaller version of the Disneyland of LA or Disneyworld of Florida. We enjoyed it but missed see the complete park that we had seen several time in California. The shows were wonderful and the staff was very good, helpful and always pleasant and caring to the kids that were so excited to see their favorite Disney Characters
Recently visited Disneyland HK with 8 year old in tow. Entry price seemed high but prepared to pay for the experience. Unfortunately the experience didn't live up to expectations. It didn't take long for waiting times on all rides to be 1 hour and access to eateries limited due to crowd numbers. When we did finally get to eat the prices were outrageous  I guess that's what you can get away with when you have a captive audience! We did really enjoy the Lion King show and the parade was great, so not all bad. Overall I thought the target audience was very much around the 4 to 8 year old, nothing much for older kids. For much better value we also visited ocean world HK where price was cheaper, rides and experiences much more appealing. My advice  skip Disneyland and spend your money at ocean world !
Visited on last year november with family. It was an awesome themepark for all (doesnt matter kids, adults or senior citizens). The games was intriguing especially the wildwest ride. Other than that, they have a musical band appearing in the wild west side to entertain the visitors with great songs. As for fairytale lovers, there are certain time this disney characters such as snow white, cinderella, rapunzel, belle and others will appear for photo shooting however the time is short. Besides that, the 3D Theatre consists of mickey and friends shows were simply amazing especially for disney lovers. Worth to come back for a second time. A day is never enough for all of us!! ;)
We had been to HK Disneyland about 4 years ago and because of several attractions, we decided to have another a look and our daughter was a lot older to experience some of the attractions. Nothing had changed though and some areas were starting to look a little tired. The atmosphere was still great and the hours flew by. We actually wanted to see the parade and the fireworks. The parade is fun to watch but a lot shorter than they had advertised on the website. It said 40 minutes but we got around 20 minutes. The fireworks were also fun to watch but this is definitely a place for the kids.Even though it is looking its age, I could not think of any child that would not have fun there. Plenty of rides, attractions and photo opportunities with the characters of Disney.
Disneyland really is an amazing place. We have been to Disneyland in Anaheim as well and thought that Hong Kong was even better. It is much newer, and cleaner. There is so much to do for all the family. It has been made to adapt so well to the hot days Hong Kong gets, most of the lines are either under shade and fans or in air conditioned rooms so you don't mind lining up to go on the rides so much. From the shows to the parades to the rides, everything is great. There is heaps of shops to get a Disney souvenir or two. My kids are aged 3,5,8 & 9 and they were all able to go on most of the rides, only a few things had height restrictions. We were there from opening till after the night parade and saw the whole park in one day easy enough. Didn't go on everything but probably about 90% of things. The only disappointment for the day was missing out on the special frozen exhibit as tickets were sold out very early in the day. Any frozen fans should go straight there first thing and get a ticket for later in the day. Would highly recommend Disneyland to anyone young or old, a great time was had by all!
Fabulous day out even though it rained, which made the queues shorter. Food is average but the park is great and a nice metro ride from kowloon. Our 8 year old loved it!
Hong Kong Disneyland was fantastic. It was very easy to get to via the subway and when we were leaving there was staff at the station to help with change & directions. We arrived at lunchtime and stayed until the fireworks display. The park was big enough for a full days worth of fun, but also small enough to get around it all in a day and to get on all the rides. We ate in the food hall which had a good selection of foods. We went mid week and the crowds weren't too big, the line up to rides and photos with the characters didn't take too long to get through. Toy story land was our favourite. The rides there were great fun.
With not a vast area, Honk Kong Disneyland doesn't have enough room for everyone. I recommend you should start to play in the early morning and late afternoon if you want to enjoy fun if you would not like to wait for so long for each play
Spent the day having read lots about it on here. We were there from 10am until 5pm with kids aged 5 & 6 and it was just right.Got to do pretty much everything we wanted to and didn't queue for longer than 20 mins. Only the Frozen area which had a 3 hour waiting time was missed.F&B pretty pricey as you'd expect.Only disappointment was that having hugs & high fives with Mickey & co, which should be part of the general experience, is more or less impossible, or at least seems to be only available if you open your wallet further in the 'Kodak Magic Garden' or similar.Small grumble. Top day out.
I am 24 and I've never been to any Disneylands and WOW I loved it! The magic began as soon as I got on the direct train to Disneyland, the windows were the shape of mickeys head and there were little figurines. The park is a good size and it took me and my friend to complete within 6 hours. We also went on a Friday so the ques weren't long at all. It's a shame there wasn't more characters around the park. Well worth a visit!!
we visited the disney on a day when the cyclone warning was 3. so no outside rides. not even boat rides. good for kids with disney disney all around. visit with familythe best part is we got good indian vegetarian food therethe fireworks was nice
A must go for a fun day. Many fun rides and show available and not forgetting the awesome fireworks at night. Do not miss the fireworks as it's super amazing. Remember to get some cute souvenirs too  before leaving.
Although it's rather small, it's well worth it to check out.  It's really no different than our Lands, other than their giftshop has gifts that are location specific (ie. chinese mickey & minnies).
In short. Hong Kong Disney has nothing to offer for Halloween 2015. Rather go to Ocean Park.Disney went to no trouble at for this years Halloween.The last time we visited for the Halloween program was in 2012 when it was excellent! A scary Haunted Hotel and other fantastic walk through attractions. Lots of actors dressed up in Halloween costume and mingled with the crowds. A wonderful parade of ghostly spectres dancing in Main Street......sadly, that was not to be repeated.2015 offered some really lame entertainment. Ghosts Rising  is a dozen or so actors dressed in white. They walk out and then pose for photos with the crowd. Apparently they are acting out a story. This all lasts for 40 minutes I am told. We didn't stay till the end, it was just was boring. The Haunting of Grizzly Gulch  has an old guy walking on to a stage swinging a lantern. Then 5 guys dressed in black wearing cowboy hats follow onto the stage. Next thing I see one of the Cowboys has a puppet horse...I had seen enough.The final Halloween attraction is  Curse of the Emerald Trinity.  It's the Jungle River Cruise, Done at night with a bit of green fog. Not scary and only done in Cantonese.I'm not sure what changed at Hong Kong Disney, but I will never waste my time to return for another lame Halloween. If they don't want to do Halloween for whatever reason, that's fine. But then don't advertise a Halloween program. My kids were so exited to go. We dressed up and left bitterly disappointed. Such a waste of time. They didn't even turn the pumpkin lights on down Main Street. Very sad.
My kids had a blast. It was a nice experience. Though crowded with some unruly people, it was fun. Had few Indian restaurant which had sumptuous meal. Try to reach early during the day to enjoy the whole day. One would need at least couple of days to experience all the rides.
Visited with a friend and her two early teen kids.Honestly the visit was a waste of money and time as the place is rather small with a small range of rides and quite boring.Food choices are very limited and taste terrible, they don't come cheap too.Left after 2 3 hours as the kids wanted to leave.Might work for families with very young children....
HK Disneyland is the nearest to us frm Singapore..so we had a great time.We went very early at Ngong Ping Cable car first (book via klook.com)... And reached Disneyland at 12pm exact. Watched all their parade... and Stayed up till fireworkz ended. It was nice n enjoyable. No long snakey queue for the rides so we were glad. My 5 yr old daughter loves it!2 halal food to eat... one at Adventureland and one more at Mystic Point. Not realli a big park. Will i go again? Why not.
The place is expensive, food is not palatable, the main landers have no clue what a queue is for. The rush from attraction to attraction and appear to be very rude folks. Ocean park gets you more bang for your buck.
We visited 1 year after opening and now again and didn't see much changes in terms of new rides or attractions. Plenty of land available to expand, but little expansion noticeable. The good thing about this Disneyland is that it is not overcrowded and waiting time at the various attractions during weekdays is minimal.
Smaller than other Disney Lands but the parade of lights the best, great fireworks  The train needed more stops
We spent 1 day here and this was our first Disney park experience.The characters are so charming and cute. The food was pricey but good enough.On your full day at Disney I would suggest to get there before11a.m and depart only after the fireworks.
It's better to take train on the way to this place because the train interior will give you a great expectation for the whole day. And be careful when selecting visiting day, Hongkong's weather can change dramatically. Bring umbrella and hat, if your group have children.
What an amazing place, even the cute train to get there and the entrance way in was so beautiful. Very good value for money as once you got your ticket, unlimited fun and rides at no extra cost. I thoroughly enjoyed my day here, the lion king show was amazing and the rides were cool. the highlight of my visit would have to be the night parade.. simply magical and spectacular. The only downside was the ridiculous price of food and drinks .
You can reach Hongkong Disneyland by private and public transportation. MTR, Bus and taxi public transportation to reach Hongkong Disneyland from airport or City proper. One day is not enough to see all the attraction here, the entrance is a little bit high. You can bring food but not rice, they let you throw or let it be deposit in the entrance. But you can eat it before you enter. The value of food here quiet high but yummy, a lot of restaurant to choose. The parade is wow.
For the first time coming to HK Disney land left me a great impression and the fireworks is fantastic. I stopped over to Disneyland HK just for a day, and arrived at night. For families please bring along your camera or HP to snap beautiful photos. Bring along umbrella in case if raining. And most of the attraction is close due to the typhoon and opened back later on. Managed to ride on the roller coaster and Winnie the Pooh ride. Overall I can say great experience. Thumb up.
I is one of my dreamland.  My friends and me have annual pass.  We enjoy to have most of the festivals in there very much :D
Having a family of Disney Princesses this was a must visit place.   Great nostalgia for all ages.I have been to Paris, Los Angeles, Orlando & Tokyo.   Loved the experience in Hong Kong.
Quite small compared to other Disney parks world wide, but is a nice getaway for the day if you like Disney Characters.
Smaller as compared to the one in USA. This place is packed with China folks and I really advise going there during the holidays.
Travelled here with my kids age 5 and 1&1 2. To my disappointment I didn't see any of the classic characters, Mickey, Donald, Minnie etc. Mostly focusdd on the attraktions that requires 50 60 minutes of waiting each, which is to much to ask for from a any kid. I strongly recommend to skip this if travel with small kids, go to Tokyo instead, it's magic!
We visited last week of September 2015. It was very hot but not too crowded. My kids enjoyed the rides.   I think there were less activities or performance, may be due to a weekday.  Three  Lands  were closed at 4.30pm on that day for closed up event. I think this is very unfair as we paid for full fare to enjoy the rides but we were denied entry at 4.30pm.Overall a good Disneyland venue to visit with some areas of improvements needed.
Really small and also expensive, particularly food.   The theatre is 3rd rate.   Little kids will probably enjoy it but adults will know it is not value for money.
It's close by the airport, but nowhere near the big city. If you have a day extra, go to Disney land. We went mid  september, on a Tuesday early morning, just one day before we flying back. Surprisingly, there wasn't a lot of people and we barely had to stand in line for the attractions (big plus). The park wasn't a big we hoped to be but still nice and gave is a nostalgic feeling.
took MTR to reach this place. great way to spend a day in HK, not to be missed. kids enjoyed the max. amazing rides and adventurous rides. parade and fire works not to be missed
Me and my wife spent a whole day here and it was worth it. The parade and Lion king show are must watch. Although I strongly feel that the staff could be more cheerful and involved given that its a theme park. They could take a cue from the staff at Universal studios Singapore.
We flew to Hong Kong on our way to the Philippines. Since we've never been, we decided to spend a few days in Hong Kong. While part of the family went to Macau, the rest of us decided to go to Disney. I bought our tickets before leaving for Hong Kong. We were staying at the Marco Polo Gateway Hotel. I was a little nervous taking the subway, because it was just me and my two teenage daughters and I knew we would be coming home late. The concierge assured me it was safe. We were about two blocks from the subway station. Note: Don't buy your subway tickets in advance   they are only good the day of purchase! Anyway, this was the easiest cleanest and very safe feeling subway, I've ridden! We studied our map and made our way to Disneyland in no time. So I would highly recommend it...it certainly was cheaper than taking a taxi or buying your tickets thru a  tour ! Disneyland opened later than we were used to. Since I was unsure about the subway, we arrived quite early (about 9:00am)...10:00 am Main Street opened and 10:30 the rest of the park opened. I don't know if we hit the right time of the year (Sept 14), but it seemed we had the whole park to ourselves! It took longer to walk thru the que than it did to wait for the actual ride. The only down side, not all the restaurants were open and the Jungle Cruise happened to be closed the day we were there. We basically finished all the rides we wanted by 3:00! So we did some things we don't have  time  to do at the Florida park. Sit and enjoy a cold treat on this hot day...reride rides...and enjoy the daytime parade and not having to stake out our spot an hours ahead of time. We stayed until the night time parade and the night time fireworks. I would recommend buying your subway ticket for the ride home, before entering the park...the subways come quickly, so our wait was very minimal. No, it wasn't like the Florida park, but we weren't expecting it to be. The Lion KIng show was top notch and might have been a little better than Florida, except they didn't have the flying monkeys. The  Frozen  exhibit was a little bizzare but we were able to take our picture with Olaf. The food was a little odd, but my picky eaters were able to find something  American ish. The bathrooms were up to the usual Disney standard (very clean). For $180 for the three of us (2 adults 1 child) plus the food and souveniers, I was glad we did it. How many of our friends can say they visited  Hong Kong Disneyland ? Also...Hong Kong charges 50 cents for shopping bags, so I would recommed buying your souveniers at the end or bring your own bag! :)
The day was plagued by problems. Firstly due to a buyout by Citibank the three latest additions: Toy Story Playland, Mystic Point and Grizzly Gulch, where closed at 16:30   this was communicated in a very jovial  to help you plan your day  kind of way around the park and was mentioned upon arrival. However there was no indication of this simple fact on the website.This was essentially OK because I was able to do multiple rounds of the rides in the soon to be closed areas. However there where more issue:Going for a serviced sit down lunch though was a true challenge: the only restaurant offering something substantial was the Plaza Inn. The food was absolutely horrific and took ages to arrive. The service did not pick up on this either and when I complaint to the server there was a blank stare and an  oh    no excuses where made whatsoever. All in all I wasted more than 90 mintes for 5 or so nasty plates of food, including a cold piece of duck and a  signature  spring roll that seems to consist only of rice paper without any filling. I asked for the bill and this took more than 10 minutes to arrive. After 15 minutes of waiting I put down the money and left   only to be chased by the waitress and a manager and was told I left too little money and should have added 15% for  service . When I told them what happened I was again met with blank stares and without any comment. Lots of other things where closed too including the Tahitian Terrace which had a sigh posted saying it was closed  temporarily , I went in anyway only to be told that this restaurant would open after 16:30   so why not communicate this timing properly with signage instead of giving no indication of what  temporary  might be?After queuing up for an ice cream and deciding and paying for two scoops only to find out there are only three flavors available is also something one does not expect when the website screams  refreshing flavors  you can cool of on at It's a small world ice cream. Worse: the mango ice cream didn't taste like mango at all and was gooey tasting of too much uncooked flour and not at all fruity.Upon returning to Adventureland it turned out that the Jungle Cruise and Rafts to Tom Sawyer (as well as the Tree house) had also closed early: this had not been communicated at all during the day, and since I had focused on the area that was  advertised  to be closed early I was not able to do these attractions either. Attraction staff completely neglected complaints saying these early closings  where part of the regular operating program . The same was true for the railroad encircling the park as well as some character meet and greet areas.Staff did not really look they wanted to be there either, did not take pride in their work and overall morale was very low. There was not endless smiles, no small talk to guests who were first in line and needed to wait some seconds for their vehicle to pull up, there was no  thank you  hardly anyone who made eye contact with you. Totally sub par of a Disney experience, let alone comparable to Disney experiences in Asia or the uplifting and fun atmosphere at Ocean Park.Charging HK$500 on admission and closing 14 of your 34 attractions ( more than 40%) early   (e.g. before posted park closing time) is completely unacceptable and you are a completely delusional operator when you think this is  OK  to be part of your  regular operating day .After complaining at Guest Relations I was told I would be contacted via email: that promise was made more than two weeks ago and is yet to be fulfilled. Mystic Point and Grizzly Gulch are two of the best Disney rides in the world, but a good park experience is made up of more than the hardware, the software is probably even more important and this is what is significantly lacking here. I would not go again.
7 years after our last visit and still plenty to like.....access via the MTR this time, which was no drama at all..... very hot and humid day, so glad of the bottled water that we'd brought from the hotel, but ended up needing much more between the five of us.....food pretty ordinary, but expected that from last time. All the great rides with shortish queues   Buzz, Small World etc.... an enjoyable day and all fell asleep quickly and well that night......
I LOVE Disneyland   love the Hype and just about everything about it. The entertainment side of it is wonderful and certainly a treat for children of all ages, So I give it a high rating there. What I didn't like was the price of food and drinks. Your bags are checked before entering the park  so no food etc is allowed in... A lot of the food restaurants and snack bars inside the park were closed, so we had to walk a long way to get a bottle of water   and when we did find it   it was $5 Aust...for water!! The meals and drinks are all overpriced   and because you want to spend the whole day and half the night there, you have to eat and drink, so they have you over a barrel. Disney needs to look at this side of the costs, when you are already paying close to $100 Aust to enter the park, they shouldnt expect you to pay another fortune for their food and drinks. It prices it out of the reach of a lot of families
as per my experience fro family fun loving area one must visit if their wish  to see the real Disney world in their life.
The park is smaller than Anaheim, but the magic of Disney is still there. If you are in Hong Kong don't miss this one. The lines for the attractions are very orderly and move quickly. The locals are also very friendly and courteous.
Perfect destination if you have toddlers. The park is rather small however provides sufficient stimulation for young ones and adults alike who need to remember the experience can be rather exhausting for the little ones and one tends to want to see it all. This park allows you to do just that.
Here is not big park but enough for fun. They have many game suitable for kids and adults as well. remember that around 20:00 pm they have organize fireworks in center of park.
I went midweek and the crowds were very light and I was able to walk on to most attractions that I wanted to try. It is a pretty park and worth a visit if you are a Disney fan and in Hong KOng
It's my first time to Disney land and I loved the place so much, I felt like I am in Wonderland,  even the diseny train was decorated as diseny, I will defenetly go back again.
very very nice and enjoyable place,  3 ggod rides to enjoy  ac racer, grizzly gulch and space mountain, place has 7 theme parks, parade is just awesome and fireworks Par excellent
It was like a movie.. Was there the whole day. It needs more rides though. Most were quite boring but regardless Disney aims to please! I felt like a child again.
Got MTR from Tsim Sha Tsui, 3 trains but easy to use took approx 30 mins. Arrived at Disneyland 11.00am, got tickets at the entrance not too expensive and only 5 mins wait. Not too busy, did not have to wait long to get on rides attractions except Autopia although Disneyland got increasingly busier throughout the day. Very hot day, plenty of shade, good variety of food reasonably priced. Disneyland Hkg easy to experience in one day. Travelled with 9 yr old who enjoyed rides but he didn't think there were enough rides for his age. A fun day, well laid out, very pretty.
the hongkong disneyland is a scaled down version of the original Walt disney's creation at the us.the theme park offers attractions inspired from the disney animated series.split into 4 unique sections,some portraying jungle whereas others portraying fancy land,scifi and ancient backdrops.plethora of activities are on the list with intro to animation,cartoon ism. mustn't miss the lionking show and the finale parade,spanning over 45mins each.accomodations ,food and other amenities are in plenty.devote a full day mandatorily
My first time In Disneyland! It didn't disappoint. We went to all the rides and show! Sadly we were too tired to wait for the parade and fireworks show since we were there early in the morning. We had a great time and we would go back! Hopefully they would add other rides.
Must visit .park opens at 10am.be ther around 10:30 at most so that by the end of the day u r able to explore 90 95% of the park rides n shows.criwd is less in morning so u can escape big queues.after 3 the local crowd gathers n avoid weekends if possible.Mtr trains is gud connectivety to disney but two n three changes in the mtr is needed to reach.but quite cheap n quick .also the station is just outside the main entrance.taxi n buses will drop u a lil farther.(not very though)fir indians u hv a eatery counter in the adventure land (at 26 stall in given park map guide (available free at entrance)at 200hkd approx for a couple n child.pls note carry bottled water n snacks from outside.it pricey in the park.no difference in a colddrink n bottled water.
Great place for adults and kids. As it's very huge, I would suggest to walk from the furthest end to the front so you won't have to rush for the fireworks display!! Be there in the morning to be able to try all rides. At 8pm daily, fireworks display will be at the Castle. Don't miss it. For Muslims, they have rooms for you to pray. Just ask any of their staff or get to the City Hall near the entrance. They are very accommodating. Absolutely love it
would be a most interesting place to spend one full day for the younger children (primary   junior secondary high sch children).
Enjoyed my day. Very busy despite visiting at end go April so not peak season. Be prepared to queue for many of the rides! Not many places just to sit and take a break. Limited seating for eating! Overall great place to visit particularly for kids
For what you actually get it's a waste of money. I was curious to see what it was like on my first trip to Hong Kong. The atmosphere is what you'd expect from a Disney park, and it's nice to walk around but in terms of actual attractions it is a bit thin on the ground. By far the worst of the three parks I've been to.
Not as big as other disneyland but the joy will be priceless. Disneyland is the happiest place on earth and HK Disneyland is the happiest place in Asia. We enjoyed the Mystic Point 4d effects and show.
One day is not enough for this attraction, the one negative point here is that people take toooooooooooooo long a time in taking pictures without understanding about the long queeeeeeeeeee, it is definitely a wonderful place for kids around 7 10 yrs
The kids had a brilliant time here! For young children, it's probably the best theme park I've been too   there was only one ride that my 4.5 year old was too short to go on. Definitely stay for the night parade, the boys loved it!
The parc is very nice and nice attractions even the metro train is a Disney train . The parade is very nice
This park is just like any other Disney amusement parks with almost all the rides that are available in any Disney park but it was not as fun as the other ones; it lacks the fun spirit. I used to hate the long lines that are stick with all Disney Parks that I have visited before but when I visited this one and almost did al the rides that we like in no time (waiting time for Space Mountain was only 5 minutes), I discovered that some of the good part were the queue lines and the big number of happy people around you. Moreover, the music around the park is too dull and you cannot live the moment like what you do in other Disney parks. it is very difficult to have a taxi after the park is closed; it will be better if you leave before the closing time or rely on the metro train for the transportation. We did not see Disney characters going around the park like other Disney parks except one time when we just arrived and unfortunately, they left before we had a chance for our kids to shake hands and have some autographs.
We have visited HKG Disney in couple. The biggest mystery was : how is it possible that even bamboos are artificial? In HKG! In SE Asia! I mean there are so much bamboo growing in this part of Asia that using artificial one is nonsence! Disapointing
My husband and I came to visit Hong Kong and Disneyland Hong Kong is one of our most favorite place.All are decorated beautifully, green and clean. There was not too much food to choose but taste really good and fresh. I love the Korean Squid, very juicy and tasty. Love all of parades, daytime and nighttime, especially the firework performance @8.30PM. Frozen show and the Lion King show was amazing, we really love. I would like to thank all of Disneyland members who gave all of us great parades, all member who wear Pooh, Mickey Mouses and all Disney's characters clothes, you guys are very great and work really hard. Thanks to all of cleaning staffs of Disneyland, who keep the Disneyland always clean and beautiful. Thanks to all.We will come back soon.
We just loved Disneyland Hong Kong. We did our research beforehand and went straight to the rides that are the most popular in order to do them before the crowd, but surprising, we didn't have to wait very long for any attraction. We stayed at Hong Kong Disneyland Hollywood hotel where a shuttle bus picked us up and dropped us to and from Disneyland. It was great. Disneyland is well worth the trip. It was wonderful.
excellent service good quality  nice management  very good Disneyland resort  nice public transport facility
We visited Hong Kong Disney with kids aged 44, 41, 14 and 5 and had a splendid time. It was indeed a good decision to stay overnight at the Disney hotel as that allowed us to enjoy the park at leisure but still wasn't sufficient to cover all the rides. Must Dos at the park:Shows  The Golden Mickeys, Philar Magic and Winnie the Pooh (unfortunately wasn't available on our visit dates)Parades (both) and Fireworks   do not miss this for anythingRides  All rides are good and most amazing ones are Grizzly Gulch and Space Mountain .Overall we had a very good time as kids!
This was our 1st time to go to Disneyland, and it was so memorable.. This amusement park is really amazed us with a lot attractions and games..We are going with our 2 teens and 1 toddler.. Despite their age part adrift, they seem enjoy all the games.What we must prepare before go to Disneyland is, don't forget to bring your umbrella, rain coat because there is one or two games which is using water, a lot like rain.. So bring your rain coat, so that you don't have to buy it and only use it once.The food at the foodcourt are so so taste.. Plenty of merchandise stores..Stay until the park is closed because they gave us a spectacular fireworks show before closing the gate..
Not quite as big as disneyland Paris but just as fun!Very busy when we visited in July but it was th school holidaysEasy to book online and use the ticket machines to redeem voucherThe train there was clean, easy to get to but pretty busy Pretty much what you would expect from Disney, very cleqn and tidy, prices ok and guaranteed fun,
I went with my parents and we had so much fun! The food was great and nicely packed in a Micky head bento box. Love the evening parade so much!
This Was a great place to spend a full day. We started by taking the metro from HK island and hopping on the Disney metro. From there we entered the park, as a cast member at the time it was jusy like American Disney and we went to guest services and got our passes. It is very similar to Disney world's magic kingdom in Florida except on a smaller scale, the castle is very small in comparison but they do have a toy story land, which has several cute rides. There is decent international foods at sit down restaurants but many kiosks of food are catered to Asian fare. It is good to bring your own snacks and drinks because it gets very hot. We arrived when the park opened and stayed all the way through the fireworks show which was very nice. They mark off areas and allow people to sit, which was nice, helped make it easier for more people to see. There were plenty of shows to watch. We watched the lion king and though it was abridged the singing, dancing and props were excellent. In general it is just as magical as you wish and want Disney to be, just on a smaller scale. As a foreigner many people will take pictures of you and with you. We had a Korean friend with us and as an Asian it was often assumed she spoke Chinese or was Chinese and this had its own props and cons. Expect lines.
Highly recommend taking the family here to have that Disney experience. It is such an amazing place. I went as a solo traveller and had so much fun. It is easily covered in a day, but if you want to go on rides etc more than once or have small children I would probably do it in two days so it's not rushed and you can enjoy it.The price of food and drinks are a bit expensive but you can take your own in, I would definitely take a few bottles of water.A portable mini fan is a must!!! It can get super hot in there, especially when waiting in line with a hundred other people.
The only other Disneyland I've been to is Tokyo many years ago but I definitely remember it being bigger than the Hong Kong Disneyland. Hong Kong Disneyland is smaller (the Cinderella castle is super small so that kind of makes the rest seem smaller too) but has a few fun rides like the roller coaster at Grizzly Gulch and also Space Mountain. The rest are very tame and mostly visual, ie. the It's a Small World ride and the Mystic Manor ride. They were a refreshing and cute break from the heat though! The food is pretty terrible I think.. And for exorbitant prices.. But I guess that's expected for a theme park because they know you can't go anywhere else! All in all we had a lot of fun tho  we made a day out of it since I was there on a short work trip and had an extra day. I wanted to buy everything in the shops too, everything was super cute!
As the name goes, so the mickey and mini.. The Donald Duck. They have a beautiful light sound show. And few of the best rides. There is a space coaster which was great, ship and reverse roller coaster. Must visit.
Having been to Disneyland in Anaheim, Hong Kong's Disneyland is the exact same magical place.  Wonderful for children and adults.  There is something to make everyone smile and feel happy.  Certainly recommend it if you have a day night spare in Honkers.
For the family traveller Disneyland Hong Kong is the closest  Happiest place on earth  of ALL the Disneyland's to Australia. On our last day in Hong Kong we Always (weather permitting) go to Disneyland and spend the day there prior to catching our night flight home to Australia. We leave the Novotel Nathan Road, catch the train to Central Station and walk around to the Hong Kong Airport Checkin where we check our baggage and get seat allocation home, board the train to Sunny Bay station & transfer to the Disneyland Resort train. You can also place your cabin baggage into secure lockers to save carrying it around all day.From Disneyland it is only a short train journey to the airport without lining up to checkin as you have already completed that early that morning. A MUST DO!!!!!
The place is nice for family bonding and also for good friends. I enjoyed visit the haunted house specially for Halloween celebration. We loved the jungle cruise and riding the Go Cart. Disneyland wont be complete without taking pictures with Mickey Mouse. I enjoyedalso the night parade with songs and danced and wonderful fireworks. The most memorable trip to Disneyland with always make your heart feel young.
Really enjoy Disneyland with family we have a fantastic day our baby girl enjoy so much do not miss the firework amazing
Last minute decision to visit HK Disney, but thoroughly enjoyed it. Sadly this time of the year (March), many rides closed for maintenance, so check before you go! Don't miss Duffy's Afternoon Tea at the Corner Cafe, even if you're an adult. : )Easily reached using the excellent HK Metro, the customised trains for the last past of the journey puts you in a happy Disney mood.
We only spent one day at the park, but could have easily spent two days here. A great day with my 11 YO daughter and 65 YO mum. There was plenty for all of us to enjoy together. The Lion King show was outstanding. Not sure if we were just lucky but we went on a week day and wasn't school holidays but there were either no queues or minimal queues for rides. My daughter a thrill seeker managed to go on the toy story speed racer roller coater 4 x and also the runaway train x 4 times and also space mountain 4 x.. we did most of the park in one day but there was more to see and could have easily had another day of fun on a second day. The fireworks at the end of the day are worth watching as was the mid afternoon parade. We ate at the corner caf   in the main street USA. The food was good, slightly expensive compared to other places around HK but still reasonable for a theme park and the food was delicious and we made it our main meal for the day. Will definitely visit again:)
The smallest of DisneyLands, but still worth visiting. Bought 2 day ticket but ended up going only for a day. Quite small and more suitable for small kids. Everything is super expensive, food souvenirs etc but nonetheless worth visiting for the Disney experience.
Its very nice, of course its huge!A few tips: 1) The park allows unlimited water, so please carry water with you!2) Yes, food inside is expensive! And unlike ocean park, I did not find any Mc Donalds here! Hence, you either pay 150 HKD for a decent 1 person meal or choose to stay hungry :( :( :(3) The space mountain ride is awesome at tomorrowland, don't miss it!4) Clothes here are at a VERY reasonable price! Around just 200 HKD and they are of very good quality! Make sure you have at least 1 tshirt to take back with you that shouts DISNEYLAND HONG KONG!5) Fire show and Parade are ultra awesome, go fall in love with the finale!
While the park is not too large, it's comfortable to take 2 days at the park. 1 day will suffice if u start early and come in on a non weekend. Crowds come in everyday. Very limited options for a Indian vegetarian (only one restaurant has a limited menu). Non Vegetarian food is available in aplenty. Carry sandwiches, water, an umbrella for the kids, it helps as they tire from all the walking. Wait lines are grueling at times, with show wait times being almost half n hour. Iron Man attraction is the latest addition to come up next year. Grizzly is a must go to ride. Meet & greet with the characters was fun, look for timing as given in the park schedule. The evening & night parades are a must see, the fireworks are the highlight.
I thought it was absolutely brilliant. The rides were fun for me and all my friends. It was my birthday party.
We have visited Florida Disney before but much preferred this park with our 4 year old twins. Much smaller and easier to walk around. Rides were all fantastic and because we were here mid week, there were no queues!! The parade was just fantastic and the dancers were so energetic and all happy and waving! My only criticism of the park is that I think space mountain should be for 120cm kids not 104 as it is so fast they can't control their neck muscles well enough at that age!! We will come back neck year for sure! Loved it!!
worth visiting place with kids.Enjoyed a lot in disneyland. My 8 years daughter's favorite place in Hongkong.
If you are visiting Hong Kong, I would recommend that you visit this place as it caters for all.Even if you are without kids, you can roll back the years and feel the nostalgia of Disney :D.The queues aren't too long, although you can get rude tourists trying to cut through queues but this is a general problem with Hong Kong these days. I won't go into it further but you can research this, it's not a massive problem as the staff handle it quite well.
I am a huge Disneyland fan (Anaheim) and have been many times. When the opportunity arose to visit Hong Kong Disney I did not hesitate. We were lucky   we visited on a very quiet day   we had no lines on most of the rides (only Autopia 30 mins and Dumbo 20 mins). The rest we just walked on!! It was amazing and allowed us to do the whole park easily in one day! You could not count on this!!We came straight from the airport on the MTR   had to do a couple of transfers but it was very easy. We utilised the lockers at Disney to store our things for the day. (we travelled light so only had a small backpack each)It was a fun day that I would not have missed however it cannot be compared to Anaheim or Florida in regards to size or atmosphere.
There are many rides which you can't complete within a day. You get exhausted !!! Very clean neat and tidy, Hong Kong is situated on small island and surrounded with small small island. With space constraints they have arranged in systematic way and made very attractive.
Some tips I have to offer: Arrive at 10am. Skip the photo taking with characters during the opening as there will be long queues. Instead rush to all the popular rides! I started of with tomorrowland for the space roller coaster then went anticlockwise to visit the other islands. Fast pass is only applicable to 2 rides including Winnie the pooh, however there is no need for this if you are there early. Remember to be back at Main Street at 2.55pm, sit down by the road at a good spot and await the Disney Parade! The tram ride's view to and from Main Street  Fantasy Island is nothing spectacular so you can skip this. However, try to visit all the shows that are available in the different islands. Loved the mystic house show.
we had fun for 2 days.Must visit place in life time.Its Mickey and Disney character magic all the way.Love the place.Dnt miss Night Parade Specially.
we been there by train,Ticket a bit expensive, but definitely worth for it. I love their popcorn, is delicious. I was there during monsoon season and its raining, a lot of program were cancelled but still enjoy it. The conversation with stitch, drawing class ...etc. love it!
Compared to other theme parks that I have been to, Hong Kong Disneyland did not appear impressive at all because it looked as though it has seen better days. We skipped the rides and focused on the shows and they more than made up for our initial disappointment with the place. We took the boat ride that took us inside,  It's a Small World  and we were amazed at the extensive research and creativity that went into the execution of the miniature world, complete with costumes and delightful animation. The Lion King proved to be a colossal presentation with an international cast and the of the state of the art stage was amazing because it made the transition in between the scenes very precise and magical. The Frozen Village proved to be very popular with the kids as they had the chance to frolic in the snow and to watch Elsa sing on stage with the backdrop of the movie itself being flashed on the big screen. I probably expected a lot more from the evening parade and the fireworks display but just the same they succeeded in adding fun and excitement to this wonderful world of make believe.
It's still a magical place for kids and adults alike. We went on a Thursday afternoon and it wasn't too crowded. The queues to the rides were reasonable and thus waiting time wasn't annoying. However, I visited another theme park in Osaka last year and found the guest relations staff in Osaka more helpful than HK Disney's staff. We went with a family with a 2 year old child. As we were queuing to watch Mickey's PhilharMagic 3D show, we asked for the directions to the train ride. It was just behind 2 attractions from the theater. However, the theater staff didn't mention that train rides were only until 5.30PM. We could've taken the train ride first then watched the 3D show later. So, we missed the train ride. Then we couldn't wait for the fireworks at 8.30PM so we asked if the characters would be meeting and greeting the people. The staff said the characters would be coming out at 9.30PM. it was just 6.30PM that time! As we were about to exit the park, we saw people seated in the pavement and all over the place. When we asked another staff, he said that the characters will parade at 7.30PM. The staff we inquired from could have mentioned this to us. because of these, I rate the park just average.
Who don't love disneyland. Especially children. It's always a must visit place for the children. Food inside the park are also good and yummy. Lucky we dont have to queue too long for the frozen village. Try to come as early as possible. They give away express pass for first few visitors.
We absolutely loved our day here it was amazing. I understand some people might want huge rides that aren't so child friendly but we found more than enough fun and thrills in the rides they have there. We managed to go on every ride   some twice. The toy story area was particularly fantastic as was Mystic Manor. I can't see how anyone could fail to be impressed with the 3D Mickey show, the lion king performance or the parade. Disney are exceptionally good at costumes and set design and I think these three things were worth the admission price alone. We bought our own picnic with us as the food is expensive   8 for two ice creams! There were lots of nice areas to sit and eat. Also the water fountains are helpful to keep the cost down. If you are looking for huge rides maybe don't bother but if you like Disney and just want a fun day out then don't hesitate go!
A totally kids place but hey, who doesn't like Disneyland! It was fun pretending to be kids once more and go onto the kiddy rides!
We went in early Sept ( 2 Adults and 2 kids) had a great time.Had a 2 day pass not sure you really need 2 days we could have do it in 1 but was nice not having to rush around alot of walking the rides are aimed at smaller kids (i think) but still sum scary rides as well don;t get me wrong .Sum thing for all ages .We were lucky didnt have to wait long in lines(5 10 min).The shows are good we love the 3 d movie.You have to be early to get a seat at shows busy. Lots for toliets (very clean)and food places.
Went on a Thursday and was not too busy which was great as there was no lining up for rides. The food we had wasn't to great   tho they had Dole soft serve cones which was delicious!!! Been to Paris Disneyland and found that a bit better than this one. I think the atmosphere couldve been better.
Great time had here. We got the 2 day pass and you need it as there is so much to do and look at and its tiring as theres a lot of walking. So you definitely need 2 days. The food is quite expensive though.
Visited in September with our 6 year old. Despite it being smaller than other Disneyland, we certainly didn't run out of things to do. In fact, we could have happily spent another day, the only thing that stopped us was that the heat was quite extreme; an umbrella is recommended. We must have chosen the right time to go as there was no line up at all at popular rides such as Space Mountain and Grizzly Mountain so could go on these rides several times. Mickey's Philharmagic and It's a Small World were surprisingly good and recommended. Only significant lineup was for Winnie the Pooh ride (30 mins) which is a waste of time for children over 2! Overall, a very fun day!
Loved the place and its heaven for kids.Best part is fireworks and Disney parade ,that happens after 7pm.Rides more suited for kids but enjoyed a lot here.
Hongkong disneyland is the must visit sightseeing spot for all ! It requires a full day to enjoy at full ! frequent transportation is available to reach Disneyland
Thoroughly enjoyed our 2 days at Disneyland.Not sure why but we didn't need to queue long for anything. We visited on the 8th and 10th of September and the most we had to wait was one go round per ride.I would suggest the 2 day pass if traveling with younger children so they can enjoy at their pace. There is also stroller rental available which helps when the little legs get tired.
I am not sure about other things but one thing that a visit to Disneyland teaches you is patience... Every ride, every show tests your patience with long wait that too in the humid Hongkong heat...I feel one day is not enough to explore the whole disneyland and that too with small kids or infants.Don't forget to take a map from the entrance and plan which section you will visit first before you enter.Another tip is to take rides while the public is busy checking out the parade....One thing must is to see the shows as that are more entertaining specially the Frozen show. Remember that it gets sold out very fast.Also don't forget to take umbrella, lots of water and sun protection lotion.
Good day out if got young kids. Tickets were easy to purchase through hotel before arriving, so dont need to line up when get there.Only problem, couple rides were closed on day of visit. Just need more regular busses to and from venue if staying in main hong kong, instead of catching 3 different trains.
The best close up fireworks I've ever seen in my travels.ONE thing to do here is to stay till 8.30 pm to watch fireworks! There are so many attractions and rides to play and see. I simply love watching the parades. Try going for all of them. Take a map and schedule of the shows with you or else you won't be able to catch up with time. Queues for the ride I'd say moderate given that I went on a Saturday afternoon. Don't expect too much for the indoor roller coaster rides. In my opinion, they were anti climax. I was expecting a slow ascend and quick drop  ( So I recommend going for all of the performances including the parades, Lion King, Stitch and etc.
This place is realy cool to go to during Halloween. I had been to this attraction before and infact enjoyed it quite a lot outside of the Halloween times. However, during halloween they put on a few extra attractions of the spooky kind and they really do it well. I went at night and recommend that as the time to go (better atmosphere). One attraction in particular was a kind of ghost walk (Simple but effective). I would love to tell you exactly what happens but I don't want to spoil it for you. No matter how prepared you are to be spooked there's is always some that surprise you and it's hysterically funny. I was surprised also that the queues were not all that long. As far as I know the Halloween event goes for at least a few weeks.
We were a little disappointed with Disneyland in that it is not well signed so that even though we had prepaid vouchers, we ended up in a queue for 1.5 hours before we could exchange them for tickets to enter.Once inside, like all theme parks, the queues were fairly long for all the rides so that it did not allow enough time to see the whole theme park and, would require one to purchase a 2 day pass to do so. This was very disappointing as we missed out on a few places of interest.However, having said that, the evening ended spectacularly with the parade and fireworks.
I think the Hong Kong Disneyland is one of the smaller in the the world. The people from mainland China are stucking in the park. They are talking lound and spilting every where. It never can compare with the other Disneyland so far.
Same Disneyland with Orient Culture   food was fantastic and different from the American Resorts. Expensive but definetly worth it!
A warm Friday in August. It was 36 degrees even the hand rails were hot. Queuing for up to 45 mins Many families from Mainland China had arrived for a weekend so the park was very busy. Very clean park. Easy to get to on train. Take water take hats and prepare for long waits for food rides and seats in the shade. Park staff are great and helpful. A lovely small Disneyland.
                      Disneyland                                               10:00AM   9:00PM                                                                                                     (                            1                                                           )                                                                                                                                                Fast Pass                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Fast Pass                           Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters  Space Mountain  The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh  Fantasy Gardens  Mickey's PhilharMagic  Festival of the Lion King
Went on week day, not much queue. Take the train ride first ,Pooh was good in fantasy land & u cud hav ur pics taken with characters here, do not waste time in the main street entrance. Frozen village snow play area was good , the show was not good..Lion king show in adventure land was with acrobatics. Plz don't take 5 yr kids on space mountain too dark.
Must place to visit once in your life... Time will passes like anything. Only problem in Disneyland is fooding if you are vegetarian
Visited here at business trip, everything is awesome, it's a dream land where you feel yourself a child.. Amazing rides and good food with goof shopping place.... Loved it
Interesting place. Children enjoyed this place for sure. Must bring umbrella or hats or caps. Very hot when we went ther. Drinks and food very expensive.
Well, as a kid grow up with Disney Channel and Disney Movie, to be able to come to Disneyland is a dream come true. Honestly, to come here was not ever cross my mind or become my wish list. No, because I know somehow it beyond my reach, it seem so far away, it was just fantasy.So when I take my first step though the gate to enter the Disneyland Hong Kong, I feel so overwhelmed.    Oh my Goodness it is true   , I scream in my head. I even can hide my tears away, yeah, I know, I am that sensitive, ^ ^.Well, since we planned our trip to Hong Kong, I already put Disneyland Hong Kong in my itinerary, but it could be changed due to the situation since we have very limited time so I didn't book my ticket yet. If you planned to go to Disneyland Hong Kong, you can book your ticket from home via online or in some Disneyland ticket counters around the city. You can find in the airport, Central Station and others designated counters.The benefit of buy your ticket earlier before you go to Disneyland is you don't have to batter to Que, well at least less queuing. Second, if you book on a certain date, you will be guarantee to enter when there are limitation attendant to avoid crowded inside the park. If you lucky there are some cute merchandise available.With the ticket in our hand, since we stay in Central Hong Kong, we took the MRT Disneyland Resort Line which become your gateway to the magic.Even the park open at 10.00AM until 07.30PM, the best time to visit Disneyland is in the afternoon until it's closed, well after lunch is the best time. Because for sure you will need all energy. The park is huge. Mostly people with children will visit Disneyland for two days and they have special price, much more cheaper if you intend to do so.Don't be confused when you in there, just grasp the map and start to explore. If you like to see the glance of Disneyland before decided to go, just take the train station by the gate. The train will take you a half circle of the park, for the next half, just get down and take another train, well you already complete the tour already. ^ ^Since the park is really huge, the better way to explore the park is go in a circle. From Main Street, U.S.A go directly to Adventure land then to Grizzly Gulch, Mystic Point, Toy Story Land, then to Fantasy land and then Tomorrow land and you will be back to Main Street. You can do the other way around as well. Oh a little tips, don't shop in the Main Street when you start to explore, do the shopping things in the end, believe me, it was so annoying not to mention heavy to carry on those souvenirs around.Walking around the park is amazing, but don't forget to drink, a lot of drink. Well you don't have to bring big gallon of water, when you go around. There were so much food stool in every theme park, some have their unique and special dishes. If you really hungry, there are two big food court areas that provide all kind of foods other then some stall along the way. The one that we visit was in The Adventure land. You will find any kind tempting dishes from around the world including Halal food and vegetarian. We could find Nasi Bali, Nasi Briyani and Nasi Lemak served there.For an adult the games in Disneyland was not that challenge, well, honestly, Dufan in Jakarta is more attractive. But for kids, Disneyland is paradise. You will meet Mickey, Minnie, Donald, Goofy, Dumbo, Tinkerbell and all the fairies, all Disney Princess such as Aurora, Cinderella, Snow White, oh you can meet Woody and Buzz and Stitch and lot more. Don't forget to check the schedule from the Stage Shows so you can watch    Festival of The Lion King    or    The Golden Mickeys    or    Stitch Encounter   . When you where there, don't miss the parade and of course    Disney in the Stars    Fireworks.It was a wonderful day in Disneyland Hong Kong. Well a day is never enough. Would you come with me next time?
If you have grown up watching the Disney characters, there is no way you can miss this attraction.The overall area may be smaller than the one Florida, but its more than worth a visit. Start your day early so you escape the rush at the queues at the latter part of the day. Be in comfortable clothing and footwear because you have a long day ahead, all by your own 2 feet. If you are visiting with kids, make sure they are well hydrated and fed since its all in the open. If you a tourist, try visiting on a weekday.The place will be less crowded.
I found the locals to be courteous compared to Paris, where we experienced pushing bad manners and longer queues. The weather was fantastic, and we felt no pressure getting on rides, longest wait was about 30 mins so pretty good.The only down side is that it's smaller than EuroDisney, but still a fantastic experience.
Overpriced, considering that after entry you need to queue ages all the time to try anything you want. Eventually all the parents spend the day in the shop to make their kids happy. Or at the restaurants. No more.
If you are in Hong Kong, Disneyland is a must!! I recommend getting your tickets beforehand (we got ours from our hotel staff at Cordis) the line was still big which was the only downside but once you are through it just gets better and better. The lines for rides can be a bit of a wait at times but thats expected. Lots of rides, attractions and shows to be seen. Was a very exhausting fun day.
Compared to other Disneyland franchise in the whole world, this Disneyland is probably the smallest one. As a frequent visitor to Hong Kong, I have seen and experienced its development over years. I think I have seen the passion and urge of this Disneyland to expand and offer the visitors new attractions or lands which are not to be seen in another Disneyland. My favourite things to do there are:1) Space Mountain: the pitch dark roller coaster with (one single) sudden drop and a series of sharp turns. Not all Disneyland has the Space Mountain featuring the car with the built in speaker, which skyrockets the thrill during the ride. 2) Toy Story: AC Racer is the must! Probably the highest and the most thrilling ride in the park3) Grizzly Gruch: This beautifully designed roller coaster is amazing! Not scary at all and features the backwards running! 4) The Lion King Show: Who can miss this amazingly talented cast?
We had read that there wasn't much to do here but that's just not true. There were plenty rides, fabulous parades, lots of places to eat and a couple of shows. We saw the Lion King which was excellent but were unable to see Frozen as we were told we would need to queue for 2 hours and 20 minutes to get in. I would therefore suggest more fast passes should be issued or more performances scheduled. The only negative in an otherwise perfect day!!1
Hong Kong Disney is much smaller to the other Disney parks, but still great and unique in it's own way! They have a few of the  classics , but also many unique and great experiential rides. We went on a weekday in August and it was very quiet! Almost no lines for anything! We had a great day :)
Oh what an experience, this was one of the best moment of my life , enjoyed completely with my kid and wife, how the day passed quicky couldnt even though of it.so many entertainments for kids as well as for grown ups.a must vist in a life time .
full of enjoyment woderful rides,people can enjoy here with family with childrens at its best.food is comparatively costly.
The weather was great and almost no Q for the atractions during the week. 2 days were needed to try all the rides and enjoy the whole place though.
Better get your tickets early n print them online. Used Klook app to buy our tickets to Disney and had no problems.Be prepared to have your bags checked upon presenting your tickets.They have absolutely stunning shows. U should try and catch all of the shows available.Dont miss out on the parades. They have one in the afternoon and one in the evening.Go early and leave late.Be sure to bring your wallet coz u are wanna buy stuff over there.Plus now there is a frozen village for the Anna and Elsa fans. You can take pics with Olaf too  )
Is worth a visit.  Friends of ours got sick at the Disneyland and the staff were quick to help us and the first aid point was wonderful.  A little pricey but it Disneyland, it's what you expect
We brought my daughter and nephew to Disneyland for the first time.. and it was a blast. The cousins got to bond with each other (as they live in different countries). they are actually happy everywhere we bring them and they do not complain of being tired. We survived the lonq queues for the rides and shows. We caught a glimpse of the afternoon parade and the kids watched with awe. However, the 2 hours waiting time for the frozen village show is not worth it unless you're a frozen movie fanatic. I recommend that you bring your own water bottle and refill at water fountains near the toilets. We waited for the fireworks display on the second day and my daughter was not so scared of fireworks (or the loud sounds) anymore. Amazing trip and I can say that Disneyland never fails to amaze kids and kids at heart.
It is certainly a one time watch, the Parade was quite impressive but overall I would feel that it is not at par to the standards of other Disney Theme Parks
A great park to walk through and enjoy the many sights and attractions.  Managed to get on most of the rides we wanted to do with minimal waits and the night time parade was very well done. Could easily have done a second day!
Grandkids loved it.They missed the parade so they could go on more while nobody was queuing . Not very big but still very good.Easy to get to by train.
I love HK Disneyland it has even thing, not as big as the one in Orlando, so it is more enjoyable, for some reason, I think the staff is more friendly and they are willing to help you in any way.The park is very convenient not only because of its size is also because of the access to it, you can go by taxi from the hotel or if you want more adventure the MTR is very helpful way to go there. The rides are great many new feelings, I will not tell you which ones but you have to try them. GREAT PARK
Was disappointing from a personal point of view, there are only a few rides and i would rate the most extreme a 6 10. Great for kids with all disney characters around. Easy access via MTR from HK
Hong Kong Disney was fantastic! The prices were reasonable by Disney standards. They had a great selection of food and souvenirs. You could probably ride everything in 2 full days at the park. The parades were fabulous and the staff were great! We stayed at the Disney Hollywood Hotel and we loved it! The bus service from the hotels to the park was great as well!
We went there on 09 sep Wednesday and 10 sep Thursday .My kids were aged 5,6 and 9 year old . They loved the parachute at toy story land and tomorrow land shooting game .For adults , we loved the mystic mansion and night parade !
Our family of 5, 2A 3 C went to disneyland park on 09 sep and 10 sep Wednesday and Thursdays .We bought 2 days ticket through hotelinhongkong.net. It's much cheaper than buying through the disneyland site. We bought through credit card purchase which is slightly more ex than paying cash. Payment by cash u will have to collect at their office in tsim sha tsui. For payment by credit card, we can collect at the airport . As We only plan to go disneyland for this time round , so we opt for credit card payment and collection at airport.Adult is at hkd 615, child at hkd 428.We had a wonderful time at the park! As it's mid week, and it's super hot plus it's the off peak period , considering it's just after many countries summer holiday and before Halloween decor is up, the park is not so crowded . The longest queue was at frozen village which the wait time was abt 20 mins . For all other rides , we just walk in and took the rides in less than 5 mins.My kids are 5,6 and 9 year old . 2 girls and 1 boy. So they love tomorrow land , toy story land and sleeping beauty castle . We didn't do any roller coasters as the kids don't want to .Tomorrow land : we noticed that they are building ironman building just next to the cafe , should be up by 2016 . Something to look forward to . The kids favorite is the blasting game where they shoot the aliens. It's just beside the cafe and merchandise shop . As there were noooo queue, they played almost 10 times! Superd! I love the flying saucer and the autopia. Toy story land: kids favourite is the parachute. No queue for this too . As the parachute got lifted up , we got a birds eye view of the park. When it falls , my heart almost came out together ... Hahah but the kids love it and love our scared expressions ...I love the doggy ride which is like a mini roller coaster .Mystic mansion is something not to be missed . The kids were quite scared by it but as adults , we were amazed by the effects of this ride . Must try if u are there .Parade: there is the usual day parade and the new night parade at around 7pm. I personally loved the night parade very much ! There is a real moving lightning McQueen car and truck! Amazing ! The lights and cast are all very professional ! We are very impressed by this .Fireworks: it's was awesome ! Food wise , we originally thought we buy the meal voucher when we were there, but we were told that the expensive restaurants were all closed that day . So it's not worth to buy the meal vouchers . The cheaper meals cos much less. It's abt HKD100 per set meals for the less expensive meals . As we are sharing the food most of the time , it really cost less than the value of meal voucher . We find the portion of food is quite big , and taste good too !Overall, we had a very good experience in the park ! Though it's very hot in the day time, the night was more cooling , we were blessed that there is no much long queues and all enjoyed
Come early to Disney HK If you want to get an excellent picture with their Disneyland Arch front entrance; the earlier you get there the less people will be right behind your picture, In short, there will be no photo bomber on your picture.
Its my first Disney park visit so was excited, but didn't find much adult rides and activities.Best place to visit with kids off course but do carry umbrella(in my thinking )on sunny days because it's too hot. And be ready for long walks :)And I found more shopping Disney shops then rides.Well connected with metro tube but less options for taxi to return.
smaller size disneyland compare to the States or Japan. good to young kids. with older kids, think Ocean Park would be more for them. A must is the 4D cinema. food on the expensive side.. but it is the theme park. Both time we went during the day, but have notice people coming later to beat the heat.
You will definetly going to enjoy this park even you are an adult. You should spend time there from the opening hour to closing. The parade and firework is a must experience if you visit this park. For muslim, you can ask for a room to pray at the City Hall but you need to perform your abulation at the toilet beside the city hall. You cannot bring food from outside but Halal food is sold in the park. You should try the mickey waffle.
My wife and I went to Disneyland, Hong Kong in July 2014. It was a conducted day tour.Hong Kong Disney is a very well organized huge amusement park with many rides, rope way. What I liked most are Penguins in super chilled enclosure and huge Panda.
Visited Disneyland in September over 2 days with my 2 kids age 3 and 8. The kids thoroughly enjoyed themselves although the rides are catered more to younger kids. My 8 yr old was getting quite bored as there are only a handful of adventurous rides. The weather was very hot and the park overall does not have much shelter, so be prepared for lots of sweating if you go in summer. Queues are longer for the kiddy rides than for the more exciting roller coaster type rides. Queues are also long for the photo taking sessions with characters. There are strollers and lockers available for rent (average 100 HKD) and meals are pricey and not very yummy. The park is quite small, so it's possible to cover everything in a day if you go all out. The highlight is definitely the fireworks at night   can never get tired of that magical display. Go a little earlier to get better view points   move towards the front and get a seat on the ground, much better than jostling with the standing crowd behind.
I was on the fence about doing this Disney or the Tokyo Disney but I'm glad I did this one. Albeit a smaller park (currently expanding) the quality of the rides and attractions is better than you'd expect. It's also cheaper than other disneys and amusement parks. The staff is friendly, lots of English spoken. And maybe it's a Friday thing or a fluke, but the characters were out in full force doing photos. Grizzly gulch was my personal favorite area, we did 2 day passes and even with crowds, 1 day was enough, but the 2nd day didn't go to waste. I didn't have to rush I could go get on more rides, or re ride ones I liked. The food is good, they have wifi in some areas. My only gripe is toy story land is not as big as I envisioned, and there wasn't very much toy story selection items to buy in comparison. I was also surprised there was no Mulan related anything there. If you go there though do the philbar I think it is,it's a 3d movie show but well worth it. As is the lion king show they do. Not a big park, but they certainly put quality and effort into this one.
Kids love it! Enjoy n have lots of fun.  Food expensive so recommend to buy e meal voucher via klook.com
Hong Kong Disney is the best amongst the world as it is very complex and packed within walking distance. It got a the amusement games attract children. No more no less just enough for a one day trip. The parade is the best and the firework also the best. It is recommended to stay in the Disney hotel for one or two night then you can enjoy all the games but no need to rush home. The facility inside the hotel also six stars
Visited with my family (no school going children). i guess it's more suitable for those with young children. The rides are limited for adults. I was just happy that we went on a weekday and there wasn't any crowd. We queued 10 minutes max for rides. The park was clean and the best part was shopping for souvenirs. The staff were friendly and spoke adequate english. The parade was great to catch too! I've been to Disneyland in Tokyo and i gotta say the Japanese one is better :)
The smaller Asian version of the original. Was here with my family during Christmas Eve 2014. It is a fairyland for my youngest kid who was 8 but for her teenage siblings, most of the attractions were considered mundane ..... boring. They enjoyed the more adrenalin packed Ocean Park. However, just as we were about to leave in the late evening, the Parade of lights let us open our eyes again. The performance is great and all my kids really enjoyed watching them. Wonder the next time I visit will probably be when I have grandchildren.
Visited disney hongkong in november 2014 . Spent the whole day over there. The shows were good and parades as usual upto disney standards. But felt all the rides were more for smaller or younger kids. But definitely takes u back to childhood. The light show with fireworks at night is worth the wait and should not be missed.
Parade was fantastic,  show was good, food just average.  Overprice souvenirs,  but that's what you expect in theme park.
Much bigger than I was expecting. Heard so many stories about how small it is, but with small kids it's actually great. Very good for young kids, but older kids would be bored quickly. As usual, food & drinks are exorbitant. Night parade was greatGiving it 2 stars for no wireless internet in the park.
as expected the park was brilliant. the characters and parades were excellent and the shows were very entertaining. the queue time went up and down but with long open hours it didn't matter. we did every ride at least once and had a relaxing 2 hour lunch watching the parade. the food is mainly junk food and its expensive but thats to be expected. it was the highlight of my trip to hong kong.
Got there on the MRT, very easy, bought the tickets through CTS, only saved $5 as it turned out, not worth the effort really. $100 AUD Saw the Grand Parade which was good, and the light the night parade was very good as were the fireworks, but overall it wasn't as big as Paris Disney and didn't have the higher end shops, a lot of things were not open, I admit it was not busy, but food is so expensive, $10 for a sandwich, $5 for an icy pole, yes there are water fountains, at one place all 3 were not working and the water is warm.
Went to Disneyland yesterday, my first time. Was quite good but I had expected a bit more. Quite a few things weren't opened. You had to pay to get a photo of the characters, you couldn't just get a photo yourself. I thought you would have the characters just wondering around. The rides were quite good, but does cost Aust 100 dollars so not cheap.the parade at night is worth staying for was excellent. The fire works too were good!A good experience , but would work out expensive with kids as that's what it's for!
We moved to HK when my son was less than a year old. Thus we have visited Disney land a number of times every year. He enjoyed it very much especially the rides like tea cups, an indoor ride with beautiful music and dolls called Small World, etc. The Lion King show is also a must for both kids and adults. The newly opened rides including train rides were also exciting for kids. Definitely recommended for families visiting HK to see at least once.Although smaller than most Disneylands in other countries, still need to wear comfortable shoes because it will require a lot of walking for parents and kids. Good news is that parents of children under 6 years or so could hire a push chair from the customer service desk so you they would not have to carry their children the whole day around Disneyland.
It was very great vising hk disneyland , we went their by metro , yes you have to walk a lot , dont forget to carry your umbrella it was very hot in september first week , out side eatables or selfie sticks are not allowed inside , they also provide locker too , eating inside is very expensive but you have no choice and food also is not good. All rides and shows was very awesome , its for adult also not for kids   because it is very good. One can cover only all shows and rides if you enter exact at 10 am there when it opens , you should leave your hotel at 8 am , and you can also prebook your tickets on their site and also can buy there too. You will need all one day , from 10 am to 8 am to cover all things , there was also a bigand very nice parade starts at 8 pm . Its a must do thing , awesome . First on time of booking you will feel that price of one ticket is expensive but after watching all shows you will feel its worth it more .
Not very impressed by Disneyland Hong Kong. This park did not feel like Disney at all. Atmosphere felt so sterile and cast members were rude unhelpful and unobliging.There is lack of shad ed areas throughout park and it got very hot out there. Food outlets very average
We visited Disneyland Hong Kong on 2nd Sept. Walking in, got greeted with the rain   not many areas to sit away from the rain, but this is part of the weather climate, so not really bothered. Had a coffee (latte) which tasted a bit funny, realised then it was made on Long Life Milk. Made the mental note to drink soda for the rest of the day.The rides were phenomenal and I loved the Street Parade at the end of the night. Didn't stay for the fireworks because we had one exhuasted little 11yr old....
My 6 and 4 years old spent great time in Disneyland. It is beautiful, colorful and magical park. The only bad experience we had its in Frozen village. You need to wait 2 hours in a queue and it does not worth it.The show is awful. You will see some songs from the Frozen move and in the end 2 meters hight Elsa will  sing  the main song. Ridiculous! My kids were disappointed.
I was just so happy that finally, there is a Disneyland affordable and so near my country which is the Philippines... and be able to bring my daughter to see Mickey, Minnie and the Disney princesses too...Disneyland HK, is near the airport and can be easily access via the MTR. though some says that it is small compared to other Disneyland, you still need to have a day to explore and experience all that it has to offer from attractions to rides. though we weren't able to see the parade as we were on one of the theaters when they pass. overall,one must visit Disneyland when they are in Hongkong, they just need to be patient though when they want to have pictures with Disney characters that change every 15 minutes or so...
Disneyland Hongkong will turnout to be a disappointment if you have visitied disneyland in USA. The thrill rides and roller coasters are very limited.  Recommended for kinds below 12 years of age
We went to Disneyland Hongkong early September and the time was probably the best time to go as the queues weren't too large. All of the characters were friendly, and the rides were incredibly enjoyable. Absolutely brilliant firework and parade show at night, featuring most of the Disney characters. Cast members were very polite & professional and mostly spoke perfect English. We really felt honored on this trip as we were chosen by the staff to officiate the opening of the park on that day. As we came to know, they will randomly choose a family on that day itself to do the opening with them. We were ushered in ahead of the crowd and had special photography moment with the famous characters Micky & Minnie. This has absolutely made our day! We were there for a day and half and certainly we would love to stay there longer. An excellent day out for families, couples and friends alike! Definitely worth the money!
This is our first Disneyland trip and what we have expected is way too high than what we've experienced!We haven't seen Mickey and the gang! The Character Meet locations indicated in the map are all vacant, we went in at 12 NN and left at 9 PM and no Disney Character! My two daughters were so disappointed!Good thing we waited for 1.5 hours (under the hot sun), to see Elsa and Anna   the show was very good though, but considering the time you waste under the hot sun just to go to a ride or a show is not worth with the price you paid to enter Disneyland!All guests are wet with sweat! It is very hot with very minimal shades and blowers! And the queues are hyterical!So many food stalls are closed and the few that are open closed down 2 hours early!And the staff, I think they need customer service training! It is a very hot place with very cold people!Hong Kong Disneyland is a joke! Walt Disney should consider removing his brand in this place!
nice place to visit enjoyable i wish to come back again.my family enjoy our Christmas vacation this is our second time already our first was summer.every thing is clean surroundings crews are friendly and accommodating. more power Disney land see you this sept
Memorable Experience. Kid Friendly rides. Had fun coming here with friends and will surely come back again.
Biggest disappointment was not being able to get a photo with some of the characters as of the long queue. Managed to score an express pass, keep your eyes open for an opportunity to do this as it is a chance to skip the queue. Must see the parade show and fireworks display. Don't get too excited as the castle is made form cardboard (sucks right) . Make it a two day trip in order to ride all the rides. I'd suggest you purchase a ticket either at your hotel or ask around as at disneyland there is queue for this. Have Fun! & take a full battery cellphone or camera.
Hong Kong Disneyland is fabulous! My family of two adults and two children really enjoyed our two day pass. The grounds of the theme park are beautiful and the rides were great fun. The Grizzly Gulch rollercoaster was fantastic!! My family's absolute favourite ride! You can get Fast Passes for certain rides, which I would definitely recommend. Also, although most of the rides have an approx wait time listed at the entry I don't think that these times are all that reflective of the actual wait time. I suggest looking at the size of the queue if you can, as we found the listed wait times often didn't match the actual time at all. Some wait times were way longer than indicated and others which had a suggested long wait time ended up having a short wait time. All in all though HK Disneyland was fantastic and I would absolutely recommend it!
This was our 5th Disneyland we had visited, we had been to every Disneyland in the world, and unfortunately this was the most disappointing, it didn't have the magic feel of all the other Disneyland's, and the castle was boarded up as it was under repair. If you want the real free of a magical Disneyland California is the best one!
We went with family thoroughly enjoyed our time at Disneyland have been to all the Disneylands but enjoyed Hong Kong so much  Great atmosphere good rides and friendly atmosphere  would go again
Don't buy ticket in Disneyland, buy it somewhere else out there because the queue for ticket purchase was unbelievable crowded!! You will run out of time. Visit this land on the weekday to avoid the crowd so you can enjoy every attractions. Even the attractions not much and mostly for kids, but we're never been too old for Disney. Beware of Asian people who like to cut off the queue or pushing you, many of them did it. Bring empty bottles, there are many drinking water fountain next to the toilet.
nice place. 3 things that u should not miss is the evening parade, the night parade and the closing fireworks show. be sure to check the timing because sometimes it does change.
We had wonderful time with my teen boy.Enjoyed  rides ,food,theater and mostly when the same rides we used during the day turned into something beyond explanation amazing in the evening.!!!  Take your kids there you will come refreshed and stress free!!!
I've just been back home from this place. Very hot weather summer. It is small, compare to Tokyo Disney, one day visit you can play all games. Enjoy...
Loved the rides especially mystic manor.  The theme park reminds me of my favourite childhood characters. Food is also delicious. If you are visiting HK for first time. You must visit disneyland atleast once.
entry fee was quite expensive and it was really crowded. the waiting time for each ride was about 45 mins and there wasnt enough shaddy areas for resting. the only plus point was the fireworks at the end of the day.. at least i know where the majority of my entry fee went
This was my first trip to a Disneyland, so i was so excited and it was great, but a little disappointing. Quite small and we had most of it covered in approx 2 hrs. There are only a few adult rides, mostly things for kids to do and families, but the few rides were fun. Now i want to go to all the others and see what they are like?
Our first Disneyland experience with our 3 year old daughter. We went on a weekday when the park was surposed to be quieter. When we arrived not long after 10am we meets large cues with only two thirds of the ticket office open. 45 minutes we waited to pay to get in. As you could tell by looking around most the girls going were wearing some kind of Frozen clothing and there was going to be a lot of interest in the Frozen village, one of the main reasons we were taking our daughter. After getting our bearings and reading the site map we had to fight for we headed to the Frozen village as there is a small amount of tickets for each show allocated on a first come basis. We arrived at 11.15am to be told all tickets had been given out so if we wanted to see the show and enter the village we would have stand and wait...you should get into the 2.30pm we were told, so they expect you to stand for 3 hours in the blazing sun with a 3 year old. We left to see some of the rest of the park and came back around 5pm to try to get one of the later shows...we still had to stand for nearly two hours but at least it was cooler then. The show was quite good as was meeting Olaf and the sleigh ride...but they closed the indoor snow village before we had chance to go play. There must be a better way to organise this..the rest of the park was quite good, we stayed to closing at 9pm but only managed to get on 8 rides and grab a quick burger in this time (10 hours)...you need a two day ticket if you want a chance to go on most of the rides...expensive for 8 rides and a short show...
This is my first time in disneyland, there is too many people, especially people from china ! omg they dont line up, they p every where ! Even the staff dont care what they did ! I dont think staff a well trained.
A minimum of two days is needed for this Park.No selfie sticks are allowed,which is a great idea as these can be quite annoying at times.This park needs to have times of shows printed on their brochures as we missed a couple of shows .Had to queue up for most rides and shows for at least 45 mins to an hour which does take up a lot of your day.The Frozen section was a disappointment as the times of the shows listed on the board were apparently unavailable and we didn't get to see this.We did enjoy going and we're glad we went.
3rd visit in 4 years and this visit was the best one ever. Everything improved tremendously, park was lively, good entertainment all around, parade was amazing, ate at the inn at main st and the food and service was superb. Overall pricing of retail and food items are cheap compared to ocean park with way way way better quality. I know I shouldn't state ocean park because it's not even close to being a competitor. Also, costume characters are amazing, always present, good turn around time with reasonable queue time. Fast pass is fantastic unlike universal where you've got to pay extra cash. A little under the belt there by universal. Overall still the best park in Asia for those who are not seeking for extreme thrill.
Pros: 1. Well..everybody loves disneyland 2. Mystic point ( a must visit )... Magneto ride the kids love 3. Minnie mouse ice cream bar...Yummyyyy 4. There are hidden Disney Coin Press ( ...i became a collector  5. Own subway station 6. Own disney train ( with mickey windows, mickey artifacts, etc. ) 7. The list goes on and on...Cons: It gets bigger and better its hard to finish all the rides in one day
Its a very beautiful place for all kids. kids will enjoy a lot. I have already been to paris disney too. but just one problem. For adults thier are no activities little boring for them. Less benches available for resting.
They don't have fast or loopy rollercoasters like in Disneyland Paris but still have that great magical atmosphere. Good for kids but not grown ups. The end finale was not as good as DLP Disney dreams but it was still good.The negatives part were mainland chinese people who kept doing their toilet business in every bush you see despite being numerous toilets. What did the toilets do to offend them? Also, having claustrophobia it doesn't help that they do not care for manners or queues, they did not hesitate to push me out of the way IN THE QUEUE. Also, a lady devide to pour water on the floor and my shoes despite being inside a shop. Of course this does not mean all mainlamd Chinese are like these, just from the ones I have encountered. Since you will find big tourist groups coming here.
My first time to Disneyland Hong Kong. It was great place with all the fun and exciting attraction inside the park. In order to fully enjoy all the attraction, better to buy 2 days pass. During my visit end of August, it crowed with people. Really long queue for food at cafe and also join in the park attraction. Worst queue is going into Frozen theme. Like the Lion King show, It really wonderful. The queue is so long until cannot wait. The parade is spectacular and the firework is magical.
As one of those people who has been to American Disneylands as well as the one in Paris I find this one ridiculously over crowded. One hour plus waits at not only rides but even restaurants. It has all the basic things that Disneylands have. The parades are nice too.
Over pack with visitors, need to spend long time in queuing up for each of the games.   Even need to queue very long for foods.  Foods is very expensive & tasteless.
I love Disneyland! Pro: Staff is really friendly and they are always smiling. Fireworks are really great! Cons: Crowded during school holiday and long queue for rides. Smallest Disneyland in the world.Although with all the cons, I still love Disneyland. The shows are awesome and you can forget everything when you are there. Even as an adult, I went crazily happy when I'm there.
Me and my friends bought the 1 day pass admission to Disneyland. We went on 3rd week of August. Note to myself and all, it is SUMMER during that period.To get to HK Disneyland we need to take the MTR and alight at Sunny bay to take the Disneyland line to Disneyland. The MTR to Disneyland is decorated with mickey symbols.Upon arrival, there were a sea of people with children at the entrance gate. the queue for the tickets take almost an hour to pass. Lucky of us, we have bough the e tickets earlier through our agent back in Malaysia and we exchange with proper tickets at the exchange kiosk.Please be informed that at the entry gate, there staffs will check the contents of the bag. Outside foodstuff and drinks are no allowed. Please be reminded that selfie stick is not allowed. Since it is summer and summer holidays in HK and China all waiting lines queue waiting times ranging from 15 minutes to 60 minutes. So, please choose and plan your rides.Please note that there are 2 rides (if im not mistaken) has fast pass. One of it is Space Mountain which the ride was superb! The normal queue itself takes an hour and the Fast Pass lane also takes about 15 minutes waiting.As for food, for muslims there are 2 certified halal eateries located within Disneyland   Tahitian Palace (located at Adventureland) and Explorer's Club (loacated at Mystic Point). Expect to fork around HK$100 200 per meal with drinks.We also tried the churros with ice cream at Jessie Snack Roundup located at Toy Storyland. for those who are eager to try, there is also Mickey shaped waffles located at the Main Street.Souvenir shops are abundance alongside the Main Street. As for the night parade, we are slightly disappointed with the show as the songs and music are in CHINESE and not even Disney songs was played which is quite surprising. No doubt it was colourful & exciting. The parade is scheduled at 8.00pm sharp. For comfortable & good view (front row), I advised to arrive at the parade location around 7.45pm at least to secure place and sit on the pavement as most people do. As for fireworks, it is superb and worth staying. It is scheduled at 9.00pm. However, we decided to move to the MTR station along the performance of the fireworks to avoid super big crowd at the MTR station if we wait to the end. Some of the crowd also decided to leave to avoid the MTR rush. However, we manage to see the fireworks while running back to the MTR station. The crowd as full till the extent of the entrance to watch the fireworks.Cutting queues is normal, especially by PRC visitors (im not bias but it is too good to be true!). So, be firm and I advice to hold the railings both hands in the queue line & watch out with your queue by the front and side. My advice is to avoid visiting Disneyland and all HK attractions during summer at all costs due to the summer holidays and the flooding of PRC people with their annoying attitude plus the extremely hot & humid weather. Its was an experience to all of us. However, we enjoyed Disneyland HK & managed to take 10 rides of the attraction despite of the huge summer crowd.Cheers!
As usual for a Disney park very clean, staff were friendly and overall park is standard for Disney, layout & atmosphere. Tiny castle compared with other Disney parks around the world. Very busy but worth a visit for the Disney enthusiast. Perhaps 5 stars is over rated but then again it's Disney and you can't really fault it. Food in park was nice, not just standard burgers, instead they had pasta and curry on the menu, very nice.   40 entrance fee. My dissapointment was that there is nothing once you come out of the park, no shopping district. Also it takes an hour from central HK so you can't really pop back to hotel and refresh. We were tired so left at 4pm and didn't return as it would have meant another 2 hours on a train.
Went with my son. We really enjoyed the rides. Especially the RC racer ride we rode at least 7 times at the end of the day. Also the roller coaster rode many times near the end of the day. We love all of the Disney parks around the world.
I went there with husband, son in law, daughter and granddaughter, I know my granddaughter had the time of her live but I sure dit as well.
Wow! Where do I start? The Cast Members are uncharacteristically rude, unhelpful and do NOT enforce the  No Selfie Sticks  rule. Other park guests push shove spit and urinate in the trash cans   no spreading of Disney Magic here   just germs. We are BIG Disney fans and have visited the Orlando and Paris parks numerous times, we went with an open mind and whilst the park and rides are cute and pleasing the people are most definitely not.
It isn't as magical as the Paris one but Disneyland is Disneyland at the end of the day. Must visit if in Hong Kong
A must when in honkers Lovely and clean Caters for western food eaters Did not wait long for rides max was 20 mins Firework show was amazing Price to get in is good And merchandise in shops is reasonable also We spent 10 hrs there got it all done in 1 day
I have to say disneyland does make one forget all the sorrow and unhappiness in the real world. Staff were very nice. It's quieter lately since there are less Chinese visitor visiting Hong Kong. So, it's a must go when you come to Hong Kong
Having been to a couple of other Disney parks (Florida and Paris) I had high expectations for this one, and boy were they met. Though it is not as good as its American cousins, and it can undoubtedly be experienced fully in just one day, I had a fantastic time and would thoroughly recommend it to anyone, whether travelling with kids or not. Be sure to stick around for the fireworks   they are understated but still very entertaining
Disneyland Hongkong offers you an amazing childhood experience. We went there by a special MTR line, decorated with a Disney charaters. The station was also great. This is such an unforgettable experience.
I visited with my wife which was a big fan of Mickey, the weather was not nice but still continue with the itinerary. The queue was long but fast moving, we are wet but didn't mind and overwhelm with excitement. The rides was amazing specially the Space Mountain, didn't expect it with such an small area.Better use FastPass if available to avoid long queue on attraction. Everything was expensive inside as common to them park, you cannot bring your own food inside.Merchandise was not as we expected, for the stuff toys we are looking at the Disney embroidery on the foot but didn't find any, they are selling just like any other common Disney stuff toys in the market.
What can I say? It was a lovely experience for our entire family. It was fun right throughout. Not only my daughter but even my mother was acting like a 10 year old!! Right from the Disney train to the Disneyland till our return, we were in awe and loved every moment. An everlasting memorable visit.
I am a disney lover (and annual pass holder)So as you can imagine I was crazy excited to go to Hong Kong disney! It was cute and well thought out...but in no way does it compare to wdwI was disappointed but if you have never been to Orlando I'm sure this is a very nice day
We visited for our daughters birthday and weren't disappointed. Whilst smaller than Orlando it was vastly superior across all aspects than Disneyland Paris. Overall a very good day. Food was however distinctly average and barely warm.
Amazing place to see on either your way to he city or out. good panoramic view and must see place when in the city
AmazingFabulousExtra ordinary Out of this world Enchanting Adventurous Thrilling WowIs it real?How's that possible?Am I dreaming?You'll be short of words to describe Disneyland HongKong.It was my daughters' dream and my dream to fulfil their dream to come here.Everything was exactly same or even better than how it was supposed to be.Well thought and nicely executed, great rides, perfect people to be around...... It was a place you wish to visit again and again.Its was a great excursion...
Why go anywhere else to see Disland our experience was AMAZING we travelled with my daughter son in law and three grandchildren I was just as or struck as my grandchildren as this was a dream of mine when I was a child being November it was very close to Christmas and we saw the tallest Christmas Tree as we entered Disneyland Hong Kong at the end of the evening we saw all the fireworks just like on TV plus it even Snowed something I will never forget so beautiful (fake Snow of course after all it is Disney Land) It was every thing we thought it would be rides things to see food and the Train to Disneyland even has windows shaped like Mickey Mouse my Grandaughter even had photos with Minnie Mouse Brilliant 100% a must to visit
It's a delight for kids. Evening parade is not to be missed. There are some great shows. Very clean. Fantastic dreamy.
If you come here and compare to Orlando you will be disappointed but is always great fun being in Disney. Can't help but feel like a child again. Not too many attractions but do the Rocky Mountain as is great fun. Love the train journey which builds the excitement.
What can I say. It's a delight for kids. Evening parade is not to be missed. There are some great shows. Were little disappointed with Frozen as we couldn't get there despite wasting lot of time as there were advance bookings. Kids were very disappointed but I guess this is how it is. Public Transportation is great so that's not a worry
visited Hong Kong Disneyland on the 14th May 2015, i used the MTR to get there which was a very quick and efficient way of travelling there from Hong Kong Island. I had already purchased my ticket from the hotel I was staying at which cost me $499 Hkd. Never having been to any of the Disneyland resorts I don't have much to compare it to, I found that the wait times for most of the rides weren't very long and as I was visiting by myself I was able to get on some of the rides a lot quicker as a single rider. Overall I had a good day there and if would definitely go again if i was travelling in the region. Based on some of the other reviews i have read about wait times and crowding, I didnt experience any of these issues.
My dream destination since a kid. Im grateful to my husband for taking out time from his busy schedule and gift me an entire day in the resort and park. We visited almost every attraction and all the themes. Im in complete awe with this place. Every experience is worth a memory.
Must Visit for family's with kids as my daughter just loved it and she was not willing to return.Points to covered in Disneyland.1) Please be on time to visit the as its a huge to cover in one days but can cover of with proper maps and All shows conducted too Good. Please check the show schedule before you start inside.2) Rides are not that interesting for adults except few once but for kids they will just love the Land.3) Food : Pathetic food for Pure Vegetarians. Expensive also. 4) The two parade conducted awesome especially the Night parade followed by Fire crackers show. 5) For Kids below 6 years Advice to take the strollers if want to enjoy otherwise they will be tired before the day ends.6) Kids will really love the Land especially meeting with all their favorite Disney Characters and getting photoshoot with all.7) Very well planned and Good Arrangements for Drinking waters and Washrooms for seniors citizens.8) Huge crowds visit per days, so have to wait for each rides and shows conducted so please do not waste any time if wish to see the entire Disneyland. A Must visit, Will love to visit Next time.
We were thinking between Ocean Park and Disneyland and decided on the latter. Though full of kids, we had a great time doing most of the adult rides.  I especially enjoyed RC Racer!
I went to HK DIsney at around 1030am: 1) Buy your tickets online or at 7 11, MTR stations  Line was very long when we got there early (about a 20minute wait)2) Bring sunscreen, umbrella, fan   very very hot3)Lines were about 20 30mins tops in the morning, by afternoon waiting time was 45 60minutes.4)Single rider lines go much faster   esp for the Space Mountain ride, we got to ride it thrice in a row with only a 10 15minute wait time5)Favorite Rides: Mystic Manor, Space Mountain, Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars, RC Racer! The rest of the rides are for kids.
its the smallest Disneyland and there are very few attractions,  not worth its money, too expensive and nothing to do.
I'm sorry I have to rate a visit to a Disney property as only average, but do to the exstensive renovations and limited ride avalibility, I have no choice. On the upside it looks like future visitors will have an opportunity at an expanded park with more attractions. 2016 and beyond should be great!
Ew, no! You don't go to HK for Disneyland. You can take the MTR line that goes to Disneyland and admire the Mickey Mouse shaped windows and handles. Save the entrance fee for something else. Like eating street food or going to Ocean Park.
Ideal for families to visit, especially on a cooler weather. Visited on a summer season and purposely went there 4pmish (just on time to catch the parade) to avoid the heat. But it was not hot. Since we came in late, we missed a lot of shows. Nonetheless, we caught the night parade and the fireworks, which are good enough.
We went as a family, Nan, Pop Daughter, Son in Law , Miss 6 and Mr 3. HK Disneyland is perfect for families with younger children, say under 15. I think that older and more adventuristic kids may find this place a bit tame, however, for our family it was perfect, we found the rides were great and the kids and big kids had a ball. Also there were plenty of places to eat, everything from a burger to a sit down meal at prices that aren't too bad. Be sure to stay till the grand parade, 7.45pm I think, it was spectacular, well worth waiting for.
Never again! What a waste of time and money. The park is TINY compared to other Disneylands (we have been to four altogether) and the props, decorations ATC a very poor standard. This is the poor man's Disneyland. If you are thinking of here vs the U.S. or Paris parks, it's not even worth considering Hong Kong. Very disappointing. I'd only go if you happen to have a day free and the kids are bored and have never been to a Disneyland before. Don't take them if they've been as this one is Dismal land!
Tip of my travel with kids to Hkg. Also english speaking. Very clean. Fantastic dreamy. Wish we had time to spend at its hotel.
the opening of the Toy Story area has certainly improved the experience, shortening waiting time for most of the attractions.  Mystic manor  should not be missed, absolutely phenomenal, take your kids there
When u go there ull feel like u never get old... everything will catch ur eyes... stay tuned with the parade during the day and amazing fireworks at the night its a musssst...
Enjoyed the visit however the trek there from HK central was long then when you arrive the lines to the rides were massive although loved the roller coaster, tea cups and the boat safari cruise ride. Make sure take lots of water and wear good walking shoes... Happy got my Mickey Mouse ears although everything not that cheap . Am happy for the experience.
Not so good as it is publicised. You have to wait in a queue to get clicked with the disney characters which can be hours long. Rides are good enjoyed a lot. Waited for the special disney parade but it was cancelled due to rain. overall not so good experience.
Its a fun day out, however there were too many people there, mainly China mainland tour group. I think also you don't want to go during the school holidays as Im told the crowds are huge. Considering how long ago this park opened, I think there should be more attractions. Like most amusement parks there is a height minimum for the kids to go on some rides. Overall a good day when we went which was on the first weekday just after the school holidays in 2014. We will go back again for sure and see what has changed if any.
all the age group can have fun at this place. good time spend. enjoy a lot. good time pass. i feel one day is inf.
There's really something about going to Disney. It's like being a kid all over again. HK Disneyland, being one of the smaller parks, did not disappoint. The electrical parade and the fireworks are still the highlight for me. They have great food of all cuisines available all over the park. The rides were a bit small and less thrilling but still good for the whole family. An enjoyable experience, nonetheless!
The best place for kids to visit and the Kid At Heart. Adults are brought back to their childhood, and everyone looks really happy and excited to be there. Food and water is a bit pricey so make sure you eat somewhere before going there. Bring your umbrella or a raincoat in case it rains. Wear comfy shoes.
Been there in May 2015 on a long weekend with much of an expectation. You have to take a special Disney themed train from Sunny Bay station MTR station. Entrace of the park is so so, nothing great. Rides and attraction were also not too great, Ocean Park is much mush better than this. You take picture with disney characters only at a specific time on the day, that too after queuing for almost an hour. These characters don't roam around the park freely. Much hyped Disney Parade was cancelled due to rain, so much of a disappointment there.Overall, I wont recommend this place, specially at price tag of 500 HKD, not at all worth it. Go to Ocean Park, cheaper and most importantly, better!
We visited Disneyland HK in August. I'd read lots of blogs & thought I was well prepared! How wrong! We arrived an hour and a half before opening time & it was already very busy, take no notice of the blogs that advise it'll be quiet first thing! Queuing doesn't exist in Disneyland HK & queue jumping appears to be a well practiced Olympic sport. There's really no point in being riled as it would only ruin YOUR day & it seems to be accepted here. Our cool bag with wheels wasn't allowed in, so don't bother. As soon as we entered I dashed to Frozen Village to get tickets for the Frozen show. It's first come first served, so if you want to see it head there first. The show was ok & the tobogganing & snow afterwards are a real treat. We bought the meal voucher & the lovely lady at Guest Relations ensured we knew which restaurants to use to make it worth while   & it definitely was. The food was great in both restaurants we used & it was so hot outside the children needed time over meals to rest & recoup. (We dined in The Explorer restaurant & Banqueting Hall). Use the Fastpasses early!!! They finish in the afternoon & we missed the Whinnie The Pooh ride as there was over an hours wait time & we were too late to Fastpass. Mystic Manor was great & we walked straight in there first thing, my youngest is 7 & he loved it but it may prove a little scary for younger ones. The queue for the RC ride was over half an hour but we all loved it & felt the waiting was worth it. Although Disneyland HK is small, it was incredibly hot & busy (we visited on a Tuesday), therefore we didn't get to see everything we wanted too. Head for the things you want to do first & fill in later. We're hoping to visit again nearer Christmas & will visit the rides we didn't cover then. If you have any questions or queries whilst in the park, ask! We found ALL the staff to be incredibly helpful & great with the children.There isn't quite the atmosphere of Disneyworld & we missed the looming castle of DW, but nevertheless we all had a great day & can't wait to go back.
As an American it's weird to admit, but I've never been to Disney World or Disneyland. This was my first Disney experience and I thoroughly enjoyed it despite rainy weather. The food was outrageously expensive, which I'm told is the Disney norm. Though I can't personally compare, my friends said that this park's update  It's a Small World  ride made it worth the trip.
Fantastic trip for the kids.  They really enjoyed themselves and left many  memorable experience.  Will return again
although it was summer and was very hot during our visit, we definitely had a good experience. the lines weren't that long and takes roughly 10 20 minutes for each ride. we were disappointed with the Frozen Village because we weren't able to come inside.but when i left my camera in Merlin's Treasures in Toy story Land, i was very satisfied with the way the staff helped me out and assisted me to the City Hall. and yes, i recovered my camera. all in all, it was fun!
My kids enjoyed it but it's just not for me. Expensive entry ticket, long queues, crowded and extortionately expensive food. Compared to the one in Florida, this one is small.  As an adult, I'd have preferred Ocean Park.
Hongkong Disneyland is a good place for family Entertainment. Many rides are attractive. Alot of restaurants inside theme park.
It's huge place to be covered in single day but must say dream come true for all Disney fans...loved the parade show...lot of food options so no need to carry food inside..just avoid Sundays as it's get too crowded with local public also there...took lot of time to do a ride
I turned 50 so decided to be a big kid for the day and maybe get a picture with a princess or two. This place is overcrowded, full of rude locals, overpriced for food & drink, looooong ques and unless your desperate or filthy rich, the souvenirs will take a big chunk out of your budget. We waited for a parade and got a spot in the front, this was short lived as others use their kids to force past you and then follow themselves, in all a waste of time & money. Obviously if this is your thing, go for it, characters available for photos ha! good for kids I suppose as they don't have to pay.
Rather small compared to the other Disneyland. But lots of fun and a great place to spend one day with your friends and families.
I n my kidee enjoy a lot at disney world it was lot of fun full of fun enjoye enjoy.worst part is the hotel disney hollywood hotel i stay in reason is first of all during checkin time seeing my wife had injured her leg still they told me to wait n ask me 300hkd. Secondly i had opted fr mickey bkf which i wont prefer
Overshadowed by the goliath Disneyland in America, and Disneyland in France you can't help but feel a little underwhelmed when visiting Hong Kong Disneyland. It's still a visit to Disneyland nonetheless. The Mickey Mouse themed trains are excellent, but are definitely catered to the smaller Chinese populace. The Park itself isn't massive but has enough to make a half day out of it.
Disney is obviously one of the best companies in the world and their theme parks are amazingly crafted and well thought out places. I spent the day here with my friend and we are Disney fans. The park has some excellent shows such as the Philharmonic and some exciting new rides that I had never been to before in the USA. One of my favorite stops was the Animator's Studio, where we learned how to draw a popular Disney character. However, I would not recommend going on a hot day. There is too much open space and at times the heat was almost unbearable, even for Hong Kong! The food selection was average; it seemed most of the restaurants served the same foods. The Toy Story land decorations are top notch!
Long queues.. Did not get to see all the attractions. It is relatively small park, though.. Very helpful staff..
I only had half a day to spend at this park. It worked out great because it is a smaller Disney Park and my 23 year old son and I had a great time in just a few hours. Since this is a smaller park, we were able to visit all sections and ride rides of interest. Lines weren't too long and we got the Disney experience in our abbreviated stay. I also thought the cost was reasonable for a Disney Park.
While smaller than other Disney parks, this theme park does well to keep the standard high. The crowds were present, and the queues could be long, but not bad compared to what's encountered at other Disney parks worldwide. Best to arrive early in the morning to beat some of the queues. Read ahead on what the events are for the day and you can plan to see parades, shows, do photo ops with Mickey Minnie Elsa Anna. There was a Frozen themed village display, but the only way to get in was to queue up at the area itself within the park right when the whole park opens at 1000. Thus, check ahead and you might have a more meaningful experience, especially if bringing kids. It's pricey like all Disney parks, but a very good experience overall. A lot of shows events are in Cantonese with English subtitles displayed on screens.Best way to get in is via metro which stops at a station prior, then you board a Disney metro that goes one additional stop to Disney only. Very convenient. Better than paying for a cab bus.
Wonderful show! Cheap   650 per day. All rides are OK. All the bright, colorful, pleasant actors queue moving quickly   long waiting anywhere. I advise everyone! We liked it more than in Ocean Park!
We loved our 2 days at Disneyland Hong Kong! Even though it was super busy, our line up wait times were atmost 10 minutes! Staff were super friendly and very helpful. Very easy to get to it by metro, my daughter loved the disney themed metro cars! It was my daughters first time at any disneyland and she could not stop smiling from ear to ear! The only drawback is we found it  REALLY EXPENSIVE  to purchase souvenirs at the park!
Expected to meet Mickey but so sad.. i can not take picture with him.. so long queue  and finally just going around the park. one time visit is enough for me.
My girlfriend and I are diehard Disney fans and Hong Kong Disneyland did not disappoint. She has been to both American Disney parks and Paris Disneyland so we had been told that Hong Kong was very small. We bought a 2 day pass in spite of this and were surprised that the size of this Disneyland was comparable to Paris. We went on a Monday and Tuesday hoping that the crowds would be smaller. I would definitely reccomend a 2 day pass if you are passionate about Disney Because in the 2 days we did every ride in the park at least once and saw every show except we missed out on The afternoon flights of fantasy parade and the stitch encounter. We did not see every character advertised on their website but were surprised to see some that weren't advertised like Olaf . If your kid is a diehard Disney fan be prepared to get to the park early because you need a reservation pass to go to the frozen village and then you. Then there is another seperate pass to meet Anna Elsa and Kristoff. We had some extra money given to us by family so we were able to get meal coupons which included 1 lunch and 1 dinner and 1 snack at the Disneyland snack carts and selected restaurants. They set us back $278HKD each but proved to be worth it. Eating in the Royal Banquet Hall with the princesses was a highlight for my girlfriend. The ride lines are super short and make sure you utilise fast pass because you'll just walk right into the ride and they're free. Only Winnie the Pooh and space mountain have fast pass , the longest wait time was 40 minutes for Autopia. All the shows were amazing including the golden mickeys an attraction that I believe has now ended. The fireworks were spectacular and we could still see them when we took off from the airport. The merchandise was very good with lots of buy this get this much off, we did with tshirt and mugs the staff were very friendly. Overall it was definitely a wonderful trip and a great place to start your Disney adventure if your from Australia and don't want to travel to far from home!
I've been to different disneylands.. From Tokyo to Anaheim. hongkong disneyland isn't as big as other, but it sure worth to visit! They have best food compare to other Disneyland! And it's easily accessible by MTR. Cute train! We had so much fun that we have to come back the next day
Had greatest time with Disney friends.  It is a great day for fun in the City that Never Sleeps near China.  Would recommend.
We visited HK Disneyland with our 17 year old daughter on Aug 15 which was a really rainy day. Despite the fact that we had to carry umbrellas while walking, we find the place to be fun. We bought tickets through our hotel concierge. Then we boarded the MTR from Tsim Sha Tsui Station all the way to Lai King. From Lai King, we had to take another line which took us to Sunnybay. There is no mistaking the route of the Sunnybay train because its windows are shaped as Mickey Mouse and its only route is Disneyland.Upon reaching the place, you will immediately feel light and happy as you hear Disney music playing while walking to the main entrance. Upon entering, we noticed several uniformed park personnel cleaning the area. One secret not known to all is thatcyou may approach any of them to ask for Disney character stickers. We approached  Eiddy  (not sure of spelling) who was very friendly and cheerful, exactly how someone working at Disneyland should be. We mentioned this because there were some staff who were not as happy looking. We also noticed that some of their costumes uniforms seem tired looking already and in need of a change.The park is not too big which is perfect. Walking distance between attractions is manageable. Waiting time for popular rides may take up to 40 minutes.It is best to arrive at the park a little after opening, in order to avoid the queues. Then allow enough waiting time for each ride to maximize the stay.Do not miss Small World, the Mickey 4D movie and Mystic Manor. Overall it was a really fun experience and we wouldnt hesitate to go back to the happiest place on earth.
This is the smallest Disneyland I have been to (I have been to the California and Florida resorts) but by far my favourite! The cute atmosphere is great, and the cast members are always kind and helpful! The whole park is adorable, and the atmosphere is very fun. This park takes me back to my child hood! The main tip is to get there right as it opens and go straight to the back of the park. You will get the park to yourself in the back areas for the first half hour if you hurry. The Grysley Gyser drink by Grysley Gulch is amazing, as are the fish and chips! Try the fish balls (Yue dan), they are authentic Hong Kong food, and I personally love them.
It probably the tiniest Disneyland in the world, right size with 2 young kids easily get tired. The park facilities were cute and clean. Staff members were polite and high respect to their guests. Just wish they had better foot traffic control though. Those groupies (I guess) were cutting in lines often, and it was frustrated for the rest who were follow the rules. 2 year old couldn't stop saying 'mommy, its not fair'!
Such a wonderful experience. It's not large yet Anaheim, California or Florida but it's worth the visit. There a a number of different themes there that are so much fun. The parade is great and the cast is very polished. Loved it and I'll go again for my third time soon.
We haven't been to a Disney park since we tool our kids 15 yrs ago.The park is on the same mtr line as the big Buddha so decided to stop off after we had visited the big Buddha .The park don't do half day tickets which is a supreme they used to.The park was typically Disney well organised ;lots going on and expensive.The park is almost identical to Paris but with happier and more polite cast membersI enjoyed being a kid again! Worth the visit
We were advised by someone that half a day would be plenty at Disneyland... so we purchased 1 day tickets at Hong Kong airport when we arrived (from the Disney store in Terminal 3). We had 3 children   4, 7 & 9yo. In hindsight... we wish we had of got the 2 day pass.We arrived at 10.30am to discover that the Frozen  land  was completely booked out for the entire day. Apparently you have to arrive at 9am, reservation tickets are issued at 9.30am, and they were all gone by 10am. And the tickets give you access to the entire Frozen section as well as the show. Without the tickets   you cannot go into the  Frozen land  at all. It was a hot day, and there is an insane amount of umbrellas. We went on a Friday and it felt incredibly busy. We later discovered that it was school holidays in China... so that would have made it busier than usual. Bags were checked when entering Disneyland... so I assume that BYO food drinks is not permitted. So bring lots of money for food & drinks. Waits for rides were 30 45mins.... with the longest being 1 hour for a couple of the rides. (Thus the reason a 2 day pass would be preferable). We ran out of time to even see one of the worlds.... but it was an enjoyable day. The Lion King show was great.... so do try to see that.We watched the two parades, and stayed for the fireworks. And although there were 1000's of people leaving at the same time... the train ride was bearable. Tips:  go early, particularly if you want to see the Frozen world  try to avoid going in the middle of summer, but if you have to   take an umbrella and or fan. There is not much shade anywhere in Disneyland.  try to avoid school holiday times if possible.  try to go on weekdays. I've heard that weekends are incredibly busy.  if you have more than 1 child, or young children   buy a 2 day pass so you are not pressured to see everything in one day.   Buy stuff at the Disney stores at the airport (2 stores in Terminal 3, and 1 when you go through the gate). We got some great bargains at the airport stores.
Its too little. Not that good. Definately choose the other hk park that os way better. If you know disney usa this one will dissapoint you
Been several times in Disneyland Hong Kong, in fact over four times over the last five years. I've also traveled to Orlando and Anaheim some time back which allow me to compare the parks. Disneyland HK is on Lantau Island, which is good 40 minutes taxi drive away from the Kowloon or from Hong Kong Island. Alternative, the MTR brings you there in the same time for a fraction of the price. One word to the entrance free   well, you know it, its the same all around the world. Too much no matter what job you have. All attractions have no fee and are good for children up to 10 years old.Compare to Anaheim or Orlando, Disney HK is of course small but cute and you not walk off your feet like in Disney World. Food is expensive and from low quality; also do not go weekends, simply too many visitors from mainland china.Verdict: Disney, Disney, Disney Location Transport with MTR Pricing  Food is poor
Although smaller in comparison to other disneylands, this was my magical experience with disney theme parks and I enjoyed it. It really brought out the kid in me. Easily accessible from Kowloon via the MTR, arrive early to beat the crowds. Have an attraction plan(like us) if you plan to ride all rides and watch the shows that you want. We enjoyed all the shows that we went to and most shows are bi lingual (English and Cantonese) such as Lion King, Golden Mickeys. Staff is friendly and park is clean. Food selection is average, taste is below average which is to be expected.Word of caution: during big queues for shows, keep an eye out for mainland chinese kids who weave(cutting lines) their way to the front acting all innocent. A few minutes later, their parents would come squeezing past pointing at their children in the front to get to them. Once they get to them, they stay there in their new position in the queue as if it was ethically accepted. Park staff would not get involved. We have blocked a couple but these happen quite regularly in non single file queues.
Was awesome being able to act like a big kid for an entire day! The longest queries we waited in were only 1 hour long. The rides, although most not thrilling were lots of fun.The highlight for me was watching the musical performance of the Lion King which was truly phenomenal! Its a theme park so food water and snacks were way over priced. but that's to be expected. Would highly recommend going! Its a full day 10am.  9pm and well worth the money
Went to Disneyland on 12 Aug 2015. Smacked right in the middle of summer. So, it was freaking hot & humid. Reminder to wear sunblock, hat & drink lotsa water,if anyone is going during these hot summer days. Kiddo enjoyed it. The place was magical. It has expanded with new attractions since my last trip about 4 years ago. Expect lotsa walking & walking. The Flight of Fantasy & the night parade were really nice, where most of the popular Disney characters come alive in the parade. As tired as you may be by the end of the day, please do stay for the fireworks, esp if you have kids. It will be worth it. The only downer was the huge crowd, especially the rude China mainland tourists. Don't mean to be biased, but they really are rude & do not follow rules. I personally witnessed them cutting queue right in front of my eyes. Kudos to the Disney staff who requested her firmly to queue up where the line was. Other than that, it was a great attraction place to spend a day with families and kiddos.
How can I not give this place a 5 star rating. Aside from meeting Mickey and the gang as well as your fairytale favorites, you'll also enjoy the rides not just for the kids, but also for adults. The best part for me is the beautiful fireworks that lights up the castle and the night sky. Go and visit with yout betterhalf or the entire fam bam. Best time to visit is during the BER months. October would be in time for Halloween and November and December for the Holiday theme. The weather is cokder too! Yay!
enjoyed a lot with friends and my family .all rides were good,u need atleast 2 days to see full park,and enjoy fuly
First, if you've been to the Original Disneyland in California, this place would be tiny for you. The good news is, you can see the place in a day, unlike the one in Anaheim, you need 3 days! Going there is easy whether you're staying in Hong Kong Island, or Kowloon...just take the train that goes to Disneyland, simple. Try to arrive in the park the earliest and try getting on the popular rides like Space Mountain first to get them out of your way. You have to plan your way around so that you don't miss the ones that you want to enjoy. The parade you shouldn't miss is the 4:00 one. Otherwise, the evening parade isn't camera friendly. Of course there is the fireworks before the park closes and this one is one that you should wait for. The most ideal time to visit this park is December to April...winter and spring. The temperatures are much cooler. My first visit to this place was on a December but when we went this August, it was so hot that the kids could not really enjoy the walk. The food prices and choices aren't so bad compared to other theme parks and they were also good. Overall, Disneyland is Disneyland, whether big or small....the happiest place on earth!
I spent 1 full day here with my wife and our 5 year old daughter in July 2015 and the day flew like never before especially for my daughter. We'd have walked over 20,000 steps but she had no signs of tiredness.Key attractions were Lion king show, Frozen island, Golden Mickey, evening parade and the light show at the end. Pictures with Mickey, mini, goofy, Pluto n all are skat in my daughter's treasure box. If I were to lobby out one area of improvement for their management team, it would be better queue management. Overall for kids that really doesn't matter and may be 1 day would be less got seeing it completely. Prioritise what you want to see and then 1 day is good. My personal recommendations on must see include Lion king show, Frozen theme show, Golden Mickey, parade and light show at 9 pm.
We caught the train here and had a lovely day with our youngest grandchildren, their parents and other grandparents.Despite the rain nothing dampened our spirit. I screamed my way around the roller coaster, shot down baddies on the buzz Lightyear ride and were transported into fantasy land on another ride. We also took the boat trip and our three year old was captivated by the frozen show and her chat with tinker bell. Even my reluctant husband enjoyed himself. I bought my tickets through Trip advisers aviator that enable us to fast track entry. The others paid a lot more through the travel agent and had to line up to exchange their vouchers.A fun day
It is not what sp  cial Park. Disneyland is Famous All over The World.   This One is convenient To go as it has th   train station Disneyland.    You visit it if u lov   Disneyland
Easy to get to Tickets are a must to have before you go. The MTR system to get there is terrific. Disneyland is a great place even though we were there on really hot days there is plenty of places to sit out of the sun. The rides are about 45 min wait as are a lot of the shows. The Frozen Village was up to 3 to 4 hour wait. We were lucky went there first when the park opened & got into see the 10am show so only had to wait about 50 mins. The show was so perfect for our grand daughter. Then The Lion King Show was excellent as was the ride through It is a small world & for the scary try Mystic Manor a great ride. Take plenty of water with you
The cast members are not as profession as the jpn one. Dont see any smiling staff, instead I heard foul language from the chef of the restaurant. Shows didnt have any enhancement since its opening, so, I dont think the company want to save the revisiting customer.
A must travel for 2 days if with kids ..let them enjoy peacefully.. It's a true dream come true..all showz are amazing and not to be missed but so is the joy on your kids faces when on rides.
Too many etiquette challenged guests added to stress of queuing in hot weather. My young 4 year old was treated to a couple of shouting matches, swearing and shoving. Staff preferred not to get involved most cases.  Overall stressful and unpleasant.
Definitely for kids. You have to like kid stuff as it is geared for them. Loved the tree house, Grand Parade is a long wait but it's the same all over the world. Lots to see and the evening fireworks are just lovely. To top it off stay at the Disney Hotel and catch to bus or go into town on the Disney train with Micky ear windows and hand hangers, cute.Would like to have seen more things for all ages.
Such a divine day out, best to get there at opening time to avoid the afternoon madness. Hire a stroller for the kids and you are off. We love going to Mystic Manner and Toy Land the most and then on to Its a Small World and the main rides in the middle. Best to go when not so hot as no shade from the sun unless inside shops or restaurant. The parade is fabulous too. Kids love it every time and so do I!
For Australians its a great alternative to Disneyland LA although its quite a bit smaller you really get the real Disney atmosphere and its a lot more affordable we had a great time there
The place was good. There was entrance ticket and all the rides inside were free. We especially liked the fireworks at night. It was spectacular.
Fun place.....went during the week and as part of a tour (no queuing for entry ticket! and definitely worth the little extra). Very clean with good facilities. Rides and attractions are well done and our whole day was very entertaining. Rides continue if it rains so no problems with weather. Clocks outside rides indicate how long the wait time is. The daytime character parade is excellent as is the night time light show parade and fireworks. Be prepared for a crowd at the shows (typical....everyone wants best view and then be first to leave!) however there is plenty of room to watch as the shows travel down the street. Found good places to eat, slightly more expensive than outside of Disneyland but you expect that. Take the train that rattles around the perimeter of the park to get your bearings......and have a welcome sit......All in all.....well done with enthusiastic staff.
Hong Kong Disneyland should go on the winter if they have young children as its more windy as compare to summer period due to hot weather.
I visited 3 times since Disneyland Hkg open 10 years ago. I saw too many Mainland China visitors with their habits and attitude. The parks crowded with these guys feels like I'm not with USA Disneyland atmosphere.
It's Disney...but on a MUCH smaller scale. It was extremely clean, well staffed with smiles, had the exact same vibe as Disneyworld and Disneyland...except for the fact that most of the visitors were from Hong Kong and China mainland...you would think you were in the US. This isn't good or bad...it's just Disney! Most of the attractions were geared towards children, even the  thrill  rides were tame...but in Disney fashion you felt like you were on a movie set for each ride...best part, you can walk the ENTIRE park in just a couple hours and see everything (less the time spent in lines, which I was there mid week in the summer...never waited more than 20 minutes in the single rider lines even for Space Mountain)...hopefully the park will continue to grow in scale...but it was a nice splash of my childhood thrown into my time in Hong Kong...thumbs up!
We have been to HK Disneyland twice and our daughter enjoyed both times (4 the first time, 5 second visit). She was very popular with the princesses (and locals!) and dressed up nearly everyday. Staff are friendly and very helpful, park is clean. Rides vary but not really that much for full on thrill seekers. We loved our time there.
One of the better Disneyland's! One thing I love about this one is that all you see past the park boundaries is mountains and trees. Helps keep the magic inside the park. Was still heaps of fun for 3 men on a man trip. Not just for kids!
 The Happiest Place on Earth  is pretty much the Disneyland promise I grew up with. Does shrinking the experience into a smaller park in a country on the other side of the globe work? I think it does.While my experience may be influenced by staying at the Hong Kong Disneyland Hotel meaning that I got to experience a relaxing walk to the park and a casual stroll out in the evening remaining immersed in the Disney world for 3 days also means I can answer  does it get tiring ?The park itself is brilliant, the layout into separate zones allows for a distinct feeling of passing through different experiences without feeling disjointed. The rides, while targeted towards children and not ~40 year olds are entertaining and even though the crowds can build up the happy vibe keeps coming though.The highlight for me was the  in character  of every member of the cast team working there, some the ever present grounds keepers to the costumed characters we always felt part of something special, part of the Disney family. Could the park be bigger? Sure it could be and expansion and evolutions will happen over time, but for now you can easily spend a day wandering, riding and eating your way around without feeling rushed. Returning for a second day may be advisable if there's crowds and queues, but I would say picking a weekday outside of the school holiday periods will help too. Staying for the closing fireworks is a  must  and magical way to end the day.
What a lovely place for not only kids but adults. Spent a half day there and we wish that we could have more time. Many interesting games for everyone. The night parade was magical.
We are 31 years old & LOVED Hong Kong Disneyland!!! It's clean, efficiently run, everything looks new, it's very colourful, loads of shops carts to buy water, sweets & other refreshments and lots of toilets.Entry is 500HKD & it's worth every cent. We went on an extremely hot & humid day. We were sweating like mad so we enjoyed ducking in and out of the air conditioned shops.Space Mountain & It's a Small World After All have line ups that are air con too which is very nice in the relentless heat of June.Staff are friendly, helpful & all wear name badges which is cute. Although full of tourists visitors, there's so many staff that while you may need to line up for gift of food purchases, it doesn't take long.Lines for the rides get much shorter at sun down so if you have some favourites you can hit them over & over at a fast rate.There are about 5 lands & although quite a small Disneyland, we still needed from noon til close to cover most of it.The parade & fireworks are well worth staying for & then you can leave & catch the Disney themed train back into the city.Amazing day out!!!
Our intention was to visit the park, in particular for the Frozen Village event. Having read a couple of reviews we knew there would be a mad rush but prepared as best as we could. Still, it was so ridiculous. We bought park tickets from our hotel and decided to leave our hotel at 8am. We took the train to Sunny Bay station and then the Disney line to the park. We reached there at 9am and were the first ones at the gate. So the wait began until 9:40 when they let us through the gate but at that time there were long lines behind us. After getting through the gates everyone, and I mean everyone, was running towards the Frozen Village. The park officials stopped us again before reaching the attraction and at close to 10am herded us like sheep to the ticket counter. When they let us go it was another mad rush to the left line for direct entrance and the right lane to obtain a fast pass to come back at another time. We obtained a fast pass to return at 11:25. If you want to attend Frozen and don't reach here at the open you can forget about obtaining a Fast Pass as they run out almost immediately. Honestly I don't think all the hype is worth it because you get to attend a show which is mostly songs taken from the movie, followed by a small mock up village afterwards. However, been there and done that, especially for my daughter. As for the other rides, it was a relatively crowded week but not overly so. Try out the Toy Story section which is relatively new and quite cool. Other rides such as Space Mountain and Wild West have always been cool and worth lining up for. Mickey's 4D show was great also. If you are a Star Wars fan like I am then you will be happy to know that the souvenir shops are now selling Star Wars souvenirs after Disney purchased the rights from Lucas.
The rides were very evenly spread out and the park was quite big. We needed a 2 day pass to cover the whole theme park. The theme park had three added lands, Toy Story Land, Grizzly Gulch and Mystic Manor. Best ride! We felt that the Mine cars in Grizzly gulch was the best roller coaster we have ever rode as it was multi directional with many surprises in store for us. We went many times as my kids especially liked it. Scariest? Rides1.  Mystic manor . It wasn't very scary so don't worry about leaving your kids out. However, little ones should not ride this. This is a not to be missed ride as the cars move in a special way. You can also have some privacy as you can ride in it as a family of 4 just like Pooh's Hunny Hunt, another ride in Fantasy Land2.  RC Racer   The U shaped track in Toy Story Land Full of adrenaline pumping, this ride is worth a try. It gives you a feeling of your heart dropping when you reach the tops of the track and a lurching feeling as you zoom down. For thrill seekers and riders of all ages. Key fun rides For kids:1.  Space Mountain  in Tomorrowland (a must)A good ride that gives you the feeling of being in space. But may not be suitable for toddlers and infants as the ride starts dark at first with alien sounds that may scare them. 2.  Autopia  in Tomorrowland (a must) An interactive way to give your kids the experience of driving on the road the safe way. There are guiding tracks on the road to keep the electric car in a certain direction if the child doesn't know how to control the car. However, this ride often has a very long queue. 3.  Toy Soldier Parachute drop  in Toy Story Land (a must)Gives your kids the pleasant lurching feel of dropping down from the sky like soldiers with parachutes. A joy to ride but long queues ranging according to times of the day. We really enjoyed this one. 4.  Mad Hatter Tea Cups  in FantasylandA fun filling ride for families. There will be tea cups that spin around. Not encouraged for those with motion sickness. You can only increase the speed of the spinning cups by turning a circular  wheel  in the middle of the cup. Often requires short queuing times. (We only queued for 5 mins) however, you might feel extremely dizzy afterwards.  5.  The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh  in Fantasyland A cooling ride with strong winds. (The winds have something to do with the story) escape the hot weather by going in too. Fast pass is available there too! Very comfortable ride with soothing movements like  bouncing . Enjoyable for kids. 6.  It's a small world  (a must)A beautifully decorated castle with a soothing and mild boat ride inside. The longest ride in Hong Disneyland. It has many colourful animated figures with bright singing and lighting with different themes. Travels around the world. Suitable for all ages including infants. *** 7.  Jungle River Cruise  in Adventureland ***A little scary towards the end with loud explosions of fire and a frightening village. Not encouraged for most young children. (1 9 years)A very fun filling experience other than the extremely hot weather and long queuing times! A no.1 on the list of most families!
This attraction was a perfect fit for children who just loved the Disney tales! A long link of the most famous Disney classics turned into rides and shops, and restaurants. It is a must to visit here. One thing that was extremely popular, and i mean really popular, was the new Frozen Village, only from June to August. And don't get me started on the line. Teams of hundreds of people queued up at the gates 1 hour before Disneyland even opened, just to get to Frozen Village! You really have to get there really early if you wan tickets to the Frozen Village! As soon as the gates opened, kids rushed and ran to the Frozen attraction! The other rides were completely forgotten about. All i'm saying is that if you want to be in time for this attraction, you better prepare for it. But anyway, the other rides were suitable and entertaining as well, some of them were: Jungle River Cruise, Toy Story Land, Fantasy Land, and well, you name it. All in all, this attraction is a perfect family trip.
Went on a weekday with my daughter. Crowded.  A lot of people not queue uo properly.  The food was very expensive.  Not a fun day at the Disney.
i took my family for one day visit to hongkong Disney land. Tickets were expensive. Area was overcrowded with very poor resting places. Games were very difficult to get into them. Waiting time for some attractions exceeded two hours, sometimes three hours.weather was very hot and it was one of the worst song trips we had. Only two small games were played by my daughters. The were disappointed when the wanted to go to the frozen village at 1.20 pm and were told all tickets gone. You can wait till 5 pm for a possible chance. We went home tired and disappointed.
Irrespective of size, there's only so much you can squeeze into a hot summer day at a Disney park, so although the Hong Kong park is small   you still have a great day. The park is easilty reached by metro   and then getting the Disney Train at Sunny Bay station. The fare for us was HKD24 each   but this was from the wast of Hong Kong. All the usual Disney experience is on offer   there is a Frozen village and singalong show for which you should get the tickets early. Restaurants are good value (cheaper than Paris..) and there are the usual array of shops. All in all   a great day at a smaller Disney theme park
Having been to the two parks in America and the one in Paris, whilst in Hong Kong it was a must to come here. Obviously a much smaller scale to Anaheim and a few of the favourites are not here but it definately runs along the Disney theme. Nice touch is the Disney train you catch to reach the park, definately gets you in the mood for a Disney packed day. I just found it very expensive and ended up not buying anything in the park to take home with me which was disappointing. I would still recommend to go, especially if you haven't been to a Disney park before but perhaps pack your lunch and be prepared to fork out heaps for a momento. Word of warning, if there is a typhoon warning do not go to the park. They say many things are still open but most things are closed and they still charge you full price to get in. Many disappointed children walking around and some very disappointed Aussies!! We ended up going again and it was much more enjoyable.
Had a great day here. A smaller park but still has all the usual zones and rides including Space mountain.Great new Mystic Manor and mine train roller coaster.Shop prices and food is great value.Best night time parade I have seen in any Disney Land.
It was a public holiday and the park was full, with lots of excursions and people from mainland China. From the high price of the tickets (and that's where the waiting lines start) to every attraction, you can easily spend almost all day waiting to see or ride some of them. Even the children get bored of waiting, and after some hours they're the ones asking the parents to leave.I was at the Disneyland Park in California and it was much better, still a lot of people but not so much waiting. And there they have some very good rides, comparing to these in Hong Kong. They're childish and mostly appeal to the kids, but maybe that's the idea   although the children don't visit the park by themselves?!Oh and the food is also not so good, almost every stall has the same stuff (and sometimes also waiting lines, hey even to go to the toilet you have to wait!)
can't write enough about how magical the entire park is. you can easily spend a couple of days here and not get bored. For kids and adults alike, it's a magical experience. The movie with the Disney characters was awesome and so were the rides. Just remember to wear comfortable footwear.
I went early morning (arnd 10:30am on a Wednesday) and luckily, there were not many crowds. Overall, the rides were okay. I personally liked Mystic Manor, Mickey's PhilharMagic. Tarzan's TreeHouse was a waste of time   its just a treehouse....with no interactive stuff. The Golden Mickeys was musical stage show with Disney Characters   kids will definitely love this. But best part are the two events at night: Disney Paint the Night Parade which starts at 7:45pm and ESPECIALLY the Disney in the Stars Fireworks at 9pm. Make sure you don't miss them both!!! The night parade were musical parade filled with dancers in colorful light costumes. The Fireworks were just incredible. I felt that these 2 events alone worth the admission. I don't mind paying full admission fee just for these 2 events! For dining, Avoid the Starlight Diner AT ALL COST!! its the one nearest the entrance into Tomorrowland from Main St USA. Main St Corner Caf   was much better. For transport, we stayed at Madera Hotel while we were there. We took the Jordan MTR (Red   Tsuen Wan Line) to change line at Lai King station into the Orange   Tung Chung Line. After that, all the way to Summer Bay station to get on the Disneyline line. Costs about HKD21.
Don't let the size fool you, there is a ton to do and see in the Disneyland Hong Kong. As an avid Disney fan this park has a very unique feel to it and is extremely charming in the way that it's laid out. While the names are the same, the experience is quite different.Highlight for me is the Mystic Manor, Hong Kong's take on the Haunted Mansion we have in United States. The spooky ride takes you through a treasure hunters mansion where a  possessed  box takes inanimate objects and gives them life. Kids loved this attraction even though it spooked them. Uniquely Hong Kong   Small World attraction has a special section for HK landmarks including a moving Star Ferry. There is a restaurant serving traditional chinese food and dim sum. And of course, you can still get a high tea service in the park with the typical Disney flair to boot.
The Disneyland experience with my wife was a dream come true. She is an avid Mickey fan since birth while i loved Donald Duck and its machine gun talking and voice. It was more fulfilling having pictures taken with Mickey, seeing him in flesh. We booked on line promising discount and to avoid the long queue, one day ride all package for php2500 . The day we alloted to it was worth it though it was short. We never witnessed the 9pm fireworks display as we have limited time trip only in Hongkong. For sure with kids, one day is not enough. Experiencing the Disney Fun brought out the child once more in us. Mickey was everywhere, that familiar shape  in souvenir items, jewelries, gardens, breads, tshirts, and even train windows. We rode the Carousel, watched the Mickey and Donald Duck 3D show which was hilarious and double the fun than the rides.We were also awed touring the Small World.As much as we wanted to ride more, the queued got even longer past 2pm.To get there, take the Tung Chung line and get off from Sunnybay station and wait for the Mickey train which adds excitement and sets already the Disney atmosphere. However, we found the food bit pricey and the water to drink cost us $30 ( php 150 ) for 1 500ml. Later, we would find potable water fountain, The souvenir shops are also selling pricey Tshirts ( php 1,200 ), etc. However, we got what we liked at bargained price, half its original price. I am not sure if that was just coincidence.
We are what Disneyland apparently refers to as a 'family couple without children'   nevertheless we still managed to have a really fun time. We did quite a lot of research as we only had about a half day in Disneyland HK. So we took advice guidance about the best rides, shows and how to limit waiting in queues. We probably went at the worst (ie peak) time   summer and a weekend   but we found that planning is everything and helped us get the most of the experience (and take an umbrella     the sun is fierce). So here is our itinerary and top tips:1. Get there at 10am when the park opens   there was a queue (they do bag checks which slows everything down) but we moved quite quickly and took about 15 mins.2. Walk down Main Street but don't be tempted to stop   there is time for shopping later in the itinerary. 3. Head to the left and follow the signs to Grizzly Gulch   go straight to the Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars (there were no queues). This is a really fun roller coaster ride and well done. Have a look around after the ride but keep moving! Overall there are short waits for single riders so consider this if you don   t mind not riding together. 4. Then head off to Mystic Point and head to the Mystic Manor ride (again no queues). This was my personal favorite ride     really magical! The rides are quite short really so make sure you enjoy it!5. Two options here     option A: go straight to Adventure Land and take the Jungle River Cruise and then on to Toy Story Land. Or option B: go past Adventure Land and go to Toy Story Land and do the Toy Solider Drop (a silly ride really but the views are good) and the RC Racer     fun! Then come back to the Jungle River Cruise later. The Jungle River cruise was good and we took the English tour which had a much shorter wait but the tour guide was a bit wacky. There were minimal waits at both A   Land and TS   Land about 10     20 mins for these rides. We did option B. 6. We skipped the rides shows in Fantasy Land but did stop for photos of the Sleeping Beauty Castle, and went on to Tomorrow Land to do the Space Mountain (probably the best ride)     you can also get a fast pass here if the wait is long. We decided to queue and had to wait about 30 mins.7. Lunch at the Mystic Manor restaurant     followed by a Micky Mouse ice cream in the nice garden here (about 30 mins break)8. Our second last stop was a show     the Lion King show at 2 pm. This is about 35mins long and was marvellous. 9. Then walk to the Fantasy Station train station and take the train back to Main Street     look at the shops and buy some souvenirs. 10. This itinerary took about 6 hours (10am     4pm) as we had to get a plane at 6pm, but we were moving all the time but it didn't feel too hectic.
It was my third visit in 6 years but every trip didn't fail to surprise and entertain. The first visit in 2006 was by myself, the second with my grown up children, and the present with my children and my grandchildren... It rained ligfhtly half the time but we stayed the whole day right up to the final fireworks display!
Wow, my family had soo much fun! Having been to Disneyland California before, the Hong Kong Disneyland has kept try to the brand and continues the fun offerings for families.The rides were fun, we never waited over 35mins to get on a ride. There's rides that are fast and thrilling and others that are sensory overload. Our favourite was the Runaway Mine Car! The procession at night is worth hanging around for.Food is overpriced, but expected at a theme park, so. Ring as much food and drink as you can carry.
Try to reach there before noon, take the rides, roam around have fun. But remember not to miss the paint the night parade at 8pm and the fireworks show right after tht.
We had a good time despite the rain. But it would be better if there are more indoor attractions. Going there is very easy with the MRT. There is even a couple of halal restaurant so food is not a problem for muslims. The restaurants, however, should be open earlier.
It was a lot smaller, less crowded and also a lot less expensive then both US Disney's. It was a nice park, laid out well and although I'm not a big theme park fan, we had two very nice days here. We were there on weekdays while local school was still in session so there were no lines for any attractions and that's what made it such a nice experience (the longest line we waited on was for lunch   which was a bit expensive as usual but the food was surprisingly better then expected). The performances were all big production numbers   get your tickets early in the day to avoid being shut out. You can easily do the park in one day if stretched for time (at least during off peak times) but we did two days, took a very relaxed pace and did multiple rides for all attractions. Two day passes here cost about $85 USD which is substantially less then a one day pass to US Disney so take advantage of it and say you did it. TIP   all the employees carry different stickers of characters that they give you for free (when does Disney give you anything for free?!) so if you have kids, or just like stickers, ask for them.
Many things to do, especially now that the park has expanded with new lands. My personal favourite is the Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars found in Grizzly Gulch.
My kids live Disneyland. They love Phillar magic, the 4D show. They took picture with Tinkerbell and Alice. They are very friendly.   Disneyland hongkong was very crowded on our last visit. Have to queue min 30min on very game
Had an enjoyable day   aside from the interruptions described below   walking around in the park, which is finely decorated to let your imagination run free. You step into a whole other world once you enter the park. As with every Disneyland park, every detail is taken into consideration and fits within a magical world, from small details like doorknobs and trashbins to large castles and jungles. What could have been a great experience was unfortunately marred by several interruptions that seemed to be either planned or badly managed. The Lion King show was really good, with a number of talented dancers and singers in impressive costumes   definitely a must see   but it was interrupted twice with what appeared to be planned interruptions. All the dancers ran out twice, giving the (perhaps malfunctioning) mechanical animals time to move to a different position, but it honestly ruined the flow and experience of an otherwise fabulous show. Because it seemed planned, I'm not sure this was just a one time unlucky occurrance. The other  interruption  came at the street parade, which was suddenly cancelled 5 minutes before the show was to start, with something like  unstable weather  being the reason. Problem was that it had not rained all day, didn't rain, and the weather forecast had not changed. Maybe the mechanics can't handle rain... but then honestly, you plan for it. Conclusion? If you come during the rainy season, even if it doesn't rain, you may not get to see the shows. When I pay top ticket prices to visit an amusement park (499 HK$ for adults), I expect the quality to be topnotch, every day. If I had paid less to visit this place, I would give more leeway, but if they set expectations and prices high, they need to live up to those expectations. I couldn't shake the feeling that for the park this was  just another day  that needed to get over with. Know that queues were long ish (20 40 minutes), even on a weekday, so bring patience a book. Tried the Jungle River Cruise (quite charming and casual), the Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh (cute, mostly for kids), Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine cars (not as scary as it looks), Mystic Manor (really well made) and Space Mountain (not as crazy as the one in LA). Most, if not all rides are kid friendly. Fireworks at the closing of the park is definitely worth staying for, but expect to take a while to get back to Hong Kong city as everyone will leave at the same time. Food is expensive, e.g. water comes at 25 HK$ (the free drinking water provided in the park doesn't taste good) and icecream at some 32 HK$.
Yes it's not as big as other Disney Parks, the castle is smaller but it is not a small world beyond that and you can easily spend 6 8 hours wandering round...we did and enjoyed every minute. It's typical disney with many rides you will have seen before but some we hadnt seen (Although our experience is limited to Paris). We got excited by the Philarmagic 4D screening, Winnie the pooh ride, The Lion King festival and best of all Mystic Manor which we would gladly queue for again and again...not scary just fun!As for queuing we arrived at 10.30 and grabbed a fastpass for Winnie the pooh but chanced our luck for everything else. It was a hot day and there were ots of people but the lonest we queued was 20 minutes!!! Not saying that will always happen but if you are there early and you plan well you will spend more time having funTop tip: book in advance from the disney website and take the credit card you booked with to redeem your tickets. You get a reference number but we didn't need it. When you get to the park simply go to the machines tucked away on the righthand side of the entrance, use your credit card and grab your tickets...none of the hour long queues, we walked straight in! Get there for 10.00 and plan your route to get fastpasses and you are in for a fun day.
Definitely a place where one can be child at heart.   Don't miss the street parade and the roller coaster rides!
not a bad place and as travel during the weekdays, so not much people around. this is not really a place for adult only but its for sure heaven for the children. if you wouldn't mind going in as a couple, it is still worth a visit especially the dark tunnel space ride (sorry, couldn't remember the name of the ride). as staying around the airport area, taxi driver are very choosy and ask us to take the blue cab. being waiting for blue cab for almost 30minutes at least and taking subway back to tung chung.
Comparing with DisneWorld and EuroDisneym the HKDisneyland consider small. But, because my wife and my daughter never been to any DisneyPark, they love it!Yes, you have to see weather forecast before go there, because HK weather quite tricky sometimes.BestPart: The Train! You gotta love it! The attention to detail seems become the household standard for Disney. Famous Mickey Shape windows and handrail, and small statue of the Disney Character inside the train is the thing you don't want to miss to take a picture...DownPart: The Food! We tried one of the restaurant that served AsianFood and the food just no good. But, for those Disney fanatics that live around the South East Asia region, this is the place that you shouldn't miss when you travel to HK.
Brilliant, much better than Paris however quite a bit smaller. Much preferred the rides here than those of Ocean Park.
A great day out with kids and fun for the adult. Even a whole day will not be sufficient so consider skipping few activities and do ones you like the most. The queues are not very long...waiting time being 20 25 mins to the max.There usually are solo riders lines on certain rides that you can go to if you don't want to wait too long and you do not mind being placed with a random stranger. Don't miss the Disney parade which happens 4 times a day and the fire works at the end, probably 9pm. They're amazing.
It's a great adventure of course inside Hong Kong Disneyland and I have a daughter whose in love with Mickey and Minnie Mouse and toy story.. So many restaurants inside,so many stores and we can borrow baby stroller if you forget to bring it or to lousy to bring it you can borrow it for free.. Went to frozen show but we didn't watch it because the queuing line is totally crazy,for the show we have to wait for 3 hours so,maybe another time.. don't forget if you want to buy anything in Disneyland,you should bring your own plastic bag or they will charge you around 50 cents or 1 dollar (sorry I forget but it's around that price)
If your kids are avid fans of Disney characters and have never visited Disneyland they have missed one great experiences of their childhood. Rides are not that scary but the Disney Parade and Shows are outstanding. You should check out for the weather forecast before planning as if it rains it will spoil your fun. If you are Vegan or vegetarian then you will not find anything to eat (This is the Problem in whole HK)Overall a good experience and a Must visit place in HK
I love and hate Disneyland. If you added up time on rides versus time spent waiting you would never go there. However it is a magical place and kids love it. You can't buy a fast track ticket however you can get a fast tract ticket on some rides that give you a time to come back get in the fast track queue for free. The popularity of the Frozen experience is at least 2 hours wait. so be prepared. We went by taxi and had 6 of us in the car 2 Adults and 4 young children..in a 5 seater. So at least paying for the one taxi... but are cheap anyway. Overall however it is an expensive day so you just have to accept it and know it's a rare special day for the kids. Hotels close to the resort are expensive so compare 5 star hotels in the city and make the 30 min taxi ride instead.
As a Disney Park enthusiast, I have to say this was a huge letdown. We came early, around 10am and rushed to ride the Buzz Light Year ride, which was pretty alike to the Florida attraction. After I came off the ride, I was surprised to learn that all the attractions had been shut down due to technical failures and there was no estimated time that rides would be back up. I left after less than 2 hours in the park. This park doesn't even quality for a comparison to its Florida or Cali counterparts, nor does it deserve to bear the Disney name.
My husband and I recently visited Disneyland in Hong Kong , I must say we were a little excited about going and I was really disappointed :( I think if we had little kids with us it would have been more exciting . They need more rides for the big kids :)
It rained heavily the day we visited so take an umbrella for sun and rain otherwise you have to buy ponchos in the park you can take no food in with you and only one small bottle of water each . However, we enjoyed our say and got to see all the things we watch on TV as children and fulfilled my childhood dream of going on the spinning cups ! A lot of very good shows  the lion king show was very well done   Merlins mansion and buzz light year attractions great as well. Just becaware that if it rains some rides don't operate. Due to the weather the grand parade was done on covered floats with some characters in raincoats !! Very cute !! A great day out oh and yes go by train to get the Disney train with Mickey Mouse outlines for windows !!
No scooters available for hire here fo rthe disabled. Did provide us with a whelechair though. You really could do the whole site in an afternoon, it is the smallest and most condensed of all the Disneys in the world.Its a must visit though if like us you are having to do all the Disneys worldwide and this was our last one after Japan. Has everything the same as the other Disneys just less and smaller.
The themepark was extremely warm when we visited end of July 2015. Many of the restaurants are non airconditioned so there is not many areas to rest and cool down with our toddler. We went on a Saturday so perhaps that was why the park was rather crowded so be prepared to queue.We only managed to try 2 rides and watched 2 shows when we visited the park from 10 am to 6pm. The Small Small World and Winnie the Pooh rides are suitable for toddlers and small babies. The Lion King show was entertaining with many sound effects. The Golden Mickey show was a good way to bring back all the memories of Disney's cartoons. The baby care room is superb with nappy changing tables, nursing rooms and feeding area (with Microwave and hot water dispenser).
Went along just to say I've been to Disneyland but wasn't as good as I thought it would be. The shows were ok(check out the Stitch Interactive)but I'm I could be swayed by the A C being such a hot,humid day. Save your money and go to Ocean Park.
We spend 2 days in Disneyland Hong Kong and to get the full experience we stayed at the Disneyland hotel. What I like about this place that it is very organized and clean. Very good choice of games for kids my 4 year daughter love it and i did too.we loved the games which had tours inside, it was great and fun.My only concern would be that there is no enough choice of food outlets. It would be great if there were some well know food choice. but overall it was great.
The entrance fee was HK 499 but worth it. We went on a sunday but it was not too crowded. It was july so it was pretty humid. We enjoyed most of the rides. I am an adult but i really liked the small world and toy story area. The decorations and the details of the place were so cute and adorable. We had photo ops with Jessie, Mickey and Minnie. Food and souvenirs were, as expected ,pricey. The whole park was clean and well maintained. Most of the staff were helpful and cheerful. We stayed until evening and waited for the night parade. The parade was spectacular and worth the wait. We missed out on frozen. They said reservations were already filled up as early as 10 am. There was a waiting period of 2 hours. We decided not to wait and do other things. We used the mtr to get there. You won't miss it. At sunny bay the train has mickey mouse windows with cushioned seats.
Crowded ....bad food....long ques ...but lovely atmosphere and  nice for a family day....try to avoid in summer
Disneyland   what to say? It was a good day out fireworks show is at 9pm daily having being at Disneyland nice and early at 10 exploring the island it is more for kids rather than adults, each ride will take at least 30 mins to queue up same as the food stalls try to bring your own water etc as prices are automatically trebled once inside compared to outside. Having visited all the world's and gone on numerous rides feeling tired in the heat looking at the time for it to show 5pm I decided to leave and head back to the hotel via mtr which was great, as I didn't want to wait 4 hours to see a fireworks showVerdict: go f you have have 5 6 days stay in HK as it takes the whole day off you.
You can easily take a MTR and changed to the Disney Express at Sunny Bay to reach this magical destination. Actually, this was our second visit to Disneyland, Hong Kong, because one of our family member did not had the chance to visit any Disneyland before. We deliberately picked a weekday, but it was still crowded. The queues for most of the attractions were long with a waiting time between 45mins to an hour. We actually wanted to watch the 'Frozen' performance, but all time slots were filled even the advanced slots (i.e. people were already queuing for 1630H slot at 1400H). It was crazy. Hence, we decided to roam around the park and we were perspiring like we just took a shower, as it was insanely hot (summer period). Fortunately during our foot patrol, we noticed the queue to take photos with our favorite Disney's character were short (waiting time less than 5mins) and we managed to take with Mickey, Minnie, Pooh, Goofy and Pluto. At the end of the day, prepare to beat the crowd at the Disney Express after the fireworks show as people would rush to go home.Recommended for family with children.
Having visited Disney Paris and Orlando, all I can say is that if you have visited these two amusement parks, then bother with this one unless you have nagging kids. If you pressed for time rather go to Ocean Park.This is a watered down version of a Disney Park. There is no wow factor unlike Orlando. It's is small and looks tired. Some rides are familiar but with the exception of a few characters which you see from time to time, you could very well be in another  no name  brand park.Really glad I did not choose to stay in the park.Only go if you really have to.
Even though considered small as compared to the one in California, the disneyland in hk is still as great. My kids totally love it. Best time to visit will be in December where they have special events even a little more crowd than usual, Great place to visit even for adults too .. you feel like a kid again XD
It's been 13 years since my trip to Disneyland Paris. Disneyland Hong Kong is just as magical. :)We bought tickets online. Its very easy to get to park using the MTR from Sunny Bay. Dedicated Disney land line runs with trains every 10 minutes or so. The train windows are a silhouette of Mickey mouse.We got to the park at 9:30 am on a Monday. Had to wait in line for about 30 minutes to enter. The lines for rides are not very long and we didn't have to wait more than 20 minutes.The park is split into different zones   fantasy land, Adventure land, tomorrow land etc. As the day progressed the lines got longer. Some attractions offer the fast pass. Used it for Space mountain.The grand parade in the afternoon is magical with elaborate floats, dancers and characters. A must watch! Especially for kids!Grab a time guide at the entrance. And try catching as many shows as possible. All very exciting and different, No disappointment here! The Festival of the Lion King is a musical. Do not miss this!The attention to detail all over the park is just amazing down to the last nut and bolt. The settings change every so gradually from being in Tarzan's tree house to Sleeping Beauty's castle.The light parade at 7:45 also boasts floats and dancers covered in LEDs and fiberglass. Mickey's DNA style lighted float stole the show.We watched the fireworks from the park entrance and then bolted for the MTR. Did not stay till the end.Would recommend going on a weekday as the line are bound to be shorter compared to a weekend. All sorts of food and water is available inside. You can carry ready made food and water. Most attractions end into souvenir stores. We decided to buy everything at Main street just before leaving so we didn't have to carry things around.A must visit if you like crazy attractions or plain love Disney :)
I've gone back to my childhood days, enjoyed to the fullest, every attraction here is awesome !! Don't go out of Disneyland until the closure time, the last events, Parade and the fire works will be more delightful to watch !!Leave all your thoughts, tensions outside the gate before entering, and enjoy every moment of stay at HK Disneyland.
I went there with my husband and my 4 year old daughter who happens to be a huge fan of Mickey Mouse and friends. Although it was raining all day, but my daughter was really happy. Seeing her smile all the time is priceless.I visited Disneyland on Monday. Not so many crowds, queing only for 5 15 minutes attraction. The staff were very helpful. I asked one of them where to find Daisy Duck to get a picture with, and she called her duty manager because she didnt know either. Unfortunately, Daisy was not on schedule that day. However i really appreciate her effort to help. For moslem, the only food there that halal certified is only at Tahitian Terrace, a couple minutes walk from the Main Street USA. Ita not as large as Disneyland Paris, but for a 4 year old kid, its really big to explore. Dont forget to bring stroller if you go there with kids. There is also a stroller rental there.We spent almost 12 hours there and came back to hotel with an ear to ear smile:)
Let me just say our family loves Disneyland   we are hold annual passes for Tokyo Disneyland and Tokyo DisneySea and both parks are always crowded. 365 days a year   it is insane. The Tokyo parks make the CA DL and CA Adv parks look empty. So I was skeptical when my friends told me that the HK DL would not be crowded.  How can this be???  I thought since HK itself is such busy place! But they were right! We went to HK DL on a Friday and Saturday and I have to say that the Friday we went it was downright empty. We were one of 5 families in all of Toy Story Land and there were places in the park where we were walking by ourselves. It was awesome!!! Saturday was a LOT more crowded. We even went in June which was insanely hot but it was still a lot of fun, even on that Friday since we could ride so many rides! Highly recommend   it was a LOT of fun!!!
I love Disneyland and so really I was just so happy to be there and experience the Disney magic. We loved how the train is in character. There was some queues however everything was controlled fairly well. Food and drink prices are a bit expensive. The people at the fireworks show were a bit rude however security were really good at managing them.Looking forward to going back again soon.
A small version of the LA Disney but still a great way to get a taste of all things Disney.  You won't be disappointed
As a life term Disney fan, I always want to go to this place. I have a dream that I would visit all of the Disneylands on this world. But don't go in summer because it's freakin hot and well, I'm not a summer person so I drenched like a wet rat walking around this dreamy place (T.T)Oh Mickey, let's meet again someday!With love from Indonesia.
We enjoyed the time there, food and drinks there are costly and no outside food  drinks is allowed. We went on a Friday, the crowd was horrible. Average waiting time for a ride was 20~30mins. Shows were packed so we were unable to squeeze into the queue especial I was traveling with a kid. Firework is worth watching.
Well. it;s too bad , if you haven't been to any disney land..!! I mean its not just for children.. I went there , after completing my MBA and I loved every bit of it..!! So, even adults would love it.. and yes, you can't see it all in 1 day..so better gear up for 2 3 days..!! Must go..!!
We came here four families with tweens and one toddler. The day was exceptionally hot. Standing in line takes about 49 minutes or more under shade and partial air conditioning. The kids enjoyed it all and wanted to go on all rides and hug all Disney figures. The lunch places were enormous and very loud, but food was nice and not so awful American as one would expect, that line also took 49 minutes. The kids loved it all including the special Disney train and station. As a cynical father I found it all rather crowded and the rides were about the same I rode in Anaheim 34 years ago and they reallly could need a technichal uppdate. I respect Disney for promotiing better food.
We tacked this our first full day after traveling from San Francisco. We were up early and got there a little after opening. We took the MTR from Hong Kong Island to Sunny Bay and then hopped on the Disneyland Resort Train, which was  Disneyfied.  Have your camera ready as you'll want to snap a few pictures. We purchased our tickets at our hotel so we headed straight to the turnstyles. It is a bit of the walk from the train to the park entrance. We did not get the memo to bring an umbrella to shield us from the heat. I recommend bringing one to keep you cool. We ended up buying a buzz lightyear one for our 5 year old to keep him cool. We ended up renting a stroller. They ask that you leave a HK$100 deposit, which you get back when bring the stroller back. We didn't have time to grab breakfast so that was our first stop. We grabbed pork puffs at the bakery on main street. It hit the spot. It was warm, flaky and delicious. We had decided ahead of time that we would definitely hiti as many rides as we could but didn't intend to stay the whole day as were still adjusting to the local time and weather (HOT and Humid). We spent the most time in Toy Story Land as that is unique to this park. We had lunch in Fantasyland, there were a lot choices   Japanese, Chinese, Grill and Italian. We made quite a few purchases with our credit card. You are given a choice whether you want to be charged HKD or USD. There is a charge for USD based on the amount of your sale. If you're using a credit card that charges a conversion fee, check to see if the USD option charge is less as they may be a better choice for you. We left the park early as were losing steam and the heat was becoming unbearable. This was our first full day in Hong Kong and just hadn't had time to acclimate to the local weather. We loved our time at HK Disneyland and I'm sure we will be back.
After 24 days of travel in China, I decided to satisfy my daughter's insistent requests to visit Hong Kong Disneyland. Well, that was a disappointment: the park is very small, expecially when compared to the ones in the US, and, considering the number of visitors, the time spent in the heat queuing can soon become unbearable (only 2 attractions offer fastpass). The cost of the entrance ticket is huge and even drinks and food are quite expensiive.I also found the park lacking some of that special Disney atmosphere which makes Disney theme parks unique and attractive not only to kids but also to adults.The park is very clean and, unlike other reviewers, we did not have any problems with the local visitors.
A wonderful day for the family.. There is so much to do.. Make sure to target the rides that are suitable for the child age. During the week visit is better as waiting time for each ride is less than 15 min.Also get the live show timings especially golden Mickey show.. It was great. Depending on the age of the child .. You might need to plan the visit over 2 days to see it all.
It's the usual Disney experience but be prepared for a few extras, like pushing, shouting and spitting Chinese tourists. Trying to get a table for food is chaos. The food selection and taste is pretty poor anyway.Worth a day, but nothing more and it's a poor relation to it's bigger siblings in the USA.
Our time at Disneyland Hong Kong was great. It is magical however the park is smaller than the ones in the US. The MTR makes it easy access to the park. The park was clean and tidy and the staff were very helpful. The rides were great, it just lacked a little bit of atmosphere, although this could have been because we went on a day that was quiet. Having said that it is still a must when in Hong Kong.
A great place for fun especially for younger kids. Visit during the winter time is much better than the summer time. Had fun with all the rides. A must visit when going to Hong Kong
Ideal place for a family getaway. We went there for our daughter's birthday and she got free gift items at the mayor's office. All the kids enjoyed the rides. Some of the lines were quite long. 2 3 days would be best for the kids to really enjoy the rides and explore all the areas. Arrival experience was really wonderful. We did have a problem with the ticket we got   agency issued us a ticket but this was not honored by Disney initially. We had to purchase a new one.Definitely 'need' to go back.
Must visit this place while your in Hong Kong and with out going their your HK Visit will incomplete,latest complete one day required for this place.
Its almost mandatory that if one goes to hong kong they do go to disneyland Makes you remember your childhood days of mickey mouse winnie the pooh My fav ride of all of them was the grizzly glutch mystic castle space mountain(indoor high speed roller coaster) its a small small world I think all of them are worth tryingThere are mtr trains that lead to disneyland  As for food is concerned indians can get indian food at a place called jungle cruise but its a bit expensive And most importantly dont ever miss the fire works show at nite must must see
1 day is definitely not enough to cover the whole disneyland...one must plan for 2 days and stay the night at the disney hotel..its very near to the park and you can take shuttle service...if even you are planning a day trip i would suggest you get a fast pass ticket so that you do not have to wait in the queue and you can cover more rides..coz with the normal ticket you have to wait atleast for 20 mins for 1 ride..... once you enter the park take the map handy else you wont be able to cover up all the rides and shows...start from the sleeping beauty casttle area that is very beautiful...and make sure you are at the main street at 12:45 and secure your spot beacuse at 1 pm the disney parade starts...loin show, mine ride are must dos...and click you pictures whith disney stars before 7 pm beacuse it closes at 7 and then again at 7:45 there is night parade which is wonderful and you cant miss..again you have to secure your spot bit early...and then at 9 pm amazing fire works at the sleeping beauty casttle.
Nice theme park but it's more for kids than to adults. They don't really have any fierce rides but I still enjoyed. Specially I liked Grizzly Mountain, Mystic Manor and Space Mountain. This Disneyland is quite small so one day was enough for me. Disneylands in US or Europe are more expensive than this one.
Visited on a Friday in June, mostly families with pre school children. Longest queue around 20 minutes most only 10 15 minutes. Didn't experience any issues with people pushing in or not queuing? Very hot, but found relief in air con attractions such as Philarmagic and Its a Small World! Mystic Manor was my favourite.
My first time to visit and I can say I had a great experience. Crowded and expensive entrance fee but it's fine as long as your happy :)) happy Disneyland.
Prepare for a wholeday fun and adventure. Though not as big as other Disneyland themeparks, one whole day isnt enough. A little bit pricey though. Philharmagic isnt a thing to be missed.
As name suggests disneyland is just awesome being in my 20s still this place reminded me of my childhood. Evening parade is so much fun. No words to describe. A must visit place if you are in hong kong. Reach early hours so you can spend whole day.
Everything here is fun and cute. It will definitely bring you a lot of memories in your trip.  It's a small world  and 3D film are attractive, worth to tryHowever, there is no place for tourists to stand when it rains. The staff are unhelpful
too expensive entrance fee, not so many options for adults ride. totally for kids only. if you are young age there are some ride to try, in the toy story section and grizzly section.
Hong Kong Disneyland is not as good as Tokyo Disneyland. Entrance is the same as any Disney but smaller and I think that Disney Paris is yet better than this. There are lots of tourist from China coming to Hong Kong Disneyland and they are really pushy and unmanned that they jump the cure but the Disney staff are not present to control the cure and I would blame the staff who does not do anything. I would skip Hong Kong Disney and choose Tokyo Disneyland anytime than getting stressed.
though it was very hot and humid,the attractions were amazing.We took a two day pass but with my 3 yr old not many rides were possible.My 6 yr old did enjoy most of the rides but either we had to be in long queues or miss a couple of them.Also most shows had less seating than the crowd so every show you had to wait at least an hour or more,with two kids we gave up on most things and just waited for the sun to be less harsh.The frozen show was extremely popular,but with the authorities giving away the passes to the ones who came in early, mostly locals, as they themselves told us,was a complete disappointment, having waited to see that for 2 days and still missed it.
Have a magic day playing around in Disneyland. It will make you feel as a child again. If you have children with you it will be probably impossible to see everything in just one day but you can still have a lot of fun. Do not forget using comfortable shoes. Disappointments: 1  There is just one princess (and she didn't look as a princess at all). 2  It is not possible to go inside the only castle.
Been here a couple of times and it keeps getting better and better each time. My favorite now is the Toy Story land! Rides are extreme and no lines so you can go back right after you finish the ride. (That's what my kids and i did).no doubt that Disneyland is my happy place. I hope to visit again the happiest place on earth!
We went on a Saturday because it was my birthday and despite it being summer the longest we had to que was only half an hour which was very good! This park is nowhere near as bad as its made out to be: although a lot smaller than say Disneyworld we stayed from 11am 9:15pm after the fireworks and we were rushed off our meet fitting everything in so is the perfect size for a day out.I collected an 'its my bday' badge from the city hall on the way in and all day almost every member of staff said happy birthday to me and some of the characters in the parade said it too which was lovely!The food etc is overpriced for Hong Kong, but it is an amusement park and its just average tourist prices that you obviously would expect.Rides are all very good a lot the same as in Florida and just as good  the Grizzly ride is actually even better here!!Ask every member of staff for a sticker! they carry loud and they're so cute.Would definitely recommend I throughly enjoyed spending my 20th birthday here while study abroad :)
I would provide this review from the point of view of an unmarried youngster visiting this place. When without kids you can complete the entire park in 1 day easily. In fact we did the big buddha early in the morning and then came to disneyland and were still able to cover everything including night fireworks on the same day. The grizzly bear ride is something I did three times and it was fun (single rider saves time..opt for that to beat queues) Toystory land, mystic house, space adventure zone etc are not to be missed. There were some good shows like lion king, golden mickeys where we could see all the characters together. take the tickets and information pamphlets in advance to save time. The ice lemon tea inside one of the foodcourts is good and refreshing to beat the heat.
I'd held off going to Disney for years. But I was finally convinced to give it a go. I'd previously enjoyed the Disney resorts in Paris, Tokyo and the USA. Firstly, this place is tiny compared with the others and has a lot less to do or see. Further, the day I went it was over crowded to the point of being uncomfortable. The unappealing food on offer is expensive. I was surprised to see people smoking. Apparently smoking is allowed in designated areas, however the rules don't appear to be enforced with people smoking in the line for rides. The staff appeared unwilling to do anything about this. I won't be back.
Wow... is all I can say, such a magical place. Visiting Hong Kong Disney was an absolute dream come true. It brought back so many childhood memories. A must see when in Hong Kong. Food was expensive but expected in a theme park as such. The souvenirs were also a bit on the pricey side but you can't help yourself but indulge in all that is Disney!
I advise you to visit in the afternoon, away from the hot sun( in July) and long queues. We reached there around 3.00pm and stayed until the end which was around 10.00pm. Visited all the attractions without waiting in long queues and night parade was brilliant which was at 8.45pm. Food was ok but very expensive comparing to outside, not much of a choice. If you are looking for Vegetarian food Adventure Zone cafe is the place to go. Overall an iconic place to visit and don   t forget to take the camera with you.
Good bits:1) never miss any Shows attraction. they are all too good.2) drinking water free3) night parade  paint the sky   mind blowing4) fireworks show  too good5) go for the 2 day ticket , else you will surely miss something6) liked  small world  , golden mickey, mystic manor, mickey philharmonic7) great gifts to choose from  to improve   bits:1) very long waiting in hot weather as everyone gets sweating2) train ride could be made better as more things to look out for can be added3) add extra cooling at outer restaurants as most do not have AC
So before visiting the park I had read reviews over the size of the resort and how long it would take to do it all. Firstly its worth pointing out that the park has expanded significantly since it originally opened with Grizzly Gluch, Mystic Point and Toy Story Land adding a lot more to your day. The value for money is incredible for any western visitor as prices similar to Tokyo are significantly cheaper then Europe and the US.The park resembles the original Disneyland in California and provides a fantastic day out. There are ample opportunities to engage with characters in the Fantasy Gardens and the park is easy to navigate. The Lion King show is a really good show as is the end of day fireworks. The Paint the night parade is superb and has recently been introduced in California such was its quality. The park bar Chinese New Year is never exceptionally busy and of course this impacts on how much time you will need to do everything. My visit was on Christmas Day 2014 and there was hardly a line over 15 minutes. For me one day was perfect but if your with younger children or a bigger party you could probably fill 2 days at a leisurely pace.Would highly recommend the park.
Great one day experience with kids. The food options are limited.  In case of elders, it is suggested that take half day at Ngong Ping and half day at Disnyland.  Both the places are only one mrt (metro station ) away.
It's very easy to get to Hkg Disney, cheap and fast as we'll by getting on the MTR. It's on a much smaller scale in comparison to the CA Disney but it is still a fun place to be. Bit disappointed as some of the characters like Donald Daisy Duck weren't even there and Mickey and Minnie were on their summer outfit instead of wearing their ever popular outfit which really symbolises them. Most of the main characters (Mickey, minnie, pooh, Pluto and goofy) are always meeting fans in the backyard garden. As always food are expensive in this kind of places. Even though is small, you might still need close to 2 days if you are travelling with children who would want to go on every ride that are available there as the Q can be quite long! Tips...don't go exactly on opening time so that you won't have to Q up and get pushed around by the others who can get quite annoyingly impatient!! Bring an umbrella during summer   mosquito repellent as well!!
a very memorable experience especially for my mother. Enjoyed the rides, the 4d theatre experience and fireworks at night.
Went there with our two kids (one was 4 and one was 2 ) in July. It was great to catch the subway to Disneyland. My 4 year old was very excited to see Mickey mouse' ears on the train. We only got the one day tickets. But we think you probably need two days to see everything there. One thing we think is really disappointing is for some shows, you have to go to the places and make a reservation first thing once you arrive at Disneyland. Otherwise you won't be able to see the show. You can probably still go in if you are happy to line up for 2 hours. As we traveled in July, it was stinky hot. There was no way for us to line up for 2 hours to see the show with one toddler and one 4 year old. So in the end we didn't end up going to many shows or rides. The Disney Paint the Night show was fantastic but it was a little bit short. Our advice is if you want to go there, you really need to plan it in advance and know where to go and what to see.
First timers would love it but if you   ve seen other Disneylands esp. Anaheim, US, this park will appear a big rip off. No toon town, no princess. Staff is not supportive and tend to favor locals. At Frozen land while you will be shooed away citing reservation passes are over, locals will get quick access. You will sweat it out in sun standing long hours in queues while locals will simply come and get in hence prolonging your wait. But once inside, Frozen land is a boon and a great theatrical (short) depiction of Frozen movie. A small artificial snow park to chill and do sledge carting and you may click with a few toon mannequins. Mickey magic theatre show and Winnie the pooh rides are great which kids will thoroughly enjoy.Not much variety on cuisine. I personally enjoyed the caramel popcorn, a must try.If you   re in Hong Kong, Ocean park is many times better and bigger than Disneyland. If you   ve already been to Ocean Park, don   t waste your money in Disneyland. If not, plan Ocean Park after Disneyland to rein in disappointments. Not a place for visitors who are used to polite staff and cordial behavior in queues.
Though a little small but then enough for a whole day. .don't miss the parade and the fireworks as the closing ceremony...do not miss the shows like the lion king and the other ones listed in the guide map. .do follow the  time guide  for events happening at different locations..A very magical experience for first timers. ..We all have Disney memories and a great feeling to live them..They will check your bags for any kind of eatables which cannot be carried inside as you have to buy everything from them.
We reached there by free shuttle service provided by Airport Mariott Hotel. There is also MTR station for Disneyland.Since we bought the tickets at Hong Kong Airport, we could enter the park directly and this helped us avoiding the queue. Strollers can be rented inside the park and it is a must for kids below 5 years. Indian food is not available inside the park but there are plenty of other options. One should not miss the closing fireworks show. Plenty of taxis are available after the show is over.
This Disneyparc is too small and overcrowded with China mainland visitors. We have seen 2 other Disneyparcs and our kinds loved those. In this parc they wanted to leave after lunch and go back to Ocean Parc   Homg Kong island
Visit to the park was like reliving my childhood.  The shows were in Mandarin and English. Limited food choice
If you've been to Disneyland California and Disney World Florida, don't expect too much in Disneyland HK. They still lack other amusement rides which I enjoyed in California and Florida.I still like shopping at the Disney store whether in HK or in California but sometimes I think Disney in USA is cheaper because they would bargain sale some stocks which are still of attractive good quality. In Disney HK, it still remains HK$ 215 to 235 for a shirt which is PHP1,290 to PHP1,410.Our local travel agency would charge us PHP3,700 for Disneyland ticket. But if I am in California, my Disneyland ticket will only cost me $41 or PHP1,845.Some toilets in Disneyland HK became smelly with pee in the afternoon, They only have very few drinking fountain and it looks old and rusting. Unlike in Disneyland California where the management there always keep the toilets clean and drinking fountain are almost everywhere to protect customers from dehydration.
Weather very hot during June holiday but overall we enjoyed ourselves in the disneyland theme park. Food are ok though ex, the wafer very cute with mickey face.. We enjoyed the rides, watching parade and fireworks. We also managed to take photo with Mickey and Minnie too during the photo session..
if you wanna feel to be young again, well I guess Disneyland is the best place for you mate. It was really a lot of fun experience!
We visited HK Disneyland on a very hot and humid Saturday recently. The crowds were less than expected. The longest queue was for Autopia. Space Mountain and others were 5 20 minutes. This is reasonable for Disneyland. The only rides that Fastpass was available for were Space Mountain and Winnie the Pooh. The park is geared towards younger children, but my 13 year old and I still found a lot of fun things to do and see. The food was typically theme park overpriced. We enjoyed our afternoon evening there, but any longer and we would have been bored.
There is nothing that one can dislike about disneyland other than the feeling when u leave on the last night....This was a dream come to true for my children. The place is so beautiful, the rides so lovely, even the most daring make you feel safe...the staff is as courteous as the best in the hospitality industry anywhere in the world...Recommend minm 2 days...
We went to Disney as a big family trip and we ended up leaving the place at 3PM.All the major spots were too crowded. I had to wait for at least 20 minutes for each attraction. The kids was tried after 2 3 rides. They should limit visitors per day or try to build more rides. I've been to Universal Orlando before and had such a better experience.Anyway, don't forget to use fastpass, at least it can help you go through the line a bit faster.
Smallest disneyland park they have in my opinion. ride is okay. food choices is kinda limited. Hotel inside disney is limited to 2 only. but still a good place to visit while in HK for Vacation
If you have not experienced a Disney Park, you will love. Especially if you have small children. As we had experienced Disneyland in Anaheim a number of times we found this park small. But loved the night time parade.
A weekend visit in Hongkong Disneyland for our toddler was memorable. Seeing Mickey and Minnie Mouse and the whole gang in person made him the happiest kid that day (not to mention Buzz Light year although Woody was missing). Photo ops with them were rather unforgettable. The parade was also good. Since we went there on a Sunday there were long queues for rides and other shows. The long lines were bearable but what was frustrating was some of the visitors who were cutting thru the lines. Food here was not really appetizing and was a little bit expensive. Personnel were nice, friendly and helpful. My son enjoyed his day and Disneyland has brought back me and my husband   s wonderful childhood. Disneyland is a place where you will always want to visit again.
Disneyland is amazing, this one is just slightly less so. Compared to the American Disneys, all the rest are small, but this one seemed smaller than Paris. The staff were friendly and helpful, the queues for rides all said 45 minutes but we're only 15. There seems to be a lot fewer characters walking around, though this could have been heat related. Unfortunately, we couldn't get into the Frozen Wonderland, which had a 3 hour wait time, if you want to do this I would recommend going there first and getting your ticket and returning. Getting there on the MTR was really easy and hassle free.
Came here a few times in the past for Xmas with family. What can I say about this place? It is absolutely amazing. It's big enough for you to explore but not huge so you feel exhausted going around. All the musicals are awesome (Lion King is the best one). Lots of fun to enjoy, the princesses are beautiful just like they come out from stories. I personally think it's way better than the one in Paris. Stay late for the fireworks, it is really something.
Today when i remember abt my trip to Disneyland , i find myself full of joy and amused . The grizzly mountain was just amazing , tomarrowland , the jungle book and tarzan 's house on the tree was just superb . Me and my wify forgot that we are honeymoon couples and we enjoyed alot . All rides are very safe and interesting
Do not use Viator skip the line ticket purchase. The people at Disney do not know what to do. It took me 30 minutes in Guest Relations to get a hard ticket. I could have purchased a ticket and been inside in under five minutes. Save your money. This is a 0.
Perhaps the most interesting part of the visit was watching the main land Chinese tourists struggle with the concept of queuing , push you young children to the front of the queue then go find them , simply push to the front of a long queue because you had a young child, pretend to study the paining and wall paper to push your way along a corridor .Easy to get to on the MTR, ok early in the morning and again late afternoon as people appear to disappear for dinner
Well this place good when go with kids in week end.   When I was there just they open indoor not out door because of storm.   I would say it's okay that's it.
Disneyland Hk during our visit april 2013 is kinda crowded, photo opportunity with Mickey and Minnie Mouse took almost 1 hour because of the very long line. Better to get and pay for a VIP pass to be in front of all the lines (photo opps and rides) as it really get so crowded. But of course visiting this place gives you an explainable feeling, we all grew up liking mickey mouse isn't it?
Kids will definitely enjoy it more as most of the rides there cater to them and they are only a few rides that adults will enjoy. Overall a nice and fun place to visit.
It's really a good place for holiday with family and friends. I went there with my family for 2 days and it really had a best experience for us. I can see Disney characters so close and playing some rides. ah, train to go to this disneyland is really cute    Disney everywhere. If you love disney, you should go to this park ^^
Park is great, well maintained, good service, but it can ve super crowded and on a Rainy day it can get a little uncomfortable. But you have to visit HK Disney while in HK !
A trip to Hong Kong Disney Land is an unforgetting experience. The meeting with all the disney chahracters in person, enjoying and clicking pics with these live characters is an unending feature. There are a lot of rides to enjoy with family and freinds. Complete with all the stories and fictions of the disney, the park is a complete feature of the original Disney family.
Have visited HK Disney in 2006 before we had a daughter. Last month brought our daughter here as a surprise for her 6th birthday. I felt it was better in 2006. This isn't too big or too small. If you reach there when it opens in the morning on a not so crowded day, you can easily cover all the attractions in a day. It was so hot last month which was also quite uncomfortable for us. They have all kind of food inside including Indian which was nice. The paint with lights parade in the evening was very good.There were no characters on the main street. We didn't know that they will give coupons in advance for the Frozen show. When we went there they said it's all over and the queue waiting now is for the next show which is 3 hrs later. We tried it 3 times with no luck. Our daughter was little disappointed. And then we saw Anna and Elsa posing for pictures beside the Frozen shop. There were only 2 3 people in queue. When we sent our daughter they told that we need to have coupon for this too. It won't take more than 10 secs for a pic but they refused. This happened twice. But overall our daughter had good fun as it's her first time.
Too small, too crowded, bad food.  Long lineups and some tourists are too eager and tried to jump the queue.
If you in Hong Kong for a few days then a visit to the Hong Kong Disneyland is a must do.We spent about 6 hours and still not see and experience all that this place has to offer. The entertainment is excellent and non stop. The 3 D cinena is really great. If fact this is more than the normal 3D. You can feel the wind and rain as well as the aromas!Very good entertainment for the entire family   young and old.
Once you have got here via the Mickey Mouse themed train you would swear you were in the middle of the America. Such a magical place to visit, unfortunately it rained when we visited but they still had the fireworks in the evening which were incredible. Best place to watch the fireworks is from the railway station   this also gives you a head start when exiting the park.
My husband, daughter and I spent the day in Hong Kong Disneyland in May 2016. The park was much smaller and quite different than California Disneyland. The park wasn't very crowded and we were able to do everything in one day. Mystic Manor was fun. Grizzly Mountain Runaway mine cars was exciting. We loved autopia even though the heat outside was very hot and humid. Space mountain is always a big favorite.
Have been there quite many times because of kids but recently found it boring. Firstly need to wait really long time for any ride. Some rides need to wait over one hour. Whole area is really small. Food is expensive. You hardly find a place to sit in. Everywhere packed. Most people from mainland China. Well it's good for kids and first time travelers.
Brings back the child in me...   I so love the rides....  But the food and other stuffs are so expensive...
We went as a group of adults and had a blast. There are lots of rides for us big kids, lots of places to eat, and the parade and fireworks at night are great! It's worth a day trip while in Hong Kong.
At first I was sceptical to pay HKD499 for an amusement park. Boy was I wrong. Had a great time with the wife and our 50  year old parents enjoyed it as well!Easily accessible via the MTR. Do stay for the fireworks at the end! A definite must do if you have a day to spare in HKG.
you will travel in a special disney train from Sunny Bay MTR. The resort is divided in 5 sections. with the help of map, we can complete whole resort in a day. And , don't forget the disney parade.
This was somewhere our 17yr old daughter has been hanging out to visit. For myself and hubby, we were not that keen on going but went for her. Being the types that loathe crowds and avoid hype and hysteria we were a bit more than hesitant to go. However seeing the joy on her face and everyone else's who love this sort of thing was a highlight. We still couldn't understand how people could wait in line for over 2 hours, yes, that was for the Frozen show, we obviously did not get to see that particular sight! The shows that we did see were spectacular, my favourite being The Lion King. My favourite ride was Mystic Mountain, it was brilliant. Remember to take no cans of drink, but take plenty of water, they charge like wounded Bulls in there!It can also get very hot in summer so take a face washer that you can wet down and keep cool with.
This place is located very conveniently to travel to. Even from the Hong Kong Airport, the transportation to reach this place is very easy and convenient. There are different entry tickets available to purchase. i took the one day entry ticket as i got only a day time for me for the visit.Once you are inside this place, its not only for kids but also for grown up like me who have grown up reading those Disney characters. I enjoyed each and every different park themes inside this Disneyland. For me, one day was not enough, i will surely visit this place again if i happen to travel via Hong Kong.
Let me quickly set your expectations this is not to the level as Disneyland or Disney World in the US, but for 6,000 miles away and a much cheaper ticket, Hong Kong Disney is a wonderful treat.Everyone told us that the park would be shoulder to shoulder full of people. That may be the case usually, but with planning you can find a good experience. The Chinese schools let out for summer break around June, so if you go beforehand and during the week, then it will not be as crowded. For Westerner, you should still check local holidays because there are several. We almost planned our trip over Dragon Boat Festival which would have also been more people there.The other concern people tell you is beware of the heat. It is warm in Hong Kong, but Disney turns down the air within the building to an almost Arctic level and each park line is outfitted with fans to keep the heat down.Now for the Disney experience itself... the first thing you will notice is the castle is much shorter. Second the upper levels of Main Street are more placards than actually architecture. With that said, the rest of the park was well done. The Toy Story area was amazing and fun. Space Mountain was better than shuttle cars in Florida. You can definitely do the park in a day, but the same can be said with the Magic Kingdom. We had virtually no waits for rides and when there were any, we picked up a Fast Pass. The other thing that stood out was there was virtually no princesses walking around. There were characters, but being in Asia, it was more authentic to the movies.
Kids will enjoy in park. For adults not much of rides. Good one time experience but park is small then what the hype it is. Good train ride to see Disneyland in Nutshell. There were not much characters around. Some more fun rides required in park.
the space is quite tight, and long queue on some activities. we had to skip some long lined activities. overall it's a good place to have fun with kids. but i have visited Paris Disneyland, and the memory is much better than this.
There was many new attractions and loads of fun for the young and old. But the hyped up fireworks was kinda over rated. i remembered a better fireworks when i went there when i was younger.
For a traveler who's not been to disneyland in orlando , US, this was a captivating experience . Although some rides are not meant for 50   , there enough to do . Add to it the various show's , parade   noon & evening & fireworks .... it makes the entire experience worth it. For those who want more than a day's outing , plan to purchase a 2 day pass . Also staying in Disney hotel is a totally different experience .... one must if time permits !!
who dont like mickey, donald, buzz light year, Pooh, etc step aside...hahaha is everyone theme park from children to adult, the show is getting better with additional show which is started last year, the parade show is on 19.45Pm called  light up the night  is a must see show parade !!, one thing that i dont like in this theme park is the food is quite expensive hehehehe
Our second trip to hk disney in two years. Such a great disney for little ones as the park is a lot smaller than the USA ones. Our kids loved mystic manor as it was a new ride from our previous visit. Our favourite disney ride of all time, it's just fun. Staff are lovely but food and drinks are so expensive.
It's a place where you can act your shoe size not your real age :) the entire settings, concepts, shows, afternoon and night character parades, rides, food pavilion (highly recommend Tahitian Restaurant if you fancy Indian vegetarian food). staff are always smiling and helpful and seem happy. Can go to HK Disney again and again
It's nice to visit a small size Disneyland. The only problem that I can see is that it's crowded and the queue was pretty long for a minute ride. I made a mistake of going to the park during the weekend but overall my daughters loved it and so did I.
Have taken my grand daughter here twice, she absolutely loved it. Size of park is much smaller than others but as this was the first park my grand daughter visited she was over the moon. Staff are lovely and constantly giving the little ones character stickers. We visited in February and queues were not that bad. The lion king show was brilliant, in fact we watched it twice. My grand daughter has since visited Euro Disney but still talks about Hong Kong. Worth going especially if you have little ones with you.even the train that takes you to the park is magical.
Finally decided to visit HK Disneland this June 2015 & saw for ourselves how small it is compared to the Disneyland in LA. We were a bit disappointed bec. aside from not having a lot of rides, some rides were closed like Buzz light year & Ironman. Also there weren't too many characters roaming the area unlike our experience in Disneyland LA & Disneyworld Florida. Only saw Merlin, who dashed away after 2 photos were taken; Tinkerbell whom we didnt have a chance to take a photo of bec. they had to cut the line. And Jessie from Toy Story. No Mickey or Minnie Mouse! I hope the management will add more rides in the future.
Try not to compare the park with the USA   we've been to both of the USA parks and this is loads of fun but definitely different. Similar rides but the Toy Story Land was our favourite, don't have them in the states yet! (At least not when we were there)We did it comfortably in a day but of course allow more time if you've got kids. This was two big kids having a day eating themed ice cream and going on all the rides!!
Good...1. The theme park is well maintained. Facility is accessible and clean.2. Staff are friendly and well presented, professional.3. Close to airport and Disney styled subway is fantastic.Bad...1. Admission is too expensive.2. Packed with nasty visitors. Queue jumping happens all the time. There are nasty people purposely enter your view when taking photos. Someone worse even dare to tell you move away (unfriendly) because they want to take pictures. Completely disasters!!3. Games are not exciting enough. I guess it's because they need to care about younger kids.4. Food is expensive. Although you would expect that but management can control it better.I believe it can be demographic issue, since I never come across all these bad things in American and Japanese Disneyland.Good luck.
Never been to Disney Land in LA but presume the same, some awesome rides, great shows and lots for kids to do. Love the disney train that takes you out to Disneyland
Our 3 year old loved disneyland Hong Kong. The train going there even has Mickey Mouse shaped windows!! The parade during the day was excellent and had Mickey Mouse as the star attraction. The kids can meet Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse ,Donald Duck etc just after the park in a designated area.we just stumbled across it...no need to pre book.i don't know who was more excited when my kid met Mickey Mouse! The night parade is great.....it had lightening McQueen from cars and Mack and all the usual Disney characters.lots of restaurants dotted around. The only negative is the long waiting times to go on the rides and they don't run for very long.maybe 1 minute. Well worth a visit.
We went on an overcast day which meant the crowds were down and we never had to wait more than 30 mins for rides. We enjoyed all aspects of Disneyland but would probably suggest not arriving there until just before 3pm when the first parade occurs. We were so tired we just couldn't wait for the evening parade and fireworks which was a little disappointing.
Have heard many people say that it is difficult to complete Disneyland in a day....but after my visit with family....I disagree to the statement. If planned wisely with the information and map provided at the information desk at entry point of Disneyland, one can easily complete the visit in a day with all the thrill and fun. Amazing place to be with family and friends. Definitely, overpriced restaurants and food kiosks inside the park, making it highly inconvenient for travelers to the park. Limited options with regards to the food and beverages. Disneyland is an international brand but at Hong Kong the park does not present global cuisines at the limited restaurants it has and also highly over priced. The intent of creating Disneyland was to provide fun and adventure time for family and friends to spend together, but it seems the intent has not been consistent with the success it has got over the years.For rides and shows it is definitely class apart. The Disney parade and lighting show is awesome. A must visit but do carry good cash because of its high pricing and limited options in food.
My fourth visit and still I enjoy a day out here     if possible chose a cooler but rainless day as there is little in the way of covered areas     there are attractions suitable for everyone from the Lion King and Golden Mickey shows to a space age big dipper and lots in between     there is a lot of ground to cover     wear sensible shoes and casual clothes     fairly priced currently s$499 for an adult for what is a full days entertainment (if you are 65 and over the cost is only s$100.00) is good value     my only gripe     on entry your bags are emptied of all items of food and beverages    once inside your wallet is emptied to buy replacements     unless you are at the Disneyland Hotel the MTR is your better option to get there (Note on the MTR if you are over 65 you can buy a concession ticket at 50% discount     use the machines and select the purple    concession    button     carry your passport in case you are asked)
My husband and I surprised our daughter with a visit to Hong Kong Disneyland for her 6th birthday. We went on a Monday and there was practically no line in most of the rides (including the popular ones). It was just too humid that day and we were thankful that we came in wearing comfortable clothing.Since there were no lines, we were able to go through some rides twice   most of the time to cool down since it was just too hot outside. It was unfortunate that there were rides that were closed for maintenance such us the Buzz Lightyear ride but we were informed via email prior to the visit.Disneyland is always a great way to spend time with family. It creates memories that kids will remember and may even pass on to their kids. I'm happy Hong Kong is just an hour flight away.Living in an Asian country, as well, I have gotten used to the unpredictable weather change. So, I suggest to bring a light jacket (for the kids) as some rides may tend to be cold and an umbrella   either for the rain or for shade   useful either way. You may also want to explore the park for food options as there is a variety of cuisines available. You will see more fine dining restaurants on Main Street but there are casual dining options as you go through the park.We did enjoy this visit despite the hot weather. Can't wait to be back. :)
Being from the Philippines, Hong Kong is very convenient for business as well as vacation. Now, I do not have to say more about the quality of entertainment you get at a Disney theme park. The best thing is the proximity to my home country and the extreme convenience of the Hong Kong MTR that takes you right into the park. Very easy for most travelers even with young kids.
be prepared to queue for 1 2hours for taking pictures with mickey. the rides are nice. the food taste average but it was a bit pricey.
During our one month stay in Hong Kong, we spent a weekend at Disneyland (our first Disney experience     and something that honestly had never been on our    to do list    prior to visiting Hong Kong), and absolutely had the best time! Here are our thoughts   advice based on our experiences with our two young kiddies (Mister 5 and Ms 2):    We purchased our tickets online the day before we went, and then presented our credit card at arrival to collect the tickets     thus beating some of the crowds (we arrived 10 minutes after opening each day, and long queues had already formed). Incredibly quick and easy.    We found it to be marginally more expensive to purchase the two day pass (rather than just a one day pass), and we are so glad that we did. You could absolutely cram everything into one day, but if you have two young kiddies in tow, there would be rapidly diminishing returns as you get into the late afternoon and evening! We were there from 10am to 5pm on each of the two days, and that was stretching it with our kids     though it enabled us to take things at a more leisurely pace, and do some rides 4 times.    We found Disneyland to be a far superior experience than Ocean Park for our young children, and actually for us as parents too: o There were several more rides that our kiddies could do at Disneyland (12 different rides in total, plus the Flights of Fantasy Parade, and the Lion King Show), versus only a handful at Ocean Park.o The atmosphere at Disneyland was amazing     unfortunately we just didn   t pick up that same vibe at Ocean Park     it really had the same atmosphere as a shopping centre.    Our two days were split as follows:o Saturday:    Fantasy Land (we loved everything, though our kids were utterly petrified during the 3D Mickey   s PhilharMagic show     it was incredibly loud, and really bizarre     definitely wouldn   t recommend, even for adults).    Tomorrow Land (only did Oribiton and Space Mountain (only my 5yo and husband did Space Mountain as our 2yo didn't meet the height requirement))    Flight of Fantasy Parade     which was amazingly atmospheric    Festival of the Lion King     amazing amazing amazing! (and I have seen the West End performance and was still hugely impressed by this    concise    version)o Sunday:    We raced over to Toy Story Land as soon as we arrived, which was incredibly quiet (our two kiddies had the most fun here): Slinky Dog Spin (which we did 4 times) and Toy Parachute Drop.    Mystic Point (our kiddies got nothing out of this): Mystic Manor (our kids were petrified!     there were warnings that it could be frightening to young children, but we didn   t heed them     and then spent the next few minutes trying to cover their eyes and ears (and their mouths as they screamed their lungs out!)    Adventure Land (our kiddies got nothing out of this): Jungle River Cruise (this was a complete waste of time     we were seated in the middle of the boat (as that is where we were told to sit!), and couldn   t see a single thing, in part due to the inconsiderate group of men who were blocking our view with their iPads recording the entire ride).    Revisited many of the rides at Fantasy Land    Revisited Tomorrow Land, and did the Buzz Light Year Astro Blasters (our kids were petrified     which was devastating to my husband and I, as we were trying to beat each other   s scores     but having to console the kids at the same time!)    There were maintenance works happening while we were there (mid April): the Disneyland Railroad service was suspended, and the castle was being renovated.     We decided not to stay to see the fireworks, as we knew that our kiddies wouldn   t be able to go the distance of an entire day at the Park and then a trip back to our apartment on the train.    We decided not to do any Character Meet & Greets     we thought that our kids would get more value out of the rides.Advice for those with littlies:    Do a little research, and work out a plan using a map     it may not be as huge as other Disney parks     but it definitely takes a little while to walk from one side to the other, particularly if you are carrying the kids! In particular, you want to avoid going near the rides that your kids won   t meet the height requirements for (all set out on the Disney website)     it will just result in tears and screaming! ;)     Know when to cut your losses!     we decided not to do Autopia and The Golden Mickey   s because we knew that our kids would not tolerate the wait time (in excess of 45 minutes for each).    We had read that bags are searched upon entry, and food will generally be confiscated (it is a park rule that food cannot be taken in). We can confirm that all of our bags were searched upon entry on both days, but that our small container of food for the kids was not confiscated. We are so glad that we had this with us (sandwiches and fruit), as there weren   t many options for buying cheap & healthy western food for kids. My husband and I just purchased some food from the bakery on Main Street, and supplemented the kid   s healthy food with some not so ideal snacks from the Park.
If you like Disney then this is the land to be. It might be smaller than any other Disney Land but is no less in terms of fun. The tickets are cheaper but the only issue is that you might end up at attractive with huge queues. Try using fast pass where available. And do follow the instructions given in the booklet at the information center.
The park is pretty well organised and very pleasently reachable by subway dedicated train line from either HongKong island and Kowloon. The attractions are many and with limited waiting time, other than during local holidays, where the place is pact. Multiple eating facilities, yet bring water always with you, as it is always impossibly hot and humid.
1. Clean and well maintained.2. Staff are friendly and helpful. Your child should approach as many of the staff for stickers as everyone of them carry stickers with them and they give them away when you ask for them, however each staff have with them only one type so the more of the park you visit and the more staff you approach, you will get a better variety of the stickers.3. The rides are tailored more for the young so older kids may not enjoy them that much.4. Food is a little on the expensive side but the quality is worth what you pay for.5. Bring bottled water with you if you are visiting during the summer months, I was just there in June and the temperature was between 36 39 degrees Celsius. There are water coolers to fill your bottles outside every toilet so just bring one bottle otherwise the weight will get you down.6. Average wait times for rides about 35 minutes.7. Must see  It's a small world, Parachute Training, The many adventures of Winnie the pooh, Mystic manor, Buzz Light year Auto Blaster, Autopia.8. Not for young children  Space mountain, Grizzly gulch ride, RC racer.9. I visited two days so I did not need to rush.10. Do stay for the night parade at 1930hrs and fireworks at 2100hrs. Position yourself early at the street junction outside the castle for the best view. However, to take better videos of the fireworks you might want to move further away from the castle along the main street otherwise the full display may not be captured by your phone camera.11. Snacks you simply must try, churros at Toy story land, Mickey waffle at main street.12. Get a stroller if your young one is not so willing to walk  $100 HKD but requires a returnable deposit of $100HKD  keep the receipt.13. Would have given 5 stars if not for some of the closed attractions, Mystic Manor, Astro Blaster which I had previously taken and thoroughly enjoyed and my son was looking forward to but was not available this visit.
We went as a couple and struggled to find much to entertain us. It is very well set up with rides for children and no doubt you would need a few days to get thru everything.
Our family of 4, including our daughters ages 7 and 12, payed HKD a visit in the worst time of the year but still worth the laughs and memories. The summer is scorching hot and muggy so one should strategically plan their trip. I did not find a trip planner as I did for Disneyland in California so a lot of research and planning was done to come up with our individual itinerary. We have previously been to the Disney parks in California and Tokyo so HKD would be our third. We avoided the ticket line by purchasing online via Klook.com which was cheaper than onsite. We also purchased meal vouchers from the same website and found this to be a huge benefit. Each individual meal voucher was $35 which got us a lunch meal between noon and 4:30 p.m.; a dinner meal between 4:30 8:30 p.m. and a snack (ice pop or popcorn) anytime during the day. The meals are very Asian infused and not typical for Westerners so be open. For lunch we stopped at the Riverview Cafe where it was served in Chinese fashion (food shared amongst the table). Tea is served instead of any other beverage which you would have to pay for. We had dinner at the Royal Banquet Hall where they had various styles of food. I stuck with the Asian sushi meal (delicious!) whereas the family stuck with the American burger (not good). This was actually sufficient for our entire day. The only other thing we purchased was a water bottle or two (we used camelbaks for our water source).We decided to experience those attractions and areas that were not found in previous Disney theme parks that we visited. Based off the attractions available in Fantasyland, we decided that we would not waste our time with the majority of these attractions. We also did not waste much time with character meet and greets since. Although it was the summer and we expected huge crowds, we went during a weekday which was perfect for crowd control. The longest wait time we experienced was about 30 minutes for Winnie the Pooh (fast pass not available on our day). With our itinerary we were able to do the following: Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars x 4  Mystic Manor x 2 Toy Soldier Parachute Drop RC Racer x 2 Jungle Cruise Lion King show Buzz Lightyear's Astro Blaster Space Mountain x 2 (fast pass) It's a Small World Winnie the Pooh Mickey's Philhar Magic Meet and greet with Minnie and Pluto Fireworks showThe order of the areas we visited were: Grizzly Gulch Mystic Point Toy Story Land Adventure Land Tomorrow Land Fantasy Land Toy Story Land Mystic Point Grizzly GulchNotice we decided to not do the street parade. First, it's too hot to be watching the parade, even in the shade. Second it's the same parade as in California. Third, since the Chinese are big into the characters, this allowed us to visit more attractions. Plan the Lion King show and Philhar Magic show (both highly recommended and in English) so that you can use them as a break to get away from the heat. Get your seats for the fireworks right after the Disney Paint the Night; about 8:30 p.m. Watch for the workers setting up the tape (boundary lines) and establish your spot. If you go during the summer, the ground is still ridiculous hot at this time so take something to sit on.7 year old daughter's review: it was fun and you would really like it. Top 3 attractions: Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars (similar to Thunder Mountain in California), RC Racer, and Space Mountain.12 year old daughter's review: it was fun because there were things for kids my age to enjoy. Top 3 attractions: Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars, RC Racer, and Space Mountain.Wife's review (Disney fan): it was fun but it lacked the magic you expect. She felt that this was because of the workers almost seeming to not enjoy being there. Top 3 attractions: Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars, RC Racer, and Space Mountain.My review (Disney fan): do your research early using various sites so that you can at least get a general idea of what your day will look like. Just as in the states, try to get to the rope drop at least by 9:45 a.m. however arriving at 10:00 a.m. will not be too bad. The park is small compared to others but if you focus on this con, your day will turn out the same. Top 3 attractions: Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars, RC Racer, and Lion King show.
A must must must visit! If you are looking for an amusement park with thrilling rides then no, this is definitely not the place for you....Ocean park is the destination. Disneyland is perfect in every way. The eye for detail and happy cheer all along makes the Disney experience even more enjoyable and memorable. Must see....the parade both in the morning and at night and the Golden Mickey show. And the spectacular fireworks was the icing on the cake. The train ride is great and gives you a round tour of the park. ...should be done on entry. And since rides especially thrilling for little boys are. ..parachute drop in Toystoryland and buzz light year astro blaster and roller coaster at the space mountain in Tomorrowland is the most hair raising ride in the park. ..not for the faint hearted. And Fantasy land is perfect for little girls...expecially dolls representing each continent in small world. If time permits a river cruise in Adventureland is also fun. Perfect for kids and parents who grew up in Disney characters. This park is one of the smaller Disneyland but perfect in every sense. ...
We couldn't be flexible in our time so we visited on a Sunday in June   not the best idea! The kids absolutely loved it, especially Buzz Lightyear and Mickeys PhilharMagic, we went to see the show twice! It was so cute seeing the kids try to grab the jewels on screen. It was very hot, but good. The Disney machine at its best.
We recently visited Hong Kong Disney, while we have not visited other Disney parks we have been to movie world, sea world, dream world (all gold coast) and ocean park (Hong Kong). We visited with two adults and two children (12, 7) Public transport there and back to our hotel in Kowloon city was quick and simple to use.I took the advice of a fellow trip adviser when arriving at the park to get photos taken with Anna and Elsa from frozen, to get the passes required you need to be very quick from the gates at opening time as they only give out 50 passes a day. The pass location is to the left hand side, as you look at the Disney castle, staff will be there handing them out.To get into the frozen show it is also hard to get tickets as the tickets for the shows for the day go very quickly. Once you get the tickets and watch the show you go into frozen land an important part of the frozen land is that there is only limited time to do the activities before being moved on. We sat at the back of the frozen show and went straight into the frozen world and were able to get photos with Olaf and have a go on the toboggan ride but only just.The two day pass for us was great value as we went on a Saturday and a Monday. the line ups for the rides were quite reasonable.Most of all the kids had a ball and the youngest was able to go on all of the rides.Cheers
There are at least a couple of points about HK Disney, that rate it above its' sister parks. Granted it is the smallest, and may not have the complete experience of the original; but for children aged from 3 15, it is just fine.Firstly, the location, on Lantau Island, is very easy to reach, via the MTR.Secondly, the lack of queues is amazing. We had a 5 minute wait for Space Mountain. Even at the peak of the day, the wait time was no longer than 30 minutes. The longest wait my kids had, was 30 minutes for Autopia.Otherwise, the Disney experience is replicated very well at the Hong Kong location. Excellent food, merchandising, service; all trademarks of the Kingdom of the Mouse.
It is cute, cool, and beautiful. I like it especially the train that delivers us to Disneyland. No wonder if people like it so much. But if you want to visit, do not do it summer between june july because it is so damn hooot.
I've visited the Orlando, Anaheim and Paris Disneyland and out of all them this is definitely the most relaxed and most enjoyable day I've had. There isn't as many rides as the other parks and the castle in no way lives up to the others but this didn't matter. There weren't massive crowds of tourists and lines were no longer than 10 minutes so the actual experience of walking around was very chilled, none of the stress you get from other Disney parks. This park is only 10 years old so the rides are still new and shiny compared to the dated ones you get in Orlando. The shows are good, could do with more English subtitles but this didn't matter too much as the acting and singing was in English, definitely see the festival of the lion king. The paint the night parade was also good, one of my favourite parts of the park was how much Disney Pixar I saw about and more of the old classic films and princesses. Definitely worth a visit!
We visited Disneyland in the middle of a hot summer. It was very easy to get there with a train line devoted just to Disneyland itself. Queues were not long but we did get there early! The Grizzley Coach roller coaster was a highlight. We went on it twice! Staff were friendly and souvineers were high quality. The train was not working which was the only disappointment
We went there with two day pass on weekday so we could enjoy most of activities. The games for teen are not attractive compared with Universal Studio (according to our kids) but the shows are great.   Very impressed with service from all staff.
I have been to 3 other Disneyland and this is the smallest.  It gets pretty crowded and has some unique feature such as different lines and times for some rides and shows.  So make sure you get in the right line at the right time.
So fulfilling a promise to my daughter age 6   Disney by the time she is 12yrs old. Well we wish she had said by the time she was 10yrs old as brother and sister ages 9 and 6 enjoyed it a lot more. In saying that we all enjoyed it. it was pretty flawless Disney entertainment. Everything on our day there (week day) was just right. Not too crowded, no long queues, no big tour groups. Not quite adrenaline for the 12 yr old but nice. heard some good reports about the food so actually bought the chinese lunches  no one could actually eat it. Snacks from the little vans made a much better dinner as we stay until the end.Oh the night time and midday show are completely different so if you have the stamina its worth staying for.
Disneyland is indeed the most magical place in the world. It was our family's first time to go to disneyland and the closing fireworks display was definitely worth waiting for. Being in disneyland makes one believe that anything is possible, even for my parents who are already above 60. My birthday celebration here was definitely a blast!
Went with a friend and her young children recently. There's nothing there for Tweens and teens but for young kids it can be magic.However, don't go on a Sunday or a public holiday. The park is so crowded and there will be adults pushing past your child to get in a child's ride. It's bizarre. The shows are great.Although the park is smaller than the other disneys   small kids will not be disappointed. Music is piping through sound systems, the characters are much in evidence and it can be magic   especially on a weekday.
Disneyland it was as a promise to our daughter! So, by taxi to Central and then the MRT all the way to Disney. This was altogether a 45 min trip and the most cost effective way of getting to the magic land.Tickets to Disneyland can be purchased online and redeemed at the entrance gates, either at the information booth or the auto ticket dispensers. The only thing to watch out for is that the instructions on the ticket dispenser are in Mandarin. Unlike the other fun parks, there was no option for express entry unless you join the Disney club, which for the price and as a visitor, was not worth it. So, getting to Disney early as advised by my cousin who lives locally was the secret. We arrived at just after 10.30 am when the park opened on a weekday. There was a small crowd but not a long queue for the rides. The longest we waited was 15 minutes. The park is known as the smallest Disneyland in the world and you can finish the circuit with a good number of rides in about 3 4 hours. The rides we enjoyed most were at Mystic World   trip to Mystic Manor, and the famous Small World global boat trip. The safari river ride was also entertaining.Each of the  worlds  is populated with a cafe or a restaurant where meals are reasonably priced. For a more upmarket environment, Main Street has a Chinese restaurant hosted by Maxims and a place for afternoon tea. There are fireworks and a parade every evening but we did not stay for that after a long hot day. You could time your visit so that it coincided with the evening festivities as an option.Everybody needs a ride on Dumbo the magic flying elephant at some point!
I visited Hong Kong Disneyland in October 2014 with my husband   we thought that we would be a little out of place not having children with us, but I can honestly say that we thoroughly enjoyed our visit! We felt like little kids ourselves!! We purchased a two day pass at the gates and visited during the week. The wait lines for rides were basically non existent during our visit. We visited once during the day, spending the majority of the day at the park, and a few days later at nighttime to experience the parade and fireworks. Even the special Disney themed train to the park was amazing! Would definitely visit again, and feel it is the perfect sized park to bring small children due to the size of the park. Highly recommend!PS if you fly out of HK airport around 8.30pm, you may be able to catch a glimpse of the fireworks from the sky.
HK Disneyland is wonderful, not as big (yet) as Anaheim, however, I have visited the park 6 times, each time another land rides experiences have been added. It is very clean, the staff are just wonderful. I could not go to HK without going to Disneyland. If you are staying in the City, it is really easy to get to Disneyland by train, if you decide to stay at one of the Disney hotels, i would recommend the Hollywood Hotel if you have children with you & the Disneyland Hotel if you are traveling without children, it is truly a magical day..make sure you see the Lion King alive show..truly amazing.
Was a bit disappointed   I expected it to be a bit larger and merrier. The staff was very unfriendly and kept pushing the crowd to one side, hours before the parade was to start. The staff managing the characters allowed people to take too much time taking photos. The lines were long and not moving. A lot of construction was taking place. The restaurants were too pricey and limited variety. The best was the ' Lion King'. It was an excellent production.
It's a great place if you have kids. My 5 year old was super excited and that's the reason we visited HK. The frozen show is for limited audience and thus you should collect passes at Disney. They also give out for those for meeting elsa. So don't miss out on that which we did. Don't miss the ride called big grizzly mountain mine ride. It's awesome. My daughter also loved it and it's slightly adventurous too. Plenty of options indoors too if you get tired. Especially a 4d 5d option of mickey. You get sprayed upon and also feel the wind in your here. It's awesome. Food is just average. Would have helped If there were some known food chains also inside. It's got lot of shopping option s too. And don't miss the parade. It's there in eve information and in night too. The fairies also appear for photo sessions. So kids love getting clicked.
Amazing fun to be there starting from the DISNEY BUS and DISNEY train especially for this place. Plan your day well with the map so that you don't miss on your favorites. Do plan the time so as to be in right place when disney carnival takes place  its worth watching. DO NOT PURCHASE TICKETS FROM TOUTS and ALWAYS CHECK VALIDITY OF TICKETS MENTIONED BEHIND IT.Don't come back too soon as the night lights and especially the fireworks are a GREAT SHOW, Spend whole day, start early and enjoy with kids.
Liked Disneyland.Though its more of a place for small kids than teenagers. There are hardly any rides for the teens...more for the kids.Like the Disney train...with everything made up as a disney character.The various areas have been nicely done & photo ops are many. The parade is good ,so are the fireworks.Good for a first Disneyland trip.Nov 12
Thank you for making our son the happiest :) Disneyland is really the happiest place on earth :) the weather is super hot during our visit. Maybe will be back by winter ;)
We found it very easy to travel from Mongkok by train and then bus. Getting around the park was straight forward. My 8 year old loved the attractions, her first Disneyland. I preferred Ocean Park as I loved the view on the cable car. A smaller park by comparison with other Disney Parks. I was pleased that I didn't stay at the Disney Hotel, that we stayed at Langham Place, Mongkok, instead as it was more central to shopping and markets.
Went there on a wet day. Good thing is most of the rides didn't take long in the queue to get on, bad thing is some of the rides are closed. We also missed the Frozen village because all fast passes on that day were gone and we didn't want to queue up for 2 hours to see a show and then be allowed into the village (would've been nice if they would let people in just to see the village without seeing the show).The Philhar Magic show was cool with all the 3D effects etc but the Golden Mickey was not as exciting. There aren't enough thrill rides and there aren't enough rides in really. Tarzan's house was a big let down being so hard to get to and not much to see at all.Staff were not the most professional and their acting were not the best, especially on the boats around the jungle area.Food and drinks are expensive as you'd expect from such touristy places but the quality was not that bad. The annoying thing is that they actually go through your bag to make sure you don't bring food in to ensure their business...I'd never been to a Disneyland so I am glad that I have now, probably won't go back to this one though.
This was a lot like the Disneyland in California actually when you walk in it is a exactly the same.  Many of the out side attractions are different but better because it is only 10 years old so it is very nice.
While the Disneyland park in Hong Kong is relatively small, there is still a good amount of things to see, try and ride there. The park is visibly stunning, vibrant with multiple colors and flower decorations. They really made sure that it is a treat for the eyes. And the rides and amusements there are fun and safe, applying to both children and adults alike.The only drawback is if you go there during major holidays and vacation periods, then the waiting can be awful. Especially when you stand in line for over an hour just to get into a single attraction.
I visited Hong Kong Disneyland in April, my first trip to Disneyland! Even though I had travelled without my kids this time, the place is nothing close to being boring! In fact, we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves as  overgrown kids . There are a good mix of kiddy rides and attractions and those for grown ups and thrill seekers would definitely enjoy themselves on the more scary rides. The waiting times are very reasonable too. I didn't queue beyond 15 mins for all rides. We stayed at the Hollywood Hotel and even managed to go back for a rest when the weather proved too hot for us to stay in the theme park. The shuttle services prying between the hotels and Disneyland are awesome for this purpose. Our favourite activity is the Nighttime Spectacular where we were treated to an interactive and lighted procession of Disney characters, followed by the spectacular fireworks display!A not to be missed attraction if u visit Hong King, with or without your kids! Truly magical which allows you to relive all your childhood fantasies!
Went here during summer and it was very hot. There are a lot of attraction to play. And not to worry to muslim traveler as here is a halal food available in the them park.
This is our 3rd visit to Hong Kong Disneyland, and each time they add a little bit more to the park. This is the smallest of the Disneyland parks around the globe, but it is very well put together and the layout is the easy to get around and see everything without missing a section of the park. It's not a bad size for the 1st time visitor to a Disney park, and during the week, you can see everything and ride all the rides in under 4 hours    but only during the week. The weekends are really crowded and lines can go on for 90 minutes on some rides.Try to eat lunch before noon or dinner before 5 pm, and you shouldn't experience any wait at the restaurants. The entire staff at Disney, as always, are extremely helpful, courteous and informative.Highly recommended. If you go during the week, you will only need 1 day at the park to see and do everything. If there during the summer or vacation time, you will need 2 days because of the crowds.
We actually visited in June 2014, but I couldn't select that from the list. I say it is a good 'taste' of Disney because once you have been to Walt Disney World (WDW   Orlando Florida for the uneducated) everything else comes off second best. But I have to say there are some real surprise packets here, such as;1. Big Grizzley Mountain Runaway mine carts coaster   not a thrill coaster but still a lot of fun 2. Mystic Manor   quite a fun attraction3. Space Mountain   I actually prefer the Space Mountain at this park to the one at WDW.4. RC Racer   Although I wish it were longer this is a lot of fun.It's good for a 1 day outing and a taste of Disney.
Amazing, the best, i got a change to meet minnie mouse and take pictures the attractions are good,  lines for every attraction are  long, food are not so delicious but it can fill your hungry stomach and marvelous  parade
Well Hong Kong Disney is still the smallest but the addition of toy story land is a marvellous addition.The front and backwards roller coaster is mighty thrilling. As is the soldiers parachuting, the speeds are low, hopeful wait for the descent speed to go up. Slinky? The dog train ride is a magnet for kids.. short ride for which you have to queue at least 20 mins. Just go and let your hair down.
Such an amazing day! Buy tickets online beforehand to avoid the queues   and be prepared for the humidity!Plenty to see and rides to enjoy. Great eating options and places to relax. Personal opinion   this is better than Euro Disney and worth the stop over in Hong Kong.
Disneyland Hong Kong was of course a must do on the trip to HK, and we duly booked in advance, and made our way early to the park. It was a wet day, but that was no dampener to the kids who were really super excited about being there. Though we went on a Monday, when i thought crowds would be relatively fewer, it quickly filled up, and by noon, it was usual to see a waiting time of 20 minutes to 30 minutes or more for most of the interesting rides. While we waded into as many as we could pack in during the day, what i really missed out on was the DIsney shows. Because almost each show needed you to wait for anything between 45 minutes to 2 hours to get in. That to me, leaves visitors with a very clear choice. Visit Disneyland for the shows or the rides. You just can't pack in both in a day. Even over two days, it would be difficult if these are usual wait times. I shudder to think what happens on weekends. The really smart strategy would of course be to do the rides in Ocean park, and more of the shows in Disney, where it has a clear edge. Until the Iron Man ride gets ready next year:)Having said that, the park management was impeccable, as you expect from Disney, and we had absolutely no problems at all. One suggestion to Disney would be to perhaps have a separate ticket for the shows exclusively.
average location for family with children to enjoy. limited rides and views and sometimes long line going to entrance.
perfect for families with young children,  but compared to the other Disneyland,  this is definitely too small!!  nonetheless.  worth a visit.
You need to go disneyland once then this is the one. Its not overwhelming and you can easily complete in one day tops. You will get an idea of the attraction and why people spend 3 days at the disneyland at Anaheim. If you have time in hong kong, please do this. You can easily go there by the metro train which ends up into the throat of disneyland right where you can buy tickets. Stay as late s you want as you know the metro is there. If you want you can take a cab but it may cost you 200 hkd which I cannot afford.
I was originally reluctant for this kind of park but have to bring my small child there. It came out with a fantastic day trip where the dad is probably getting more excited than the child! Everything is well organized and perfectly managed. Just few tips, avoid during summer the noon time, better be there after 16:00 in case. MTR from Central Station is very convenient.
Went here with family. Took a long travel from Tsim Sha Tsui area. Around 40 minutes. Got there, if you already bought tickets online, just proceed to guest relation counter. Inside the park, if you go together with young kids, you have to pick the ride that suitable for them. Some rides will make them scary. Like the Grizzly Gulch or the Space Mountain.The food and drink were very expensive in there. One small bottle of mineral water will cost you 50 HKD. Actually you can bring your own drink from outside the park ,just make sure you don't bring too many bottle inside your bag.The parade will start at around 3.30pm in the main street if it is not rain on that time.Overall, this theme park suitable for more young kids and since is's small, you can actually finished all the rides in 6   7 hours, depends on the crowds.
Dont buy your ticket online coz its cheaper when you buy it there on the ticket counter. I'm not sure how come they are offering 2 days tour while you can finish all the rides and enjoy everything in 1 day so think about it before signing up. Try visiting after lunch around 2PM coz aside from its less crowded you'll save money because food inside is expensive plus your kids will still have the energy to wait for the fireworks display which happens around 9PM. Also, more events happen in the afternoon like the afternoon parade and around 7PM is the night parade which is both awesome and you shoud'nt miss it. Less queue on rides as well in the afternoon.
There are so many reviews of Disneyland here that I   m just going to cover points that haven   t already been mentioned!It   s do able in a day of the crowds aren   t too long     otherwise forget it. Remember little legs do get hot and tired in the humidity (ESPECIALLY in the hot, humid Summer) and no matter how you plan it, you will have covered a fair distance by the end of the day. Add to this the fact that the    paint the night    parade is at 7:45 pm and the fireworks kick off at 9 pm (the park opens at 10 am)     and that   s before you fight your way onto the last train     and the attraction of a two day pass is apparent.The PhilharMickeys, Festival of the Lion King (theatre show) and the Golden Mickeys are all worth seeing     and it   s nice to see Chinese influence and flavour permeating the shows, which makes the experience unique.Research how the Frozenland element works if Elsa and Anna are important to you   otherwise you   ll miss out.Make sure you catch the drummers (on buckets and dustbins!) in Tomorrowland     they   re not advertised (and I   m not sure they even have a formal time slot schedule) but they are excellent, highly skilled and great fun!Food is at extortionate prices: 40 HKD for popcorn, the same for one ice cream scoop and 25 HKD for a small popsicle. If you actually want a meal   well   !!! The ticket states on it that no food or drink is allowed to be taken into the park so technically they can make you throw it away (and thus pay their prices) at the entrance   but when we went everyone was being allowed to take in their sandwiches, rolls and plastic bottles   just not cans or glass bottles of drink.The MTR to the park is great. From Jordan Street, take the Tsuen Wen Line (red     in the direction of Tsuen Wan) to Lai King and change there to the Tung Chung (yellow     in the direction of Tung Chung) line. Get off at Sunny Bay and wait for the train that takes you to Disneyland. It all takes around 45 55 minutes.Oh, and once you   re there just pretend you   re a kid again!
seeit is quite good for kiddos, not teenagers. its wish of your kid to take you there coz quite close to india.1. plan well, you can sure finish it easily in day.2. dont even think of wasting second day of staying just to cover all rides n attractions. its quite small3. dont miss micky 4D show, simba show4. Frozen was big disappointmentconclusion: they need to improve quite a lot
Its a short and simple day out for kids and family. Has lots of rides and shows for kids of ll age group. The colourful Disney Parade is not to be missed!
Disneyland has a very good business model. They have very good service. But they know how to squeeze every cent off visitors. I spent my whole time there on a hot June weekday and found some ways to save money and enjoy more on weekdays. Here are some reflections as I felt cheated by the business model after my trip:1. The park tends to very crowded in the late morning and early afternoon. This is because most tour groups arrive in the morning and families and youths on holiday tend to go there during these hours. It is hence hardly surprisingly that all the exciting rides or plays take around 20 to 30 minutes waiting time. It is very frustrating when the weather is hot and you will waste a lot of time waiting.2. But I notice something after 4pm. From 4pm, I notice the wait times for the exciting rides were reduced to 5 to 10 minutes for most stations. This is because most of tour groups and students have left. You get a chance to enjoy the stations. More importantly, you avoid the queue and the weather is better around that time. 3. At around 5pm, I notice new entertainment appears. They are people singing on the streets and some new disney characters will suddenly in the evening. Moreover, there is a fireworks display at 7.30pm. I think they are trying to encourage people to spend more and stay in their hotel. Hence, they provide a different set of entertainment to attract this customers to book their overpriced hotels. 4. Another reason why Disneyland has a good business model is the over priced food. A single scoop of ice cream can cost HK $50. Their concept diners and self run fast food chains serve bland burgers at exuberant prices. The taste is not unique from food you can buy in other areas in Hong Kong. Moreover, the queue is very long and frustrating under the hot June weather. As a result, perhaps it is better to go after your lunch. You can avoid the queue and save money on food.5. I made a terrible mistake to buy the tickets online before I go Disneyland. I notice the ticket prices are cheaper when you buy at the Disneyland counter. 6. There are many souvenir shops to attract you to buy more. Some of the shops sell items not found in other souvenir shops. My advice is do window shopping first at the 2 main shops near the entrance. You take note of the prices of things you are interested in and don't buy first. Reason is because you have to walk pass those shops again before you leave. So you can buy later. Moreover, it prevents impulse buying because you may find nicer souvenirs at other souvenir shops in Disney theme park. Please bring your own plastic bag as plastic bags in shops are chargeable.7. There are many areas you can take photos with your favourite characters. But each photo is around HK $200. There is an unlimited package at HK$298 that is recommended and worth it. You can go for that as you can print unlimited photos. Through my learning experiences, my recommendation is to go around 2pm after a heavy lunch. You buy the tickets from the ticket counter at Disneyland. After you reach around 2pm, you avoid stations that are popular among youths. You visit performances like Mickey Mouse Awards as there are air con and can hold more people. At around 4pm after you watch the performances, buy sourvenirs and take photos with your disney characters, you will then visit all the exciting rides. This will allow you to save a lot of time on waiting as wait time will be cut around 5 to 10 minutes for most rides. You should complete all the rides by 7.20pm and appreciate the evening activities propping up. After that you can proceed for the 7.30pm parade and fireworks. That will end your day and just in time for dinner outside Disneyland. This programme will help you to save money and time. It will also beat the well crafted Disneyland business model.
Visitors Disney land in May during my stay in Hong Kong. It wasn't very busy when we went which ment ques were not so long . The maximum duration we waited was 30 mins for the elephant ride . Though it was raining on the day we went we had an amazing time . It was more for my two year old who throughly enjoyed her self . I would recommend you take out a full day for this if you want to go around the whole of disney land . We were little short of time and didn't get to see everything plus it started to rain which was a little downer for us . Due to the rain the parade and fire work was canceled which was a shame as we we're looking forward to that . I found the prices of food and drinks highly expensive , if you can take your own snacks then do so .
Every ride available, High, Fast, Cruises Castles, Grottos, Animation, Magic shows. Lots different food, places to sit and rest. Use the MRT to get there, from Sunny Bay Station to Hong Kong Disneyland Resort. A 10 minute walk and your at the gates. Prices from $40 70 USD for the day. Also stay at the park Hotel. Possible rain from May to September so take a raincoat. Open 10am to 9 pm.Kids will love it.
Brilliant day spent at HK Disneyland with our children. Because we pre booked tickets with Klook, we had to bet on the day we chose to be a fine day. It was not to be so, as it rained on and off the whole day. But, we all still had fun. The younger son is sad he was not tall enough for the fun rides, but still happy overall. The older one had a blast! The park is small enough to just need a day to go through. The staff were reasonably good, with only a few going the extra mile of making it a (Disney's special) magical experience for the children. Food wise, because visitors are not allowed to bring food in, everyone has to eat at their restaurants   there were many, with different themes, which is nice for the children. Food quality was pretty decent, and prices not extortionate (you gotta be glad for this!).Overall, a good day spent!Highly recommended, especially for family with children.
spent a good 5 hours in disneyland. The rides are great. But the best part is the parades. Do not miss them. The night parade was the highlight. Never seen something as good and all I could say is Wow to it. Cause they cater to a lot of Chinese tourists. You could expect a bit of a chinese flavour to the parades. Waiting time for most rides was about 10 mins. Was there ona hot summer weekday. A lot of places to eat and drink if you get hungry. A must visit if never been to any Disneyland before.
People said since I'd been to the USA Disney not to expect much which was great because HK Disney exceeded my expectations. Travelling with my elderly mother and 2 small kids the size was perfect not to mention that we didn't wait longer than 10 minutes in any line to get on a ride and went on the majority of them. The park was well suited to my 3 year old and 18 month old and the parades were spectacular. If I had to go to Disney with small kids I wouldn't hesitate coming back to HK Disney
This is a great Disney to introduce kids too. It's not to big easily done in 4 6hrs. The day we went there was no night parade and fire works which must have kept the crowds away as we didn't not wait longer than 20 minutes on any ride. This was lovely with a 7 & 9 yr old.Kids had a blast.Next time it's LA
We had fun visiting the Disneyland in Hongkong. It is best to take a MTR to visit the Disneyland.The day we visited, it rained heavily for 2 hrs, but as soon as the rains subsided, the Park became functional.The only disappointment was that the Parade was cancelled.However, the Fire Works weren't and they were Spectacular. You actually are flabbergasted by its grandeur.The park is small, so one day is really sufficient to be around.The main USP is the Disney Characters at Photo Stops and are in plenty.However, Mickey and Minnie are the busiest ..so plan your time accordingly.All in all a fund day..Plan visiting on a weekday to avoid the crowd.
Disneyland in general is just a wonderful way to take you back to your childhood and share the experience with your children. Disneyland is universal...Everybody knows what is no matter what age group. From the moment we stepped on to the Disneyland Train with its Mickey Mouse Ear Windows and hand hangers, we knew we were in for a fun day....It is amazingly clean, the exhibits and rides are just amazing and so colourful. Especially   ts a Small World  , even though I was a little disappointed how Australia was depicted with a totem that resembled a Polynesian Island emblem... Food in most of the restaurants at each themed location was Asian. Main Street offered an American style restaurant , in which we found the food very good and price satisfactory.. Costings on souvenirs and Disneyland memorabilia was I thought, cheaper than other ones in Europe. Overall a great day.
A lot of fun, a must to visit a disney land some place in the world. Very crowed, but that is Disney Land. Heaps too do and have a great time.
The Disneyland park was full of entertainment and attractions inside. You will be satisfied with the tickets you buy. You can take pictures with the cartoon characters and rides all you can.
It was a long day with the children but worth every bit of overtired crankiness to wait for the parade and fireworks display. There were queues for restaurants, but that was expected. Even the parents had a good time!
We stayed in Disneyland Hotel Kingdom Club room. A bit pricey but it's worth it. Our 2 years old son might not enjoy as much as my 2 nephew which is 6 n another one 7 years old. They had a ball. The Mickey Mouse came to the lounge and say good night to them n then they have someone doing colouring with them n storytelling time. We can view the Fire works from the balcony but not much coz there is a mountain blocking. The pool is beautiful n our son enjoy very much. He can walk in the pool or just play there or sit there coz the walk into pool is from very shallow to deep. So he can walk into pool till the water reaches his chest. Love it. The indoor pool Water is hotter than the outdoor pool. The washroom at the indoor pool have shower, change room, whirlpool, sauna etc. Really nice. We found out on the last day there. So we didn't spend enough time there. Will definitely stay there again. Going down to city is not hard coz MTR is easy. We went to ladies market too.
the disneyland hongkong is worth the trip! I booked my ticket through a travel agent and i only pay hkd445 per pax. otherwise the cost of ticket is hkd499 per pax. it is expensive but worth the money spent. my advize is to go on weekdays so we do not have to compete with the locals to queue.like other amusement park, food served at the park is overpriced, but delicious.
We had 3 kids with us and they all enjoyed it. They had been to the ones in the States, and they still liked it. The rides were good, and it was well decorated and maintained. The restaurants are good and kid friendly. We enjoyed our day. We would go again..
the main reason why i visited disney hk is because of mystic manor. definitely my favorite ride. unlike the disneyland in LA or Jp, you can view the enjoy the entire park in just one day, as long as you have a carefully planned itinerary and choose your rides well. best rides were: mystic manor, grizzly mountain cars, and space mountain. we thoroughly enjoyed the lion king show (brought tears to our eyes as we were reminded of our childhood lol ) the parade of lights made the whole experience so magical. :)
I had read that the park would disappoint those of us who visit regularly in Florida, but I was pleasantly surprised. Yes, it is smaller, but it is also much cheaper when it comes to admission. Moreover, on our June visit, we never waited more than ten minutes for any attraction
Since it is our first time to experience Disneyland, we were impressed by the theme park. The shows and parades are stunning, very entertaining. We even bought a 2 day ticket so that we can fully experience everything it has.
How amazing is it to be able to go to Disneyland in another country?! Yes, HK Disneyland is small, but it is not lacking in fun or that Disney magic. I love that there are some similarities to Disney at home (I've only been to Anaheim Disney), but there are some very unique attractions as well. Mystic Manor was amazing. I could've ridden it all day! Be realistic about the size of this Disneyland, as well as the fact that yes, you may encounter some rude tourists (we did). Shake it off and enjoy your visit to HK Disneyland!! I would love to go back someday with my children. Yes, I went without them. :)
It was a dream come true! My husband, my daughter and I had a great time over the 2 days we spent at Disneyland! This was our main reason to visit Hongkong in the first place! Fantastic rides, 3D movie, performances, lots of photo op moments... will recommend this to everyone. Make sure to have enough time as the queues are usually long. It takes 1 and a half days to cover all the attractions although it's a smaller park than the ones in The U.S.
We were on the way decided to go back to Mongkok for shopping but i saw many people were line up for the night parade. So we say good bye shoping and sitting in the front row. Day parade was great, however night parade was incredible fantastic beautiful. The music made our body dance hahaha really joyful moment :D I love disney character especially Buzz and woody.
It is Disney, so the attraction was great, however the line up is so stupid, in other countries it is already developed the tie ticket, so you need to line up in specific timeline, so you dont have to line up more than 15 minutes. In my case i have to line up for 2 hours for 20 minutes show, it was ridiculous.
Amazing feel...great rides and lovely atmosphere. This place will definitely awaken the child  inside you
I had compared disney land of hongkong to enchanted kingdom of philippines, and i should say i had more fun in enchanted kingdom.. i was quite diappointed on everything they got, i keep saying thats it?, but i think its also because it was raining the time we visited so some rodes are closed.. but the construction was great. its perfect for kids and not so much for adults..
More than what you think. Its simply amazing. Adds up to all expected outing. Sure must go.  Visited in june, bit rain. Do outdoor activities first.
Very good, number of rides, try as much as you can, some adventurous rides too. but they are very safe. try to reach there by 10 AM. first book your seat in the   Frozen World  This show is open only for 2 or 3 months. find out the availability. If it is len, first go to Guest centre and book your seat. Number of eating options too. get your copy of guide map and show schedule at the entrance gate. Spend 10 minutes and decide what you want to do. Make a plan and follow it for the whole day. It is connected to metro train too. Must see the night parade at 7.45 PM and Fire works show at 9 PM to 9.15 PM.
We visited the theme park sometime back in November 2014. As usual, the park is overly crowded with mainland Chinese tourists. It could have been a wonderful experience for us to re visit the park again after so many years if not for the incident with a Chinese lady who is around her early 50s. What happened was my children wanted to take the Cinderella Carousel and I was so glad I went with them. My son was trying to climb up onto one of the horses while I was holding my young daughter when this Chinese lady try going up from the other side of the horse (we were there first). Being an adult, her actions were swifter comparing to a child and her feet almost landed on my son's face. I quickly pull my son away and scolded that lady for being so uncivilised and she is old enough to be a grandmother and yet snatching from a young child. She did not say anything and she crossed over to another horse beside ours. She don't dare to look at us throughout the ride as I was staring at her lol...anyway, we enjoyed our visit to the theme park despite that incident. Looking forward to our next visit. ** An advice to visitors with young kids: parents please accompany your child children for all rides because there are just too many uncivilised people around. Safety comes first and you won't know what will happen next.
There was one good ride we did, the rest was kids stuff. Definitely don't go in the weekend, many people and long queues...
we were part of the IAAPA group (an attractions based trade group) and went to the evening opening party at Disney in Hong Kong   and it was great. We were met with a drink and a 'VIP' pass, and found 5 or 6 huge tables with food from all over the world including freshly baked Nan bread, duck and even a barbecued suckling pig. Quite incredible, extremely well organized and probably the best collection of food we've seen at one of these mega events! Excellent food, a huge choice, and lovely staff serving it resulting in a really nice experience.After having something to eat we went to see their new electric light parade which we really enjoyed. Having been involved in the development of the EuroDisney parade control system, and having heard the original Electric Light Parade there quite a few times as I'm sure you can imagine, it was really quite cool to hear that they embroidered some of the original music back into this presentation. The only thing that would have made it better is if we'd brought the grandkids ;)From there we went to see the Frozen attraction at the park for an impromptu (very quick) snow ball fight with a friend followed by an icy and fun slide down the snowy hill on a toboggan and the evening most certainly was a huge success.Thank you Hong Kong Disney team for a great evening out   it was appreciated by all!All in all   this was obviously not a 'standard' visit, but it clearly is a nice park along the lines what we're used to seeing at home in SoCal.
WE visited Disney land in Sept.'14 along with our 6 year old daughter. Felt we were transported to our childhood days. We booked the 2 day visit and stayed up at the Disneyland Hotel which completes the entire experience. One day is less to complete the entire place. The mickey mouse 4D show and the Disney parade is a must watch. Would love to go again.
It is true that this is a small Disney park but it is still a good Disney experience. Probably a little more geared towards younger kids than older kids, you are more than able to cover this park in 1 day.The Mystic Manor and Grizzly Gulch were our favourite rides in this park. The Disney themed train ride to the park from Sunny Bay station was a great start and finish to the day.
A must do with kids in HK.Best for small kids but enough to keep younger teenagers well occupied.Plenty of public transport options.Not as big as other Disney parks but everything is well done.The night time parade and fireworks are a great way to finish the day.
I went here with my husband years ago and now, I went to Disneyland with my daughter. It is surely will entertain both adult and children. There are so many Disney Cast Members who are ready to help you and give cute stickers to children. Food and beverages are scattered with quite expensive price as other theme park. You can bring bottle and fill it with drinking water that located near every restroom. You can rent stroller or wheelchair.I suggest to go on weekdays for less crowd. We went there on Friday and we plan ahead what would be our main target as for sure, we wouldn't have enough time to explore everything in a day. I really suggest you to spend sometime to learn about the theme park and make a rough plan on what you are really want to do (atraction, shows, parade, take picture with disney characters, etc). My daugther wanted to take picture with Elsa & Anna (Frozen) and Cinderella, so we completely ignored other characters until we got what we wanted. You have to queue to take a picture with them, and for Frozen characters, you need to get a pass (by showing your tickets) which already written on the pass at what time you should return for the photo session, don't miss it or you will need to queue for the pass and for the photo session again. I really love how Cinderella, Anna and Elsa had a nice conversation with my daughter during the photo session. So, it is not just snap a picture and go. They even hugged my daughter after the photo session and said goodbye. It is surely will be a great memories for my daughter.Some attractions offer fast track, you can ask the cast member for detail. We watch all show and my daughter's favourite is the 3D show Mickey's Philhar Magic. It was so real that some children were standing trying to grab the  flying things .Fireworks shows with musical at the end of the day (9pm) is also a must watch.
During a trip to Hong Kong it has become customary for the tourists to visit Disneyland at least once. And the same thing I did this time as I missed it last time around. It is very well connected through MTR, therefore no issue on being located away from the city centre. The rides are great though the one I took i.e. Space Mountain left me little dizzy after the ride. Overall one can have a enjoyable at the park.
A very hot Monday to visit Disneyland.   Enjoy the day there. The park is now matured and fully occupied the whole day.  Fireworks is worth staying back to watch.  MTR from town is smooth and fast. Good connection all the way to park.  Regards  Kenny
I wish Ive done this when I was a kid. But I think its still worth a try. I love the Grizzly Gulch and rode it 3x .
Had a post Birthday celebration in Hong Kong with family. Everything about Disneyland is fun, fun fun! The performances, the attractions, the rides are all great and brings joy to everyone not just for kids! If you are in Hong Kong, this should be the no.1 place to visit with kids and family. We had a very wonderful experience. Thank you mickey and the gang!
Hong kond disneyland is by far one of the best amusement parks and one of the best amongst the Disney parks. Much better than Euro Disney as it to some extent combines what Euro Disney refers to as Walt Disney Studios and Disneyland Park. The setting of the park is amazing and lush green and it actually feels like you're in a different world altogether!
We originally booked a trip (hotel   park tickets) to HKDL through the website, but had to cancel due to a family emergency two weeks before the trip. I would like to commend the park for being so understanding and giving me a full refund of everything I've booked. We look forward to visit the resort again in the near future!
Waay cheaper than in the U.S. and just as much fun if not more. TIP: you can definitely get through the whole park in a day (including braking for meals) so I really don't see the point in getting 2 day tickets unless you plan to do a half day at a time.
My experience here was one truly memorable. It was my first disneyland experience and it was one I'd never forget. Disney has all the rides for all ages. high speed rollercoasters, merry go round, etc. So people of all ages will enjoy the place. TIPS:1. Bring lots of water. Or a water jug. Disneyland prices are quite pricey.2. Bring money. Just in case you wanna buy souvenirs or just in case you get hungry or thirsty.3. Buy discounted meal coupons. saves you money and time at lining up. 4. Buy for Discounted entrance tickets. (we got ours at golden crown guest house)5. Bring an extra shirt.6. Bring your powerbanks. You need all the battery to last till the night.7. Although food from outside is not generally allowed, but we managed to bring a sandwich for our lunch. it saves lots of money! Meals in Disneyland costs above 90HKD.Watch:1. Fantasy Parade  3pm2. Disney Light the Night  7.45pm3. Fireworks   9pmEnjoy your time and bring out the kid inside you! make the magic happen :)
Absolutely fabulous. Huge, full of variety, plenty of attraction for all age groups. Well designed, lush green park is one of the best in the world. Many shows are world class.
My second visit did not meet my expectation and differ from my first visit. I was here last Dec and expected for their superb Christmas deco and parade. But, it was a bit dissapointed as it was just like a so so days. The new three 'world' are good , and i expects more from Disney for my future visit.
Excellent place. Full day filled with family fun. The shows were superb, kids enjoyed them a lot. the best part of the visit was Night Parade. It was just awesome.
Disney Paint the Night Parade is a must for you to enjoy as it involves various kinds of light effects and eye catching design of each units, especially for the Cars unit, they have excellent 3 D effects with perfect match with the background music, which is really entertained to guests. Overall, the facilities of HKDL is much much MUCH better than Ocean Park, as DL has more kinds of facilities to fulfil every guests' interest, while in OP, they have concentrated most of their game on enhancing excitement, that is meaningless.
Truly enjoyable holiday if you have kids in the age group 5 onwards. Rides, shows are marvellous... every age has something exciting to experience. Souvenir shopping is very expensive but very beautiful and Disney customised.
Me and a friend visited this week. It was easy to get to using the underground network and only took about 10 mins to get a ticket and in to the park once we had arrived. The cues were absolutely minimal, I think our longest cue all day was about 10 mins for space mountain.There are plenty of rides, shops and activities to keep people of all ages entertained for the day.
Total hype ...... Ocean park is much better than DL . I mean if you are visiting just for the name sake .... No use . My kids didn't enjoyed rides . Shops are too expensive . Universal studios of Singapore is 100 times better . Actually DL is more of for small kids .
The place was huge and the rides, shows and attractions were really awesome. However, the food and drinks were expensive (at least HK$ 92 for chicken with rice fries good for one person; HK$26 for a can of coke or bottled water). In Mongkok, a bigger sized bottled water cost only HK$10, while a can of coke cost only HK$7). My kids, aged 11 and 5, had a blast though and that is all that really matters. You just can't put a price to their happiness. Don't forget to check out the Toy Story Land, Lilo and Stitch Interactive show and the Magic something (3D) show. Also, bring a cap or an umbrella and be sure to apply sunscreen before you go.
We visited hongkong disneyland in Aug 2013 and that was the first disney experience for my kid. We had superb time enjoying all the rides. It is very well maintained and very high on safety. They have around 7 parks. We tried to finish as much as we could, but to enjoy it to fullest 2 days are must. WE enjoyed grizzly gulch, tommorow land, toy story land the most. Jungle river cruise in adventure land was also fun. Hongkong disneyland is far better than paris disneyland.
Visited Disney Land Resort Hong Kong on our last day before departure to Singapore. The Resort is beautifully designed and took care of every detail a child and a parent would consider. The highlights of the resort are the Main Street USA, The Jungle River Cruise, The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh & Space Mountain. The best time to visit the resort is after 17:00 when the crowd is lesser, which allows you and your family to ride more games in short timings and thus avoiding the long ques. Also you could see the Characters Parade at night crowned by the wonderful musical fireworks show! which is not to be missed!
We really did love it, but omg the humidity killed us and the kids! It's not their fault as we went in June (don't EVER do that!) so I can't blame anyone but ourselves for this one. The facilities are everything you expect. Hire some strollers as you come into the park   which is super easy to get there via the MKR (about 15 minutes by MKR from Centre of Hong Kong) even if your kids are 7 years old, you will be thankful to have somewhere for them to rest and something to hold all the stuff you will buy. Disney land is the only place even adults can run around with silly things on their heads etc and it's socially acceptable, so knock yourself out. Toilets are super clean   food is expensive as you would expect it to be, so don't complain about it and just enjoy the day for what it is, a life long dream come true.....We would do it again, but in a cooler time of year. Enjoy.
Watching parades is the highlight of all my visits in Disneyland. And Hong Kong's Paint the Night LED parade beat them all! It's the best parade of Disney I have ever witnessed, or you can say the best parade yet I have seen! The parade starts at 7:45 p.m. but people would start positioning themselves on the parade route as early as 7:00 pm. We stationed ourselves along Main Street U.S.A. as the parade stops there for a few minutes and have stationary performances. (Tip, stay just right outside of the doorsteps of the stores, as you can feel the cool air coming out of the establishments during summer months, as it can be really hot even during evenings.)One parade you shouldn't miss when you visit H.K. Disney.Another great new attraction is the Mystic Manor. The ride is more than 5 mins and they have spectacular visuals!During our visit, they are constructing a new attraction Iron Man which will open in 2016! Can't wait to go back!
We recently took our children (8 & 6) to HK Disneyland. We found the park was perfect for them. As it the smaller of the Disneylands we were able to go on all the rides and revisit the ones we liked with a 2 day pass. The first day we were there 11   6pm and the second day 1   8.30pm. This was enough for my kids walking in the heat. Their favourite thing was the Disney 3D movie in Fantasyland. We saw the movie 3 times. The lines for the rides were not too long and it wasn't too crowded at the parades.The only disappointment was that my daughter wanted a photo with Anna and Elsa. I didn't realise that you need to get a ticket for this until late on the first day. As we didn't go to Disneyland until 1pm on the second day all the tickets were gone for the day. Given that these characters are so popular I don't know why they don't have more cast members playing them as they do the other characters.We stayed at the Disney Hollywood Hotel which was great.
Whether you a kid, teen or young adult, it brings you back memories and its amazing!! It has very nice shows and also rides. No doubt a must come in Hong Kong
Absolutely amazing fun for kids and adults both. Could easily spend the day. Easily accessible by MTR. Be careful of really really long lines for the rides.
Disneyland, what a magical place to be. Everyone enjoyed, from the adults to the children but most importantly the teenagers. Having their photo taken with Mickey, Winnie the Pooh was brilliant
Nice place to take kids to get the disney experience. Space mountain is just real fun and must see. Other than that there is more retail options (shops). There are specal theme events for which you need to get those passes earlier. They do not take excpetions; so for your kids better to check out those options. Vegetarian food is available only in one of the locations; should have more veg options (suggestion).The other good thing is proximity to metro station.
This is a good place for all ages. From young to old, you can experience a worl of fairytale. There was a lot of rides and price is reasonable. 499HKD for adults. there are night parades, pictorials with different characters and the most awaited Pyromusical show for closing ceremonies. All inclusive to the amount you pay.
Hong Kong Disneyland may not be as big as it US counterpart, but it can still keep a child happy and occupied the whole day. My family (incl my 5 year old daughter) had a splendid time. We waited in line for 45min to take pictures with Mickey and Minnie and it was scorching hot. I recommend to bring bottled water to keep the child dehydrated, especially during summer with long queues.
Finally managed to visit HK Disneyland on May 29. Whole day spent at the park. My recommendation is to visit on weekday so that the line up was not long.
What a wonderful playground,,there is so much to do and see,, every year I go there is another part opened up,,you could spend days here going from one area to another and enjoying the fun to have in each area, there is plenty of places to have lunch or dinner,,or just a snack,, the parade is fun to watch,,some of the rides might be a bit to much for those with bad backs or necks as they are a bit jerky,,but the show to go and sit down and watch are fun on their own,, I have visited each fun part everytime I go over to HK,, and plenty of great things to buy,,I loved the mugs,,each year there is a new design,,,I now have about 6 7 mugs,,
If you don't have the budget (or a VISA) to visit the bigger Disney themed parks and resorts, then Hong Kong Disneyland is the place for you.An old realiable for kids and kids at heart. This place will always allow you to feel the Disney magic.Rest your aching feet and try to wait for the 9PM fireworks display or visit on a weekday so you'll have most of the park to yourself.
Everyone compares Hong Kong Disneyland with other Disneylands and calls it small, miniature even. But I like how my Dad puts it, 'compact'. We've been to the Paris Disneyland and in comparison this one definitely dwarfs in size. The walk from Bus station to the park gate in Paris is probably longer than the span of this one. Having said that, they have managed to fit most of the popular rides in Hong Kong Disneyland. And you can't complain about the overall experience in general.Speaking of experience, it starts right with the MTR ride. Waiting at the Sunny Bay MTR stop, one is amazed to see coaches rolling in windows shaped like Mickey mouse. Inside you can find lots of Disney stuff and information so one is in the right spirits even before reaching the park. The park is a small walk away from the MTR stop. I always look at Disneyland from the eyes of my son who is just amazed to find himself amongst Woody, Goofy and Nemo. So after a quick photo op with Buzz Lightyear we started with our rides. All usual rides like Space Mountain and RC Racer were great and thrilling as always. We particularly loved a roller coaster ride called Grizzly tram ride in Mystery land. Enough to do it thrice, which was possible because queues were never too long for any attraction. The park is divided into zones named Toy Story Land, Fantasy Land etc. and the rides include classics like Cup & Saucer in addition to some new ones. They were building an Iron Man ride too, to be unveiled in 2016.Food as always was overpriced. We forgot to carry something with us to eat and a hot Hong Kong day meant lots were spent on food and water inside the park. I guess one has to accept this and not let it come in the way of great Disney experience. Overall, a perfect day spent with smiles all around.
Something you cannot afford to miss in Hong Kong. Worth visit and amazing rides. Good for both adults and kids. But food is a lil problem for indians.
Visited Disneyland a couple of months ago while traveling with my fianc  e. The place is small, true, but it's not bad at all. I felt like it was a small version of Disneyland back in California. I really enjoyed the fact that even though it's disney, there is a blend with the Chinese culture (like Mickey wearing a traditional Chinese suit) which made it even more interesting. We've been to Disney Tokyo and also had a similar feeling over there. The best part was booking our tickets with Klook.com. We bought our tickets on their website and didn't have to wait in line at Disney's entrance. We simply showed our e ticket on our mobile at the door and they let us right in. Definitely a must visit in Hong Kong!
I went there with friends and I'm glad I did! It was so fun. It brought me back childhood memories from my favorite movies and characters. It's much smaller than the Disney parks in the USA, but you can definitely have a full day of fun activities. There are plenty of exciting rides for both kids and adults. They have the old manor, the dolls house (it's a small world), the cups from Alice in Wonderland, the castle, etc. Plus, you get the chance to take pictures and get stickers from many movie characters. The parade started around 9PM and it didn't disappoint. One thing different from the parks in the USA is that there's no alcohol.Great place for a weekend with family and or friends!
Disneyland is very good place for fun but they should keep English speaking guides. a tourist enter there but very difficult to understand where to go and what to do first . i had only one day time so what ever we could do alone with out guidance we did. no proper food stalls no choice for vegetarian people.place is too good but lot of mismanagement and very expensive , i will advice my tourist friends i you are going with young children must carry some food.
Love this place. My kids enjoying their time so much. All the ride suitable for kids. But the food quite expensive.
The happiest place in HongKong! Must visit for all ages. Disney parade and Fireworks Display were awesome. It's a whole new different world for kids, teens, parents and the young at hearts. Most fun family bonding ever!
Ok so it's Disneyland. What more do you want to know?If you've been to California Disney   think a more compact version, but still with quite a range to keep you entertained.We visited mid week and although it was a very warm day there was enough shade and cool places so we didn't find the heat a real problem.Quiet when we arrived shortly after opening and it became busy by lunchtime but certainly nowhere near crazy packed. This made most rides only a short wait ( 20 min) and so managed to repeat many rides and get around everywhere in a day. I think one day at this park would be plenty in most circumstances.Come early if there are specific rides you want to do more than once. Autopia queues get very long early, move slowly, and have a lot of families.If you're a thrill ride junkie you're probably going to be disappointed   this is not Universal. But if you're expecting the Disney experience, then it's a great day.Quite a few restaurants were closed (off peak?) so we found the eating choices a bit ordinary and in fact was part of our decision to leave early before the fireworks.The metro connections are easy although it will still take a while to get there. The last metro ride is purely Disney and it helps to put you in the mood as it's themed.I thought the ticket price was good value given all the included rides and live entertainment.
Easy go Disneyland by catch the MTR by Disneyland resort station (interchagne at Sunny bay station). Don't miss a Fireworks showing at the night.
Made on the lines of Disneyland Anneham USA we had a fun filled day .There were plenty of rides providing enough thrills.Indian food is available though with a limited menu both veg & non veg.It was a day well spent.Senior citizens above 65 years are eligible for substantial concessional entry fees.
been here June 2015 with my 2 kids for 2 days. we have last visited 2013 without mystic point. we really had a lot of fun with the rides, characters, parade,fireworks, and the night parade.we also had a great time exploring the food and taking picture with the Frozen characters ( take note you have to get ticket in advance to have picture with them.
Catching the MTR from Tsim Sha Tsui to Disney Land is very simple. Take the train to Lantau Island. Follow the correct color coding at the train station to get there. Disney World itself is fun and enjoyable. The entrance fee is a bit pricey, but it is a great day out. Plenty of attractions, especially for Children.
We were here last May 2013. Be here early and get your map. Decide on which rides you'd like to try and which shows you'd like to watch so that you'll be able to maximize your stay here. Be sure to be at the premises of the main castle before the the fireworks start so that you'll have the best view. If you can afford to pay for a fast pass ticket, the better, so that you won't waste time waiting in line.Stroller rental is pricey so bring your own stroller for your kids and toddlers.
Its like my childhood dream come true!!!!Everything is amazing and fantastic!All staff is very nice and they really kept their character for those dressed like a cartoon.I really enjoy the firework show in the evening. it is the highlight!!!However the souvenir and food are quite expensive but i understand for copyright.
We went on December, so it was very cold. The queue was very bad since everyone's going there for new year eve. However, HongKong Disneyland has better fireworks shows compared to the DIsneyland Tokyo.
I was here on the raining day. So bad. Almost everywhere in here are closed. I understanding that's not a problem from the place, but when it rain, the Disneyland is nothing.
This is a miniature version of Disneyland, by far the smallest of the bunch. The nice thing is that you can enjoy all the rides in one day. The castle is a little disappointing as the top part is billboard rather than a real building. There are still the expected great parades and fireworks.
This is actually my first time to experience a theme park like Disney at my age (laughing right now). I may not have the privilege before but when the opportunity presents itself then i have to grab it. Overall, it was a great and very fun experience for me. The only problem i had is that its very hot during our visit. The rest of the resort was very neat and fun to explore. The rides were so great for even at someone child at heart. The food was also great and there's this parade of stars and a fireworks show at the end of the day.
Wonderful experience... We made sure not to miss a bit of it... The shows are amazing... Dnt even try to miss them... U cn chose the rides as per us liking.... but.... Pull out time for the shows at Disneyland... They r a treat to eyes and ears..and I truly lived my childhood watching them.... Being an Indian...... The firework didn't amuse me much... May b I m used to it on Diwali n weddings... Lol... But definitely a day very well spent with family.... Piece of advice.... Plz carry some cookies or snacks... Food is a lil expensive inside!
Wonderful world of Disney. This is really a place where Dreams come true. Must visit for families and people who grew up on Disney stories and know characters.
Our family (Mum, Dad, Nana and three children, 8 yrs, 6 yrs and 3yrs) spent two days at Disneyland and enjoyed every minute!!Our girls were so excited to meet all the characters, especially Mickey, Minnie and the princesses!The park is small enough that the walking won't tire small children and it is easy to get around. Our eldest two could go on all the rides and they had the time of thier lives!!The shows were great, especially the Lion King spectacular. The only downer was that the show The golden mickeys was in Chinese. Understandable though as we were in China! Everything else was in English and all the staff spoke fluent English. The parade during the day was fun and even allowed to children to be involved and dance with the characters. And the night parade was absolutely beautiful! Our girls were so impressed! The fireworks followed the night parade and were the perfect end to a magical day. This was our first time to Disneyland and we feel it was a wonderful introduction for a family with young children to the magical world of Disney
Took our daughter who was six at the time and she was really disappointed. Huge queues for everything, including loos which are not near the attractions. If you can get to another Disney skip thus one.
Great park, well it has to be as it has Disney stamped all over it. Lots of rides for the younger kids as well as the older ones, plenty places to eat, and it will always be busy. So plan for the whole day and stay till the end for the fireworks
I went to Hong Kong disneyland with my family for one day. If you are visiting disneyland for the first time you will definitely enjoy it. However, if you have visited Disneyland in Orlando you will not enjoy it much as this place is very small as compared to other Disneyland's (I have visited Disneyland in Orlando and Paris). This place is not close to city and it takes around 30 40 min by taxi to travel there and you can also take train to disneyland. I would recommend to purchase tickets online to avoid long queues. Do not miss the Lion king show..... it is spectacular. There are many souvenir stores at disneyland but if you don't want to buy here then there is a disney store at Hong kong airport.
Plenty apparently but let's focus on what's to like and dislike. The place is good for families with young kids because there are attractions for all ages. What's not to like? More sheltered areas because the place is extremely hot during summer, there's no shelter from the public transport interchange to the main park entrance, the food quality has deteriorated drastically since the last I was there 3 years ago, the queues for a lot of popular attractions was long and the attitudes of certain visitors who simply disregarded the queues.
I came several times and used to enjoy it more, the rides and shows are still great but it's truly getting too over crowded and staff are less and less friendly in a supposed to be a happy place.
Hong Kong Disneyland may not be as good as the other Disneyland Parks but it has a decent amount of exclusive rides. Mystic Manor especially is truly amazing. I do have a lot of complaints for it. I think the distance to the entrance is a little bit far. It also rains a lot which sucks. Also there are not too many great rides. Still Hong Kong Disneyland is fun.
Be prepared its a mini version of Disney land and can be a bit of a let down. It is crowded but the children there were ecstatic. So if you are in HK and have kids..... Do Go
We took our two granddaughters during November the Christmas season had begun it was brilliant the girls were fascinated.
We had a great time at Disneyland HK earlier this week. You need one full day to truly enjoy the rides and the shows. Queue time was between 5 minutes to 20 minutes. The queing areas are sheltered. Food is expensive.
So looking forward to this, but what a let down. We were going to buy a 2 day pass and so glad we didn't. There is very little to do. Each (land) has only one maybe two rides, most of the show times clash and the food, drink and souvenir prices are way over the top. I always expect to pay a bit more in a theme park but this was just blatant gouging. I can think of better ways to blow $500 hkd and waste a day.
What do you expect? It is Disneyland. It is small compare to its north America counterpart. Quiet crowded I would say. Especially when you come in some Chinese public holiday like may first or the national day. Usually a long queue for rides unless you choose ur visit day wisely. Weekdays are better and go early or better late must package tour leave before 1600. I go there because I have a kid of 32 months and my wife like Disney character. It is not bad a place to relax and have a little bit of fun when it is not crowded. But why read the review? You will go anyway if you have planned to go. You won't go if Disney is not your cup of tea. My point is you got what you ask for. But not much more.
Hong Kong Disneyland is definitely smaller than the North American ones that I've been to, but it still delivers! Because it's so small, it's easy to navigate and you can probably go on most rides in one day (depending on how busy it is). It has an afternoon parade as well as an evening one. The last time we went was last Friday, after work, with the two kids. We got there in time for the evening parade (7:45pm), then went on a few rides (it closes at 9pm on a Friday). The fireworks display was scheduled for 9pm but we left before then since the kids were tired. We also went on a weekday in mid May and there were no line ups in the morning! Imagine no line ups at Winnie The Pooh, Dumbo and Slinky Dog!!! But by 11:15am, the line up for Autopia was already predicted to be 45 minutes. My advice is get there early enough on a weekday (not a holiday or summer vacation) and line ups will be bearable.The food isn't great. But you're not there for the food. If you have time, go for an afternoon tea buffet with the Disney characters at the hotel. The kids also enjoy that meal!If you're a tourist, take the MTR! They have a cute little Disney MTR train that transports you from Sunny Bay to the wonderful land of Disney. The kids love it! And it's quite fast and convenient  it only takes around 20 to 30 minutes from Hong Kong station. If you're staying in HK and you plan to go several times, get a pass. We upgraded to a Silver pass (adults) and a Gold pass for the child. It's a deal if you go 3 or more times in a year. Parking is free (for a Gold pass holder), and you get a 10% discount for food  purchases.
I had an amazing time. If you look online before you go it will tell you the park is the smallest, so don't compare to the US. I recommande 2 day trip, it is enough to see the whole park. Attractions are mostly for kids but adults can find some rides fun too. Characters that you will meet are incredible. Only desapointment is the afternoon parade and the evening parade, which were both cancelled after 3 seconds of rain and they only advise you 2 mins before the parade is supposed to start. For the rest I really enjoy myself and I relive my childhood for 3. Yeah I did go back again a third day to see the all the parades, they were worth the extra day. Also, just a heads up, employees are not fully bilingue, so you might have to repeat yourself a few times or to talk to a few people before you can get an answer. They need to practice more their english. If you want to meet Anna and Elsa, these princesses are a lot in demands, so you need to book your tickets to see them and get pictures with them at the opening of the park, there's only limited tickets available.
My Kid is 4  yrs and DisneyLand is the reason we chose to go to Hong Kong! Amazing experience and a fun filled although hectic full day activity. Dont miss the Disney parade, the one in the evening and the fireworks! If you are travelling from City and not staying in the Resort hotels, arrange your return taxi! Kids as well as adults get too tired!
HK Disneyland is a compact, easy to navigate park, with some new and exciting attractions and rides. Have been twice in 5 years and really enjoy the smaller than average size of the 2 parks with clean and interesting rides in a good location that is very easy to access by train. It does have most of the usual Disney Park attractions plus Mystice Manor which replaces Haunted Mansion and is very unique and lots of fun.
I've been there twice, so I can give two different weather descriptions:Around New Year's (We were there New Year's eve)   around 16 degrees, and very windy. Definitely bring a jacket.Around the second week of November   slightly above room temperature (mid 20s Celsius), so summer clothes are fine.The first time we were there was on New Year's eve, 2008. The only thrill ride was Space mountain. Since this was a holiday, the lines were very long.In contrast, the second time I was there, it was a weekday   there were barely any people. We didn't have to line up very long for any of the rides, even Space Mountain. Loved the new areas, like Toy Story land, Grizzly Gulch and the Mystic Manor. One of my favorite rides was the RC Car ride in Toy Story land. We loved it so much we rode it twice! It helped that there was no line. Another ride was under construction for 2016   based on the Ironman movies, so that's something to look forward to, :DWe bought our tickets ahead of time, so we didn't have to line up for them when we got there. We got a map from the stand and plotted our route. You can start in one area and work your way around the park. We were there before opening, and we were able to ride all of the rides we wanted by 6. Make sure to watch the Lion King show! I saw it twice and it was still made me misty eyed. We also saw a Stitch encounter, and while it was targeted more to kids, it was still fun. The It's a Small World ride is also a favorite   try to see if you can catch the song sung in your language!The food is expensive, but you can expect that from any theme park. Around 7:30, make sure you're already in front of the Sleeping Beauty castle. The fireworks start at 9, but going early makes sure you've got a good viewing spot. We were one of the first ones to sit down on the ground, but the wait was worth it, trust me. The first time I went there, we didn't go until almost 9, and had to see the fireworks behind the huge speaker systems. If you have time, you don't have to rush to be the first ones out. We had the sculptures all to ourselves and we were able to take some great photos.Lastly, definitely bring a camera, and wear comfy shoes! Lots of walking ahead.
This is what I like to call Disneyland in Hong Kong. The smallest in the world and only good for kids and not for young adults and above. You want to have a good time, most beautiful landscape around this area. You will be amazed there are so many things you can do for free without paying and going inside the park. I go with family for picnics, enjoy the hotel laze around the lobby and use their facilities for free and have a Mickey signature ice cream which will make your day and then head for Inspiration Lake. Children can hire a bike or a boat to ride around the lake, there is a 7 11 there serving snacks and drinks so you can travel light and enjoy many things for free. The park itself is useless, too many mainlanders spoilt the entire area and the wait is too longgggggg.....
My 6 year old had a time of his life here.If your the kind who likes to take it slow without rushing then you need to keep aside a full day for this one. More so because there is no express pass here so which means you will have to stand in every line which can get quite tedious for the little one. The best thing was the 3D show Interactive Stitch Autopia Slinky Dog ride etc... Everything runs with clockwork precision and safety standards are really high.Prams are available for a small fee and if not for anything else its a great idea atleast to hold your bags in it : ) Entirely a fun filled adventure.
Really what a day it was. Everything inside Disneyland is magical. Rides, shows, events, disney characters. But above all the attraction was the Disney Parade which starts in afternoon which gave me and my wife goosebumps. What a crowd... Shouting ..... Crying .... Laughter Everywhere,.....Our Heroes dancing to the old tunes of Walt disney.Although we were tired by the end of the day. But we waited for the Magical light and sound show above the Castle. And it was worth the wait. Overall the day was magical. Can say one of the best days of our life.
Great for younger kids (8 and under) but for the older ones who want action rides better going somewhere else. Theme parks on the Gold Coast Australia are better in my opinion .
Kids and seniors liked it. If travelling with seniors, you can rent a wheelchair in the firehouse. Travelling with a companion on wheelchair have its ups and down. The down side is you are pushing the wheelchair as you go your way around the park, the up side is that you are given priority in lines.They keep on adding areas to this park, the last time we are here, the toy storyland just opened. Now they added 2 additional areas. In 2016, the iron man rides will be opened, another reason to visit again.Parade are scheduled at 3pm, 7 pm and fireworks at 9pm. 30 minutes before these time, better plant yourselves in strategic areas to have the best view.
I know the ones who already visited US Disneyland will find it small but for my daughter it was like a fairytale, she loved everything and entire day she was in full energy. We took the train from Oympic station since it was near to our hotel, then we changed the train at Sunny bay station for Disneyland. Train was very cute with mickey theme. We reached there by 11.30 and entire day was fun. My daughter bought Anna dress, it was bit costly but she ready wanted did not spoiled the fun. All the rides are kids friendly so there was no age limit. We ate food at  Tahitian  restaurant where we find good and reasonable Indian plate. It was very good that we ate lunch and dinner both at this place. Since we visited on weekday, it was not much crowded and only 5 10mins waiting time. Its a fun and not to miss if in Hong kong. There are some very nice shows which are worth waiting in queue. I think one day is enough to cover everything in Hong Kong disneyland if not too much rush.
Disney to me is always Disney, I loved!  It's small but it's charming and comfortable, few rides and theaters, toy story part is super cool and everything else is super nice, it's a must to go in HK.  Next time coming with my son!!!
This is the second time we have been here, the first was 2011 and after four years, the place has never lost its magic.In that span of time, they have added three more attractions which are Grizzly Gulch, Mystic Point and Toy Story Land making it all the more worth to visit this place not once but twice. Highly recommended for your ticket s to be upgraded to a two day pass.Having to experience the new attractions, here are my top 3 MUST try:1. Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars (located in Grizzly Gulch)2. Mystic Manor (located in Mystic Point)3. RC Racer (located in Toy Story Land)For those travelling with kids, these are my top 3 MUS Try:1. Animation Academy (located in Main Street USA)2. Buzz Lightyear Astro Busters (located in Tomorrowland)3. Jungle River CruiseJust take note though that Animation Academy is in Cantonese, think it will be better if they have other time slots for the show to be in English.And of course.. stay until closing for the Disney in the Stars fireworks display and relive the kid in you! This show is so magical and spectacular, I won't judge you if you shed a tear or two.. I know I did.A tip on how we usually go about our two day adventure here at Disneyland: First day will be all rides day. As much as possible try all the rides, see all the shows and minimize photo taking. And yes, second day is photo taking and shopping day and of course if you still have ample time, go for the rides and shows again.
Simply Excellent.....!!!!!!!!!!!!! very nice experience... t is a full day of experiencing the creative genius of Walt Disney while marveling at the power of incredible marketing. An experience which is an education in itself
A trip to the Disneyland at Hong Kong is a MUST.One of the 3 existing around the Globe, it is a full day of experiencing the creative genius of Walt Disney while marveling at the power of incredible marketing. An experience which is an education in itself. And dont forget to click pictures with your favourite Disney characters.We owe it to the child in us !!
I have had the opportunity to visit the Hong Kong Disney land several times, and It never seems to loose it's magic and fun atmosphere.It is clean, organized and easy to access.I recommend the best months to visit are : November till April as the weather is spectacular! as for the other months well, if you can bare the heat and humidity then it is okay!All in all, it is truly a place to visit at least once in a life time!
had a great day, there was plenty to see and do, and to be honest one day is plenty the parade and the fireworks were great and we managed to go on all the rides and see the shows. The Lion King show was amazing and so was the Mickey cinema showfood is not too pricey either
For those who have visited the 'real' Disneyland in the USA there could be some serious disappointment if expecting the same here in Hong Kong. This facility is much smaller & tamer with a strong focus on the quieter family type of entertainment. Entrance charges were steep at HK$500 per adult but for us seniors only HK$100. We went midweek & had pretty much done everything in about 3 4hrs.
This is my first Disney Experience but have heard of Disney Magic time and again. Creativity to the core, this place does Magic to all our senses. Theater shows, Frantic rides, Parades, Fireworks everything is done so well to perfection you cant stop getting AMAZEEEED! Kids will enjoy every bit of it and Every one is sure to find the child in themselves after visiting Disney. While this can be true of any Disney Land, Disney @HK is esp maintained so well and they have well appointed team in all places to take care of the guests well. The must try rides at this place are 'Space Mountain', 'Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars' ,    it   s a small world   , 'Mystic Manor'. And you have some wonderful shows like 'Stitch Encounter', 'Golden Mickey Show' , 'Festival of the Lion King'. Overall A BIG Fun Day instore for any one planning to visit. Quick Tip  For now the   of rides and spaces in this place can be comfortably completed in a day's time some travelers booked for 2 days and felt it was not worth the cost.
When we went there, our favorite activity was the  Disney Paint the Night.  There were so many colorful and dancing lights. I like it better than the day parade.Rides are not so extreme. We tried the space mountain it was dark and really fast. And they provide baggage counters in each rides. Park is clean and well maintained, there are trash bins everywhere.When you go there make sure to get brochures, maps provided in the park entrance. Then plan out where you want to go. 1 day is not enough to experience everything.
The layout is the same as original Disneyland (Anaheim) so if you are familiar with that you generally know where to go but it seems like it's a bit more spacious. Some of the rides are identical like Space Mountain and It's a Small World.It doesn't have a Matterhorn, a monorail. or a Pirates of the Caribbean. Train wasn't running because of the rain. Overall there are a lot fewer rides.My favourite was the Mystic Manor ride. Apparently the whole ghost thing doesn't go over well in a Chinese culture so they have this whole new story instead of the Haunted House. The ride is trackless which is pretty cool. There are some parts that feel exactly like the haunted mansion   just different content. Some fun special effects.HKD also has a Toy Story section. It was closed due to rain when we first went by but opened up later. There was a hot wheels ride   really fun. And a slinky and parachuting soldiers. The area was really cool. Gigantic tinker toys. The rides were like a traditional amusement park but within the amazing environment. There was a Big Thunder Mountain like ride but called something different. It wasn't exactly the same   just similar.I am glad I went but I love Disneyland so it's easy to please me.
We visited Hong Kong Disneyland in the hot humid season and the heat was so intense, but there is plenty of cooling with fans etc in the waiting areas for rides. The kids absolutely loved the park, more so than Ocean Park, and it was much better suited to younger kids (including our 9 year old who had a broken arm and was limited with suitable activities. It's very easy to get around and everything is easily available, especially toilets and water stations. We ate at the river View Cafe in adventure land and the food was fantastic, hands down the best Sweet and Sour Pork ever. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Disneyland to anyone and everyone. We had 7 people in our group ranging from 3 to 60 years in age and everyone loved despite the heat.
We had taken a 2 days pass and traveling from HK we had booked a room for one night at Disneys Hollywood Hotel. The Park is divided into various sections which have outdoor as well as indoor rides. There are shows at specific times. And above all 2 parades. One at 3 pm and the other at 7 pm. Both are not to be missed. And to end the day is the firecracker show at 9 pm. Make sure to purchase the ticket from China Travel Services at a discounted rate. The entire experience and interaction with the characters makes you fall in love with them.
this was our third Disneyland adventure ( having LOVED Anaheim and Paris already) and this truly lived up to expectations...yes, it's on a small scale and yes, the weather is a little unpredictable but Hong Kong really does do Disney proud. Little or no queuing, wonderful cast members and all the Disney favourites   plus a few new experiences, what more can you ask for???? Highlights have to be the Lion King show (footnote, other Disney parks   add it to your roster, it's truly truly wonderful and in Anaheim it would complement the live Aladdin show so well) and Grizzly Gulch   prepare yourself for a surprise !!! Compact enough to enjoy in a (rather hectic) day but wonderful, by any one's expectation
Space mountain is not very impressive...same applies fotr the rest of the attraction.Paris is much more big and impressive for a similar price...some attractions were closed today.Our luck was that there was not many people today, so we could do some of the attraction two or three time in a row.The gold mine thing was fun.Food was average and expensive as usual in this kind of park.
I went there with my elementary school brother and had a wonderful day. If you go with young kids, then this is a better alternative than Ocean Park. All the attractions are very close to each other and really suited for kids. The queues weren't long at all (I heard other Disneylands can take more than one hour for a ride). The most we had was 15 minutes, so there was enough time to enjoy most of the attractions from morning afternoon until dusk. Got the chance to watch the night scene which was beautiful when all the lights were lit. We had to leave early afterwards, therefore missed the night events. Foods are no problem. Most sections have one or two restaurants should you need to have a meal. They also serve Halal foods in two or three restaurants, which is nice to have if you are Muslim. I ate in one of the restaurants with East South East Asian cuisine. Spent around 130 HKD for a full set Korean meal   satay, which were more than enough for me and my brother.All in all, I recommend this place for all families with young kids. They will have a great time.
We were scheduled to spend only one day in Disneyland, but we came back the very next day because my daughter wanted to explore more. You cant practically cover it in one day. Its overwhelming !The parade is fantastic, the fireworks too !! There is so much to see. It's a bit expensive to shop, but even more to purchase picture ! But its worth it. Its worth paying for every picture which shows a smiling child with twinkling eyes looking at the wonders of Disneyland.We met Elsa & Anna   frankly the only reason we even went all the way to Disneyland for !! For my five year old, it was a dream come true. She interacted with them for a good 10 minutes got pictures clicked and wouldn't leave Elsa's hand in any of the pictures :) She even told Elsa,   Anna secretly has a boyfriend call Hans  :) The pooh ride   we did it 4 times, the mystic manor was fun, the small world was unexpectedly very entertaining, the Toyland   caught my little one's fancy (slinky dog) , pixie hollow , Tomorrowland ( i tricked my kid to take a roller coaster ride   i am still receiving punches...ouch) so many more rides cant remember them all .Inspite of heavy rains on both the days, we thoroughly enjoyed our viist to Disneyland. It was worth it meeting Mickey, Minnie, Pooh, Goofy, Pluto, Elsa, Anna ....When it was raining heavily I left my daughter under a shed and ran across to fetch her stroller from the parking, a park staff came running with an umbrella to help me while another rushed to my daughter to ask if she was okay or had lost her way. He walked her to the stroller parking under his umbrella.And receiving those stickers from the Disneyland staff, was my daughters priced collection throughout the trip. These small but very thoughtful gestures won our heart !The Cotton candy tubs, the caramel pop corn. chocolates ice creams and the soda's really made Disneyland a must must must must visit when your child turns FIVE !!!!!Its the best vacation you can give a five year old ! We will re visit soon :)
Spent a full day at Hong Kong Disneyland,was loads of fun and enjoyable. One day is definitely  not enough. there are halaal restaurants
We were short of time and couldn't enjoy it thoroughly. The place is great as usual but my grouse is that at some places they had Mandarin and we had to leave those attractions since no English translation was available. People should be told that special passes are given early in the morning and hence we couldn't take part in many places since we arrived late in the afternoon. Again the choice of food is biased towards the Non Vegetarian and those who are vegeterians are left high and dry. They need to address these issues to make it more customer friendly. Not much of shade around the walkways.
There is a only a few very exciting ride, many around 5. The rest are for children to have fun. Kids will love the park. Previously I was told water is not permitted but when we enter, water is allowed. They have water cooler everywhere. Fast pass is provided for a few rides where u can come back on the specific time to join immediately without waiting. Food is very expensive though, but no choice since no outside food allowed.
It was one of the excellent Theme Park which i have seen in my life. Must visit once. Must visit once in life time. Awesome trip and no regrets.
Whilst we was in China we went to Disneyland Hong Kong and it was amazing for our children. It isn't the biggest disney park but our children are only young and they loved it. The live lion king show is a must and so is the 4D show. Plus we stayed for the late precession show and fireworks which was great at night. Great day out.
Great time i spent with my grand daughter Anika who is 4 years old.I have been in Paris and Los Angles Disneylands. They are huge .H K. Disney land is very small but interesting. The shows are fabulous and something one should not miss. River show of dalls birds and animals was very good. Fantasy and adventurelands must see with childern.Honey the pooh, cup ,horse, and elephantrides were great.My grand daughter had great fun.
Even tho the weather was on the wet side me and my family had a very good day at Disneyland. The staff are very helpfully and friendly. The food was good and we got to spend time with the Disney characters photos etc.Highly recommended if you have young children, can easily be done in 1 day.
We bought two days disneyland ticket from one of the cts counter at airport where it was sold on some discount. The first day we reached near afternoon and my children got crazy the moment we entered disneyland. We started from Tomorrowland. The shows were best specially Mickey's Philhar Magic. We went next after three days interval as it was two day ticket to be consumed in a period of seven days. You cannot cover whole of it in a day. You can't take any food or drinks with you and have to purchase them from inside only where it is very costly. We purchased few bottles of water for $25 each as it was very hot but later on got to know that drinking water was available outside washrooms for free. Parade & Fireworks were the best part of it. My toddlers enjoyed so I was happy too.....
Not Cheap to get in but this is the only time we are going to see Disneyland.... Adults $100 aus each and kid's $70 aus each .....Waited in line 1.5 hours see meet mickey and minnie and later we meet them and others in the garden area and waited 5mins for each one ....All up it was a good day...
they say it's a happy place. and yes it is. but you cannot miss the excitement without riding space mountain! it's a must ride game. and dont forget to take pictures with mickey and minnie.
I visited Disneyland on 21st of May with my wife and two kids. This was my 4th visit to an adventure park after Genting Highlands in Malaysia, Universal Studios Singapore and Ferrari world Abu Dhabhi so comparisons are natural. Of the 4 my personal favourite is Universal Singapore but Disneyland is also a close 2nd. Disneyland has fewer rides for adventure seekers but a lot for kids looking for fairytale and magical world. Of the rides Mystic Manor is nice and different ride. The other rides which are specially recommended for adventure seekers are Space mountain and Grizzly one. Highlight was the night parade of Disney characters. It's a beautiful spectacle and comes right at the fag end to refresh you after a tiring day. Disney is a good experience to have specially if you have kids in the age band of 5 15..
Disneyland is usually really busy with extremely long lines! Not here! You can ride practically every ride with about a 5 minute wait or less! And it's usually less! Dim sum is great at the Plaza Inn and also no lines or wait! Great time here!!
I wasn't expecting a huge theme park where I could run around and jump on thrill rides but I did expect plenty of Disney themed rides along with characters running around the theme park and that was fulfilled. Rides are slightly smaller than usual as expected but definitely keep the kids happy and that's all I could ever ask for. If your seeking a little more thrills in HK just head over to Ocean Park.Easy to get to thanks to the MTRRemember it's a kids theme park... Wish adults would stop knocking it when the kids are the real winners and the real target audience!
Disneyland was conveniently located with the help of the MTR. Although a little far to walk over for families, it was a good after lunch workout for the youngsters.We visited Disneyland on a Wednesday and arrived there at approximately 3pm which was just in time for us to watch the parade. We took some photos of the parade and was quite surprised that guests was able to join into the parade and take photo up close with the Disney characters.When we moved on to go for the rides, we felt the park was rather boring as the 2 best rides, Winnie the Pooh Adventures were family themed and Space Mountain had no drops. However we just went on, explored and took photos as the theming of the park was really good. Much to our surprise, we were really thrilled when we reached Toy Story Land as we never expected an exciting ride after going through half of the park with family themed rides. All in all, it is a good experience for a first visit with Toy Story Land and the Night parade out highlight. With Stark Expo coming up, there might be more for people to look forward to!
Our visit in Disneyland was perfect!There were not that many tourists so the lines at the attractions didn't take long.The park was huge, but you can see all the attractions in a day if you don't go during peak season.The rides are family friends and none are too extreme.I loved this park and will definitely visit again. :)
Very nice place. Full day needed for the visit. 11 AM to 9.30 PM. Kids will not let you go back, infact even we didn't want to go back. Be prepared to walk long distances. Night show of fireworks is just awesome. The parade in the evening is too good. Worth the wait after hectic day. Food is reasonable. Too good. Don't miss if you are in Hong Kong. Better than Ocean Park.
We were a little disappointed with Hong Kong Disneyland. We have been to others around the world but this is the one we did not really enjoy. It is obviously set up for young people but very little for older big kids like us. It is relatively new and we did notice that there were more attractions being built but on this day not a lot that attracted us. The train trip there was easy so no problem there.
We stayed for 2 nights to celebrate my daughter's birthday and we enjoyed every bit of our stay here. It's expensive but you got what you paid for. Nothing short of expectations.
Last time i visited the park is on December 2014, it was my 3rd times and still having a great holiday there.I bought the ticket in advance, so i don't need to take a long queue when i get there.Hong Kong Disneyland is easy to reach by MTR. I can easily read the MTR Map (even when its my first time) or just ask MTR's staff on duty.As usual Disneyland are always extremely fun. I can feel the atmosphere from the last MTR i take to reach the park. They designed the MTR's interior with Disney's stuff.The park was crowded, but every long queue on every attractions were worth the wait.99% of the staff are very nice and helpful.Disneyland have a very good parade in the afternoon. And another great parade with lights at night (it's a seasonal event i think).Since it was winter, at night they have a fake snow falling (part of the seasonal event). They use  Frozen  OST as the background music and it's beautiful so you will want the park to never close. After that, i think that's the end of the event, time to go home, but i was wrong.For closing event, they have a beautiful fireworks. So gorgeous, so majestic. It's so Disneyland!One full day wouldn't enough. I might need at least two days to finish all of their attractions, to shop, and to enjoy all of their events. Maybe you want to book their Hotel for a night so you can enjoy the park fully. I will book mine the next time i come back.Everything was excellent. All of the money i spent with my family for this park is totally worth it! Disney always make me like it was my first time. They always have different surprise on every different season. Very creative.Yes this park is smaller than the other Disneyland, but it's still worth. Trust me, you wouldn't regret.Last thing, be prepared when you decide to go back after the very end of the event or when the park announce that they are closing. Because there will be a lot (i mean it, A LOT OF) people crammed into the MTR.
Disneyland is always a nice place to spend time with your family.  A place to meet other people enjoying their holiday.  Good place to relax and experience the wonderful world of adventure.  The place is well organized!  Highly recommended To everyone regardless of age.
Its a very fun and exciting experience in this place. although entrance fees are a little bit expensive and as well as foods and drinks, children would surely love this place. Very accessible via HK MTR.
I went to Hong Kong Disneyland which was my first Disney Land experience in life every and it made for a fun time. You can enjoy the park in one day and there wasn't a long line for most of the ride as we arrived around opening time. Children and adults will have a blast as they evoke childhood memories. The park is accessible by MTR (Sunny Bay Station).
This place is good and you can play all in 1 day ( depend on queue too). The staff is very helpful and nice. My shoes was broken and staff help me to fix it. You can go there by MRT to Sunny bay then change to disneyland resort line. Check the weather before go there cause if it raining some ride will close. Wish to go back again.
 Unbelievable sights, indescribable feeling.....  That's my Disney in the Stars Fireworks experience! I stood in awe wowing while the music, lights, and fireworks are at play! Even until now as I watch the vid I had taken, it still gives me the chills!!!!! The fireworks display made me realize that wishes can really be granted and dreams do come true! At the right time, we can have what our heart desires! By the middle of the show, I almost wept tears of joy! What I felt was beyond words! I was just like smiling the whooole time! I couldn't believe I was there, I couldn't believe that my childhood fantasies were already unfolding right on my face! It was just so surreal but it was actually happening right before my very eyes and oh so real!!!
I had traveleed to hong kong disneyland in december 2014 with my family and we really enjoyed there and staying in disney hotel
simply love this place as even adults will enjoy themselves. Of course being a themepark, everything is overly priced but that is nothing much you can do about it.. Staffs are all so friendly and my son loves chasing after Mickey and his friends for photo taking.. A must visit place especially parents with children!
I have never been to another Disneyland so I can't compare, but I like it here. I think the ride is milder than rides of Universal Studio in Singapore, so the kids will enjoy it more. I don't remember having to queue for any attractions very long, as we came early to beat the crowd. The fireworks at night is fantastic, it's actually what I enjoyed the most. Bring your umbrella for both sunny or rainy days as a hat alone won't be able to cover your arms and legs under hot sun.
This Disneyland is a miniature version of the Disney parks found state side. This is also reflected in the price of admission which is notably cheaper than admission to other Disney parks. Contrary to other experiences mentioned, I went on a weekday morning and there were barely any crowds. I managed to do all the main attractions, walk the entire park and get photos with Mickey, Goofy and Winnie and left by 12:30pm. Came back in the evening to see the fireworks which were completely underwhelming. Not sure what happened to the HK Disneyland castle; they had replaced the top with a painted plywood box which distracted from the entire experience. Would not recommend bothering with the journey back for the fireworks if you leave earlier in the day. The park is easily accessible by MTR, about 45 minutes from the city.
Both times that I have been to this park it has been EMPTY. Which is something that I say meaning all rides were walk on. I have worked at Disney World in Orlando for years and the crowds at this park to me where nothing. My first trip was on a weekday, and the second was on a weekend during Chinese New Year. I liked the simplicity of the park most rides were familiar and prices were about the same as you would pay in the states. You can get traditional Disney favorites like Mickey Waffles. I also enjoyed their day parade reminded me a lot of the old Block Party at Hollywood Studios, with the stopping not a continuous parade. However not as much high flying acrobats. They also do a light parade at night and traditional fireworks. There are a lot of the traditional rides, but a few that are unique to the HK park, don't miss their version of Haunted Mansion called Mystery Manor a completely different story. They have a nice adaptation of FOLK as well. Overall not my favorite Disney Park but I go back each time I am in Hong Kong. Also it is very cheap for a ticket about 400HKD or about 50$. Also you can finish the park in about half a day.
Good show but you need to have a well plan before.  Not enough time to queue up for taking photo with different characters.
only problem is lining up for all the rides  it takes a long time so with small children it can be a little taxing however the parade is great and the photo opportunities present excellent memories
Amazing place to suspend reality and drift back to a time when magic really existed...! We love this place so much we bought the annual magic pass for us and our 2 and a half year old (not quite sure who loves going the most truth be told!) and have enjoyed a visit every month since   sometime revisiting favourites and sometimes going on new ones. Always a big hit with our little one... jumping and clapping with delight ensues when we whisper the question 'Disney tomorrow...?' : ) Oh and the Paint the Night Parade is NOT TO BE MISSED! Even if it means keeping your tot up a little late, it's worth it   but make sure you bag your place along the route early (strategically position pram and bags) to make sure you get a front row 'seat' on the curb ; )
There was no Disney experience from the astaff at Hong Kong Disneyland. The food at Plaza Inn was disgusting and the service was none existent.The staff all around the complex had sour faces and no time for patrons.Save your money and visit the NGONG PING much friendlier people.
Quite expensive for what you get.  It seems to be always crowded, and there is always a line up for the attractions and rides.  The staff are well trained and friendly, and there is a good variety of food available.
There are many attractions and it was not too crowded; try to avoid public holidYs in the mainland China, as many mainlanders come to visit during holidays, then it gets very crowded. Stay for the night show and fireworks. Looking at my grand daughters eyes from the start of the visit till the end, they reflected the great enjoyment they experienced.
This park is OK for children but it is too small to be interesting to their long suffering parents.  Long lines, limited attractions and really nothing special.  Save up money and go to Orlando.
Had a 2 day pass, saw half on the park on 1st day and other half on 2nd day, excellent fireworks every night
Great, a bit of disney in hk...we went January 2014! My daughter 4 loved it, what's not to love, she met Cinderella, Belle And Rapunzel all in one day. It was a long day but we carried he out exhausted after the fireworks! she loved the train there too! Can't compare to any other Disneylands but it was enough for us and we will go again!Great baby changing and buggy facilities !
A wonderful fairy tale world where adults can relive their childhood fantasies and children begin to believe in fairy tales. The theater shows and rides are also fantastic n suitable for all age groups.The staff is very helpful and the management of queues is remarkable. The hospitality you receive is unforgettable. Cuisines of all types are available, even pure veg food restaurant is there. You can get your pics clicked and printed from there but the cameraman is ever ready to click your pic from your own camera too.But general things are costlier inside than outside, like even a bottle of water is thrice coslier than outside. No outside food is allowed but light snacks which is packed, baby food and water bottles are allowed. It is advisble to carry hats and umberellas as unless the weather is cloudy, it heats up in sun as it is a big open space. It is usually crowded so it is hardly possible to cover the entire disneyland in one day visit, two day visit passes are available which is economical too.
Firstly Disney is a brand so expect a similar experience if you have visited other Disney parks. Currently there is some refurbishment at the castle and Main Street, so if you are anal about details in having the castle complete, avoid the park until the refurbishment is complete. The rides are more thrilling than other kingdom parks especially those in Toy Story. The parades are excellent and shows activities are offered in different languages to appeal to the locals. Selfie sticks are a real nuisance so watch out as you will likely be poked at some stage during the day. Food caters for a wide range of tastes and like all theme parks will be expensive. Great Tip. Go early to avoid queues. You should be able to do all the major rides by mid afternoon then revisit your favorites and enjoy the attention to detail in all the attractions until the evening parade and fireworks show. Ocean Park vs Disneyland   if I had time to do only one, I'd pick Disney.
We visited Disneyland with our 12 year old son. He enjoyed a lot, but not much to see. Very few rides and it's just a fun filled outing. It's not worth to stay inside Disneyland, as one day is more than enough to look around. It is just a mini Disneyland. Don't miss the parade which starts around 7.30 pm, it's really amazing to watch all Disney characters walk around. Overall it would be fun for kids going for the first time.
It was expectedly smaller compared to its European and American counterparts, but it is still worth visiting. My 5 year old son had a great time running around the park, taking his photos taken with his favorite Disney characters, and lining up for the rides. A well designed park with such friendly staff, I think it's worth the day trip especially for first time travellers. The train ride from Sunny Bay is very pleasant and quick. We booked our tickets online, which was a good decision because we didn't have to fall in line at the ticket booth. We just had to go to the automated ticket dispensing machines by the gates. :)Food is expectedly pricier than usual, but it's Disneyland guys. :) Better bring a bottle of water with you if you wouldn't save up for food instead. There are available buggys and strollers for kids, and lockers for those who are coming here straight from the airport. Souvenirs don't come cheap, but if you're really interested in buying some and ran out of pocket money at Disneyland, no worries because these are also available for the same price at HK International Airport. Although someone who's been to one or two other Disney parks would probably compare the other parks, I believe it's still a magical place for the children and Disney lovers who, as Peter Pan said, refuse to grow up. :)
I think this place is famous because of the brand but not really the place. I think this place is a bit outdated during my time of visit. Need refurbishment in riding and the whole area. The journey from downtown to disneyland takes around 1 hour. I came a little bit late but i end up exit a few hours after that.
Had the best day.  Loved the rides, shopping.  Didnt have to queue for any rides.  The parade was nice and colourful and comes up quite close to the crowd.  Food was nice.  I had the Mickey Mouse Pancakes....yummmmm
Very few rides and hardly any rides, which could provide thrill to adults. Nowhere near the Disneyland of Paris or Orlando. Good for just small kids.
Try spending 2 days at least and plan with weather inputs, as most rides may be stopped with unexpected showers
Anyone who visits Disneyland would feel young for sure. The place is not small nor not too big. However, there are not many shelters for us to hide when it rains. I was caught in the rain (Tarzan's tree) and had to catch the boat back and it was so tough to get a shelter. The weather in Hong Kong is unpredictable. It rains, shine, rains, shine and continues. Anyway, the rain managed to stop before the Fireworks show. phew! I enjoyed the Fireworks show very much as the music and the fireworks makes the place very magical.
I guess we reached quite late compared to the planned time, since we slept kinda late the previous night, meh. By reviewing the day now, i realized it is quite canny of HK Disneyland as they located most of the mascot photo taking near the entrance. Alot of us who just entered actually waited an hour to take photo with Mickey and Minnie! As more come by, it is just ridiculous coz as a tourist, anything that appear in your way, the phone camera will never rest. If you wish to take more pictures compared to taking the rides, Disneyland is meant for you. If rides   pictures, then i would recommend Ocean Park. I don't mean Disneyland has nothing for adults, but it has much lesser compared to OP (haven't been there, all due to researches and other reviewers). Thus do take some heart into dressing up when you choose to visit Disneyland! ^^
A must visit place in Hong Kong.  Easy to reach with the Disneyland Resort line.  Most rides can be done by all members of the family, as always a great Disney experience
As this is the third Disneyland I have visited it doesn't rate as high as the other two. All the lands are there with great rides for the children and adults alike. Disappointing was that much of the park was closed due to extensive renovations but still enough to do for 4to 5 hours. The iconic characters are all there and children can get their photos taken with them in a wonderful garden set aside for this purpose. The Grand Parade was a spectacle and lived up to the hype it generates. Go mid week as the crowds are small and easy access to rides, no line up. Great for kids
Came here with two friends, all three of us in our 20s, who had never been to Disneyland. We all grew up watching Disney cartoons movies (didn't we all? ;) and this was definitely a dream come true for us.We visited two days ago and arrived around 12 p.m. at the park. It was a very hot day and there were crowds of people. We knew we had less than 8 hours to fully enjoy the park and may not be able to cover all of it but decided just to make the best of it.The whole park was full of excited kids and adults alike. Most rides had lines of people, but we waited mostly around 10 to 15 minutes only for our turn. We did not managed to get to enjoy all the attractions though. This was due to some bad planning on our part. Do get a copy of the park times guide and plan your time before moving around the park. The shows and parades had fixed times and only had 4 shows per day. Some attractions, such as the Raft to Tarzan's treehouse closes early at 6 p.m. Some parts of the castle also closes early for the preparation of the fireworks.We definitely enjoyed our time there, especially the RC Racer, Grizzly Gulch mine cars and Space Mountain. These three rides appealed most to us as there were fast and thrilling compared to the other rides. The Mystic Manor and Mickey's PhilharMagic Orchestra are two attractions not to be missed as well. Food is available all around the park. We tried a few from the kiosks at Main Street, Toy Story Land and Adventureland. We had our lunch at the Clopin's Festival of Food. Prices range around 30 HKD to 150 HKD. Some tasted good but some are not really worth the price in terms of portion and taste. It was fun to interact with the characters and get a chance to have your photograph taken with them. Mickey, Minnie, Goofy, Winnie the Pooh and Pluto could be found at the Fantasy Gardens when we were there. We've seen Cinderella, Chip and Dale walking around as well, but did not manage to get a picture. The cast members were also all helpful and friendly. Only one thing that irks us the most during this visit. There were some rude guests who tried to cut in line. Mind you, the line was rather short, and they still tried to cut in front of us. Don't bother to shout or even reprimand them. They either do not understand English or pretended to not hear you. Our solution for these guests were simple. We formed our own 'Great Wall' where we stood in line shoulder to shoulder to each other and close the gap between the guard rails. Problem solved.
This was the perfect Disney park to take our 2 year old grandson.  Very easy to reach via train.  This perfect is perfect for both old and young. We visited around the Christmas holiday and the park was very festive.
As HK Disney has been well reviewed by others I thought I'd offer some hints and tips to those of you who just can't Let It Go:1. The characters are around the park at various times for photo opportunities. One exception is Anna and Elsa from Frozen. They appear only once and you must have a ticket (they're free). Tickets are issued as soon as the park opens until they run out. I estimate they gave out only 100 tickets or so. Check the website and park map for details but ticket distribution is just behind the big castle. Also, you need to show your park entry ticket to get an Anna & Elsa ticket. If you have three children wanting to meet Elsa and Anna you must show all three park entry tickets.2. There is a best dressed competition each day. The best dressed Elsa and Anna's with the chance to walk in the parade, or beside it. I'm not totally sure as we missed it. Check the park map and daily schedule of activities for where judging takes place.
The price is little bit overprice, the park is still on development progress. I love toy story land and tomorrowland. The fireworks is romantic.
Hi, my girlfriend and I (both 26, Male and Female, London  Staines UK) are travelling over two weeks through Hong Kong and China. We visited Disneyland just because we had the opportunity to, living in the UK, nearest one is Paris. It was all you expected except smaller than those in the us but still just as impressive. Growing up with toy story it was great to see toy story land. Only true negative was the castle. It had the bottom wall but the rest of it was a canvas print.... Maybe a little less magical for the kids.
great place to spend a whole day long with family. especially for the kids. access to the park is also very easy. you can use any kind of public transportation to here.
I visited Disneyland twice in 2014 and then 2015. It is a wonderful place for children as well as adults. People put really good effort to keep the place interesting. However, the pace of development is very slow and things are not done even after one year, i.e. whatever was under construction last year was still the same. Performances were changed to make them more interesting. However, tickets are a bit pricey if you plan to go there for one day. In my opinion, if you like to experience everything then it will take at least two full days to see and enjoy it to the fullest.
We were rather skeptical whether this was for adults although many friends had said it is a must do in Hong Kong. I must say we are converts and firmly believe it is a must go irrespective of age specially if you have grown up with these Disney characters. We took the MTR to Sunny Bay and then got on the free Disney Resort Line Rail that takes you to the attraction. We visited on a weekday yet there was quite a crowd on the train and near the ticket booths by 11.15AM. So I suggest it is a good idea to be there by 10.30AM itself when it opens. Best to get grab a map of the location with times for various shows & parades so you don't miss them. The Lion King Show was simply amazing and I almost danced and sang to it! Both parades were nice and if you plan to stay till late do stay for the fireworks at 9pm as well. Fantasy Land is probably the most attractive for small kids. It is best to cover Fantasy Land, Adventure Land & Mystic Point & grizzly Gluch earlier in the day as some attraction close by 6.00pm and Fantasy land also certain attractions were said to close earlier in preparation for the fireworks display. Toy Story land & Tomorrow Land on the other hand the rides are open till about 7.30 8.30pm. It's a Small World ride was really nice and the attention to detail was breath taking. Since I am not a thrill seeker I did not do the more daring rides but there are about 3 such rides available for the daring few.The queues for shows tend to start 30min early so best to get there by then and if you wish to take photographs of the parades and fireworks best to consider a vantage point and be there early. This is a full day visit and considering it is a weekday however, weekends probably are much more busier. They also do not allow you to take any food in so be prepared to spend a bit more on food.
This was our main destination in Hong Kong and it has certainly delivered the value. Kids love it and the prices are quite reasonable compared to other Disneyland anywhere around the world.
I bought the ticket to Disneyland at 7  11 store a night before as was anticipating a big line at the ticket window.Sadly there was no instructions at the enterance on how to reddem the online booking..so waited in line for about half an hour only to be told that such tickets can be redeemed only at the Help counter....any way waited for about 15 minutes at help counter before being issued the Tickets.The magic ticket generator does not work in case of 7 11 store purchased ticket...so don't waste your time purchasing at 7 11 store as geetiing the tickets will take you approximately same time at help counter.Anyways after the initial hiccups everything went smoothly...had bought two day tickets so had ample time to explore all lands.To all visitors would certainly recommend the two day ticket if you have more time.The staff at disneyland was quiet courteous(As per H.K. standards and knew quiet some english as well).The rides are all good ,safe and comfortable.The staff takes extra care to see that one is accommodated with family as far as possible without any unknown stranger close to you.The shows are all good.. for me the toy story land was the best....the show showing all continents while riding on a slow boat was so refreshing...it reminded me of my childhood.Also don't forget to see the parade at 3 Pm starting from sleeping Beauty castle and going around mainstreet USa.A delight to watch.If possible also see the Fireworks at 9 Pm...timings need to be confirmed...Overall an enjoyable stay except the initial hiccup.
My 8yo son & I, together with my parents visited early May. My son was very excited to see Toy Story Land & play on a few rides. It was a big day out but well worth it. I would recommend it to all kids :)
Me and my husband had been here on 7th May. At first we were not sure if we would visit here as we thought this place for kids but reviews helped a lot and our experience here turned out really great. We enjoyed a lot here. We did visit here during weekday so it was perfect no much crowd. Waiting time was much much lesser as compared to weekends. So we did enjoy all rides, some ride were wonderful and for adults as well. Shows were OK for us but I am sure kids would definately enjoy this shows. There are specific timings to meet disney characters.You would need 1 complete day and if you are with kids maybe 2days required. You can carry water but outside food is not allowed in here. Halal certified Muslim food and vegetarian food available and as expected expensive. Best part is evening parade at 1930 and fireworks infront of castle at 2100. Make sure you donot miss this both events if you are visiting here.We would definately recommend to visit this place..!!!
Hong Kong Disneyland did not disappoint at anytime! It was as amazing as the parks in the US and with the same high level of customer service and fun!the shows were great! The rides were great! And there were plenty of photo opportunities around the park. As a Disney fan, I loved every minute of it and was very happy I visited.
We visited on a Saturday (only day we could go) with our thrill seeking 9 & 7 year old plus a more quiet 6 yr old. It suited the 6 yr old perfectly but not enough thrill rides for the older kids,Typical Disney prices for everything and by lunchtime a wave of local visitors made lines over an hour wait time so get there very early. We also could not buy anything in the stores by the time we left at 3 3:30pm due to the stores being so overcrowded   it was really unbelievable!!No food allergies are catered for so pack your own food and the only espresso coffee is from an automated machine and was sadly thrown to the bin after paying.Around 12pm we headed to the Grand Hall area for lunch but not a seat anywhere and people standing next to tables as others ate   we found a park bench in the sun to eat some packed snacks and overpriced fries chips.I would recommend a mid week visit, arrive before opening and watch out for the pushy other visitors. Go to your favourite ride first and expect a wait for very short ride times.Kids will enjoy regardless. Suggest Ocean Park for thrill seekers.
It is really magical, mystical, fun, and exciting!If you're going to Hong Kong, this a place you don't wanna miss.The place is so big, that we spent our whole day there. We are having a hard time communicating with other places in Hong Kong but at Disneyland it is easy. They might have trained all there staff to speak well in English language, and good approach to all the visitors.All the rides, parades, fireworks, and shows are the best. They will give you a map that serves as your guide. The place is very clean as well. The only thing I don't like here, the souvenirs are so expensive. But still we bought some :)
For all the Disney Princess lovers this place is your dream destination. Good rides. The best part are the parades and the various shows, you can miss the rides but make it a point not to miss the parade and the shows. Go well planed for the show's
$499 hkd per one adult admission, and on a super busy saturday and on a day full of rain. Only one restaurant catered to us Vegetarians and it wasn't easy to find. Many attractions were out of service for renovation and there was not enough sitting   resting areas meaning you have to stand constantly; very tiring. The few benches we found were placed in the sun   Rain area with no coverings. Considering the millions this place takes in, you'd think they could provide covered seating. Won't be back.
Well you can reach there by bus or MTR and then forget about the rest of the day. But the guidebook at the entrance and then get lost in the various sections like Fantasyland, Adventureland, Tomorrow land etc. Not only the kids but even adults can enjoy the huge variety of rides and activities. Some of the rides have long waiting times and hence going early is better. Huge variety of food is available and there is a separate kiosk selling vegetarian food as well. A truly happy place.
passing time with shopping will mini it as 6pm mostly park ride close9pm firework was a long waitwith the addition of night parade at 730 pm time flyall ride in park was fun for me May is not really good month as it raining every dayyou will see 5 min of rain then 5 in of sun so onbut night fall will be strong rain beware of it
Luckily it was not a very crowded day despite being labour day public holiday in HK. However some rides still requires queuing time of around 1 hour. The free fast past is very helpful and would be great if it is available to more rides.There is only about 3 trilling rides for adults and hence insufficient. The air conditioned toilets were heavenly in the hot and humid HK weather.Transport to and fro is very convenient with the MTR and price is reasonable.
There's so much to see in Hong Kong Disneyland. So much to do. Have never been to the other Disneyland theme parks, so this one was an unforgettable experience. Apart from the rides and attractions, there are many other activities here. Food stalls  restaurants and toilets are very well spread across. The merchandise shops are many too but the items are a tad too expensive! There's a parade featuring all the Disney characters at around 3:30 pm, something that's very hard to miss. One of the must do attractions in Hong Kong.
The park is much smaller than the other Disney parks, but the cast members are great and the park is well laid out and organized. I enjoyed my visit. If you have a chance walk over to the hotel. The view from the lobby is great. Favorite ride? Hands down Mystic Point. I won't spoil it for you, you should go on it.
This is a fun day out for all who like disney at its best,so much to see and do and i did enjoy the experiences of this park,so many wonderful rides to choose from and shows to see.
I only attended this venue to purchase some Disney Merchandise for my Grand Daughter.My admission price was $16 AU as I am over 65 years of age, yet the normal adult entrance is about $67AU.You have to enter the theme park to purchase merchandise as there are no outlets outside the Park.If I had to pay full price I would not have continued.The park is very small and I think it would be disappointing for both parents and theirchildren.Save a little longer and go to Los Angeles or Orlando Disneylands as Hong Kong is no comparison.I would not recommend it.
The smallest Disneyland on the world but possibly the most amazing. Mystic Manor is more than you expected, you will visit the gallery in group of four. Four cars would explore the showroom out of sequence. And four of us might see different collections. You can never estimate what you gonna see.More importantly, the most attractives is the firework under Aladdin's theme song. You will never forget that night in the fairy world.
Amazing place for adults & kids.  We visited on a Sunday so it was crowded.  It brings back lovely childhood memories.  My son (8 yrs) thoroughly enjoyed.  We spent the entire day there....beautiful...The evening Parade was spectacular.
As seniors I would not go for the whole day again, in fact I would not go at all again. This park is beautifully manicured, clean, gardens are fantastic. Staff do their best to be upbeat & friendly, but in the humidity,heat & crowds some staff just run out of the   I care attitude . Indian people attending are just rude with their pushing,having to be first demeanour in lines. We arrived by taxi ,5 of us from Canton Rd,Kowloon. $170HKD. The family loved the rides, we loved the shows, you have to be on the ball to ensure you arrive on time for the meet & greet with the characters , as they will only stay a while, then do a changeover as the heat would be too much in the character suits they wear.
the most amazing experience of my life.  i loved the disney land the most.  A must visit once in lifetime especially if you have kids along.  time was neer sufficient.  there is a indian restaurant also inside.
You can browse around the many shops there. Then you can enjoy yourself with all the fun and thrill rides which caters to all and sundry. A variety of food but on the high end. There are also shows to entertain the less adventurous. As night comes, a parade is held and then the highlight of the day is the spectacular fireworks display. Enjoyed the whole day there
We have visited every single Disney Park in the world. We live in Orlando and visit the Walt Disney World parks often. We honeymooned in California to visit Disneyland. We went to Paris in 2013. This year we decided to visit both Tokyo parks and end at Hong Kong Disneyland. Boy did we save the best for last. Paint the Night parade was amazing. I'm not usually a big fan of parades. Festival of Fantasy in Orlando is decent, however Paint the Night is truly awesome. Worth seeing, even if you're not big into parades like me. The rides were so unique. Small World was better than any version I'd seen. Their  Haunted Mansion  is a completely different ride called Mystic Manor. So much better. While this park is small, everything they do have is so unique, fun, and worth every penny of the admission price. Lines were short while we were there too; the longest wait was 20 minutes for RC Racer Coaster. Food was fantastic, especially the afternoon tea set in Adventureland. I will be back again, and can't wait!
Too expensive, we wouldn't paid if we have to pay to get in but we know people who worked there in order to get free entry. Overall is good with kids but there were so many people and things weren't particularly great. There were a few things that wow us...but overall it was a good experience but definitely did not worth that much.
I love Disney, so was always keen to visit Hong Kong Disney. We have visited LA Disney previously and knew it was going to be smaller and different. But i don't think you can compare them completely, it's like comparing oranges and Lemons they come from the same family but are different... and really would you want them to be all exactly the same. We went as three grown adults and had a great time, even the one that wasn't a big fan enjoyed himself. It is the one place where it is ok to be a kid again to ride the carousel, the tea cups, Dumbo etc that you might not normally do!We were warned not to go on the weekend if we could due to the extra crowds so chose to go on at Thursday and a Tuesday. The crowds weren't too bad, the most we waited in line was about 20 minutes... however you could see that on extremely busy days that wait would be much longer. As others have mentioned people to tend to try and push in and run to be at the front, but we found this at every attraction in Hong Kong not just Disneyland.We took two days to enjoy the attractions which allowed us to see all the shows and do the majority of the rides. If you were only interested in the shows, parades and maybe one or two rides you could squeeze it into a day but it would be rushed depending on how busy the park is on the day.There are allot of shops to visit all varying that slight little bit so you need to visit them all. While there seems to be allot to potentially buy I was slightly disappointed with the lack of items for Disney Princess, Seven dwarfs, Lion King and Star wars but I guess that was because I was particularly looking for them for family and it would be difficult to produce items for every Disney movie. Saying that I still managed to spend alot prices are about average for Disney Store and Parks.As others have said the castle and part of the main street are being renovated are covered with board pictures of the building which is a little disappointing, however looks much better than lots of scaffolding and a construction site. So while it is disappointing I think it was a good effort to still create the Disney magic.The parades are a must to see as was the Lion King Show and the Golden Mickeys. The Space Mountain ride was a little disappointing compared to the LA version which was much darker and space like, but still an enjoyable ride. The fireworks are average and I think that is mostly because of the renovations to the castle, they haven't allowed for the higher boards so would probably be much better when the renovations are complete.As a Disney fan I had two great Magical Days and would recommend it to all Disney fans!
There are many factors to consider when you travel with a 3 yo kid. First of all the rides and secondly focus on show, special Disney characters where the little kid and parents can rest during showtime.Here is my review on Hong Kong Disneyland:   Attraction Highlight: For a young princess, I would focus 2 areas Main street (Disney parade at 3pm & Night Parade at 7:30pm) & Fantasyland (Golden Mickey show is a must, Character photo session with Mickey, Minnie, Donald, Frozen special appearance, many rides at fantasy that suitable for 3 yo), then Adventureland (Lion King show) and Tomorrowland (Stitch encounter & Autopia ride) if time permitted.Attraction Tip for a day: Focus on the showtimes and rides is between the show. We put Golden Mickey first at 12:30am then lunch and Lion King show at 2:00pm follow by 3pm parade at Main Street. Try to schedule the ride surrounding the showtimes as the show is a must to see at Disneyland. We couldn   t try all the rides as the park is huge.
This is one place which connects you to your childhood.Its the one magical place that you wish you had visited when you were still young to appreciate it better.But age has its compensations too,you can explore without getting too tired!It has something for everyone,rides,food and parades and heaps of expensive knickknacks.Its small enough to experience in half a day actually. The steamer ride on the Adventure Island river is great as well as the roller coaster ride on the Bear Gulch.It is crowded and with long queues though.So be prepared to wait a bit on most rides,They do have quite accurate waiting times listed.
If Walt Disney created a legacy through his creations, the Disneyland is the timeless heir of that legacy which will continue to carry on and build on that legacy. Absolutely superb with good balance of thriller and kiddy rides, 3d shows, awesome parade and wonderful fireworks show.
We absolutely loved it. We got there early morning and stayed till 7pm. The queues weren't bad at all  the longest we queued was 25min. Its a lovely good sized park with lots of rides and attractions. Im surprised people are complaining about it here. Food and drinks were reasonably priced. The only downside was that that you don't get much interaction with characters.
It is a smaller one of the Disney resorts and it's also not as nice as the other Disney resorts, as it is overcrowded with tourist from mainland China but it is still a great place to visit as an family and also with kids !
I shamelessly enjoy the Disney parks all over the world, as a child, and now as an adult. HK Disney falls short, however. It is SO crowded, and even with the long lines, it takes about half of a day to see everything. I love the magic of Disney, but HK just hasn't managed to capture it.
Disney never runs out of style! It;s a super happy place, even the thought of going there sends happy jitters and laughter!We got the $499 promo online and it came with food vouchers and even free personalised name tag! We were 3 adults   1 Senior citizen so our pacing is a bit relaxed.It's important to come prepared: very comfortable shoes built for long walks, clothes to withstand heat, and a cap, and a light jacket for cool windy nights (and MTR winds). Best to get a map and check your priority rides. Our priority were the shows so we planned our itinerary according to the schedule. Must see: The Lion King, Golden Mickey, Parade, Fireworks!Sleeping Beauty's castle is still undergoing repairs during our visit so the top part was boxed up with the castle's graphics. It's not distracting during daytime but during fireworks, it was like watching the fireworks bombard a fortress... hope they will finish this soon!
I spend 3 whole days at the park. Unbelievable, we really happy and enjoy with our holiday there. we also enjoy with the Muslim halal food at 2 difference restaurant cuisine. First day we had lunch at Tahitian restaurant with very good service rendered by the staff and the manager, Mr Chui. second day we had our bento box lunch style at Mystic restaurant, personally we feel convenience and satisfied with food they prepared. Nice taste and fresh with quality ingredient even though slightly pricy. Met the culinary director Chef Muller, appreciate him and his team effort to come up with the 2 halal restaurants. All facilities at this park was superb, brilliant idea, nice presentation and game. we manage ride all of the exploration at the difference theme park. we really enjoy and we make right decision to plan our holiday to Disneyland even though it really last minute panning.
very packed, long Q for almost all the rides. Foods are kinda over priced and taste so so. Not much exciting rides, too long Q. Amazing fireworks at night tho, but watch out when the fireworks ended. Crowd would push to leave the place.
For a child who has watched Disney cartoons and movies... going to Disney Land is just a dream come true.Wonderful place... well maintained and lots of interesting things to do.Do plan to be there by 10am... so that you can enjoy the rides and then the Parade at 7:30 and the Fireworks at 9pm..
Having never been to a proper theme park (only the crappy, unsafe Thai ones) I have to say this is well worth the money. The place is spotlessly clean, well organised, punctual and not too crowded.The better rides like Space Mountain were less popular (probably as there were very few teenagers) but the boring rides like Dumbo have a 1 hour queue??? Still can't figure that one out.Water is ridiculously overpriced so better to bring your own and the food is bland. Bring some chili sauce. The train goes straight to the park entrance and can be accessed from anywhere in HK.Crappy Disney souvenirs are littered all over the place, so if you are on a budget, cover your kid's eyes. On hot days the lining up can be a nightmare, so it would be nice to have a little more shade and some mist fans.
Those with young children should go at least once! We had great fun with our 4 kids. My youngest girl, 3 years old was so excited meet and took pictures with her favorite characters Mickey, Minnie, Pluto and others. Our kids enjoyed most of the shows and rides. We had the most expensive lunch ever in Hong Kong, Plaza In Chinese restaurant with lot of varieties and yummy...shopps was pricy but we did bought a few for kids...
Personally, Tokyo Disneyland is better than this one, but there is Toy Story Land here which is unique, and I heard that some other stuff are coming upon completion of construction of other phases. Anyhow, if you are a Disney fan, HK Disneyland is enjoyable and you could get different experience compared to other Disneylands in the world (e.g. the shows are different). However, tourists from China keep trying to cut your queue and I think this is the most annoying thing, and if not this, HK Disneyland is good enough, for both adults and children.By the way, if you have time, you may drop by Inspiration Lake nearby. Quite relaxing a place.
Havent been to Disneyland, Hongkong for 5 years now, thought it would have added atractions all these years. Very disappointing. All my four kids (aged 13 21) were not bit impressed or satisfied with our trip, waste of time and money.
I went mainly because as a 65  senior the admission was HK$100, roughly US$12.90. In the USA, admission is over $100. Clearly, this is not California or Florida. The park is small and has a few shortcomings, primarily the fact that several buildings on Main Street as well as Cinderella's Castle, are crude plywood with the scenes painted on. It looks cheap and silly. Surely Disney animators could have done better.With that said, the park was well laid out, clean and well organized. The Lion King show was excellent, although a bit intense for small children.As always, Disney rips you off on food, although Dim Sum at HK$30 for four pieces was reasonable as was a 700ml water for HK$25,The park is easy to reach on MTR and is well worth a visit since lines were never very long.
Brilliant experience. Right from the time you step out of the coach and walk towards the entrance. A true Fairy   Fantasy Land experience once you are inside. You can take a ride in the automobiles (vintage) from the beginning of the park till the castle. Strollers are available so that kids do not get tiered. 3 distinct Sections in the park, Main Street USA, Fantasy Land, Adventure Land & tomorrow Land. all are unique have have loads of activities for all ages. Very few height restriction rides and hence great for kids of 4 yrs plus. Ample shopping and restaurants available. 3pm Parade is spectacular and must watch. 7pm Light and sound parade is a must watch (best i have seen) and to end it with fireworks at 9pm which is spectacular as well. 2 full days in the park is enough anything less you will surely miss out on something. One should stay either at the Hollywood Hotel or the Disney Resort Hotel. Both are great places to stay and have shuttle to the park every 10 mins. One has to experience this place, every ride is worth it and unique in its own way. Ample of time to meet your favorite characters (mickey, Minnie, Winnie Pooh, Cinderella and all). You can click pictures with them and interact with them. They are patient and allow you to spend quality time. If you have smalls kids this is fairy   fantasy land you should visit. My kids have fabulous memories of this visit.
People say it is one of the smallest Disney parks but for my family with young kids the size was just perfect. The kids could go for rides on their own and they enjoyed it very much. Due to it's size we did not miss any of the rides. My father is a pure vegetarian and we were able to get Indian pure vegetarian food for him, which for us was a big plus.The souvenir shops are bit expensive and do not have a good variety. Finale for the day was the grand parade, very nice and the fireworks following that were the icing on the cake.
A fun day to spend and enjoy. 5he rides are fun and wait time is within acceptable limits. There are enough pit stops to relax. The theatre shows are fun and a good thing to do between rides. Only water and liquid bottles are allowed. No outside food. Trivia store is well stocked with options. Small yet fun filled. And the parade is absolutely charming followed by a galore of fireworks.
I went there to to look at it, without intention of taking any of the rides. It is a typical Disney park, with a lot of attractions, but crowds are very big and lines for most attraction very long.
Spent the day here wish I could get it back, do yourself a favour and don't waist your time. If you have children under the age of four you might have a reason to go here if not save your money for real theme parks like universal studios or anywhere else for that matter. Please don't pay attention to the positive reviews of this place it's terrible and you will get better value for money on the Hong Kong railway system. Please don't pay any attention to the positive reviews of this place it's not the happiest place on earth far from it.
i am just torn on how I feel. How can you have a castle that is half cardboard? It just feels like they half did it. I am not sure if there is still further development or If it is to be left this way but that signature castle needs to be done.The rides are good, but this more or less feels like a third world Disney. The fast pass idea is only for 2 rides. Did not see many characters walking around.This would have been better if I have never been to Orlando or Anaheim, but once you've been to both American Disney parks, this one still needs a lot of work.
Fun & Exciting experience. Best for all Ages. Disneyland has themes for all ages. Fantasyland, Mystic Manor would be a Haven for Kids , while Grizzly Gulch & Toy Story land,with their Xtreme and Hair Raising rides, that would Knock the air out of you, is best Suited for Teens & adults.They also have theaters such as the Golden mickey Show, but I didn't watch it cause well. I have more rides on my list to try and the Golden Mickey show, is not included.All in all, It's a fun experience. Especially if you went with the Family. It would be a memorable & Special bonding experience, but If you just brought a date, then it would be a sweet feeling, with skinship excuses during rides.Tickets?We bought them in our Guesthouse (Golden Crown) for a 15% discount but if you bought Online, it would be twice cheaper.https:  justcuriousz.wordpress.com 2015 04 30 hongkong day 1 disneyland
The Hong Kong disney land is awesome, lot of options for kids and adults, many rides for kids, less restriction on heights for kids, so more fun.Lot of food options, I had lot of options for Veg food. If travelling during summer, take your umbrella with you, the staff and amenities were very well managed.The size is small, I have not seen US or Paris Disneyland, but that's what I head, but this is good as this is all the fun in 2 days.
This is one of the best Disneyland's outside of the USA. Beats Eurodisney hands down.Great atmosphere, great rides, numerous food choices and everything you expect from a Disneyland. A lovely day out for kids and 'big' kids alike. Easy to reach on the MTR from Hong Kong or by taxi.
Before visiting this place we have had a misconception that we'll get bored in a place primarily made for kids who live cartoons. But, Disneyland proved us wrong. The more you start experiencing this park the more you will fall in love with this land.Must See: 3D show, Lion King Show, Evening Parade (You can miss the noon parade) and of course the fireworks in the evening.Must Do: Space mountain, Jungle River Cruise, Big Grizzly mountain safari cars
I visit this park on april 26 2015, for me just so so, not many option to play,just okay for younger kids. I paid HK$ 450  pax, expensive , i bought from HKI airportThe meals also expensive , start from HK$ 95  dish, not many stall food optionI more like universal studio singapore.I just curious about disney land,, The staff is friendly
The admission ticket was just raised couple of month before I visit the themes park. This is my 2nd visit after 1st visit 8 years ago. Additional playride is for Toystory land. They are also constructing new facilities that may be available soon. I arrive early in the morning on the weekday, and the visitor is stil not many. I can play any popular ride, such as space mountain, without queuing. Unfortunately, another popular ride mine train was not operated today, including lion king show. The golden mickey show is fabulous. To ensure a good seat, you need to stand in queue at least half an hour before the scheduled show.
It was my first ever visit to any Disney land and Hong Kong is a disappointment after all you hear about Orlando Florida. Maybe its just because its the first Phase but its is only set up for the age group of below 8 years old. Which for that its OK but teenage kids and adults forget it...
Yes it is over rated and over priced but it is Disneyland. It is cheaper than most other Disney theme parks and it does have a great atmosphere that is hard to beat. My wife and I went midweek on a great weather day and only one ride did we have to wait more than 5 minutes. Some rides that were worth a second and third ride such as Space Mountain we got off, ran back and got right back on. The food was good but save a few bucks and eat before you go as it is of course over priced. If you go, go early in the day and you can easily do it all in one day if you go midweek so you don't spend most of your time waiting in lines. Even the train ride there was great as it was a Disney themed train. It is worth the money to go there once but I think I will take the advice of all the locals try Ocean Park next. I give it 3 stars because I am a tightwad, my wife gives it 5 stars as she and Mickey Mouse share the same Birthday and she is kinda crazy when it comes to anything Disney...
We spent the entire day and evening at Disneyland Honk Kong. I went with my husband and our 2 kids (ages 6 & 8 yrs old). We got there at about 10am and left at 9pm, just after the night parade and fireworks show. We had loved our time here and all the rides, attractions, parade's, characters and fireworks display. We took the Disney train to get there and back which the kids loved and was an easy journey. There is more than enough to do and see to keep you busy the whole day.Would highly recommend this to anyone visiting Hong Kong, especially with kids
Hong Kong Disneyland is a very clean and lovely place to visit. It is one of the smaller Disneylands, so it is easily navigated with small children. The majority of the people are pleasant and very helpful. I can't say enough about how kind they are. There was only one incident that frightened me. I was leaving one of the major shows with three young children. The cousin of the grandchildren jumped up from the seat at the end of the show and went the wrong way to go out, thus leading the oldest grand child, who followed her. I stopped the two year old, who was standing beside me, and called to them to come back, as they were traveling into the oncoming crowd. The couple behind me in the seats shoved the two year old to the floor, knocking her down, on their hurried exit from the seats. A kind couple immediately stopped to help pick her up and stop the crowd rushing to the doors. The older grandchild immediately returned to me, and eventually the cousin. We walked out with the crowd. This happened in a few seconds. I have heard stories about the mainland Chinese, and how abrupt they are in rushing from one show to another. The local Hong Kong people are very polite.
Hong Kong Disneyland is a very clean and lovely place to visit. It is one of the smaller Disneylands, so it is easily navigated with small children. The majority of the people are pleasant and very helpful. I can't say enough about how kind they are. There was only one incident that frightened me. I was leaving one of the major shows with three young children. The cousin of the grandchildren jumped up from the seat at the end of the show and went the wrong way to go out, thus leading the oldest grand child, who followed her. I stopped the two year old, who was standing beside me, and called to them to come back, as they were traveling into the oncoming crowd. The couple behind me in the seats shoved the two year old to the floor, knocking her down, on their hurried exit from the seats. A kind couple immediately stopped to help pick her up and stop the crowd rushing to the doors. The older grandchild immediately returned to me, and eventually the cousin. We walked out with the crowd. This happened in a few seconds. I have heard stories about the mainland Chinese, and how abrupt they are in rushing from one show to another. The local Hong Kong people are very polite.
I have been to Disney in Paris and Orlando and was looking forward to sing Hong Kong to the list. I wasn't disappointed. Sure it is a bit smaller than the other two but we had a fabulous day out Disney style. It is so easy to get to as well from Hong Kong on the tube.
It was an amazing experience we Had with my whole family, we spent 4 night in HongKong and Disneyland was included on the package, It was a first class and great experience for all of us,. should every family go and experience Hong Kong and Disneyland, a totally great adventure. It has an International level of service, rides and attractions are fascinating and wonderful, It was crowded day but it was enjoyable, there were light and fire works show at the evening before its close.
Well it was the highlight of our holiday. The Disney never ending music through out the park and resort just keep in the ore why we went there. Sounds and your lifetime characters we all grew up with, put them together to put you in the wonderful mod to say this is a magic place. Staff, characters portray and live shows outstanding. Theme rides which you cue for under an hour which was worth it, its Disneyland you can't whinge about that. Expect crowds, not overpriced food outlets, make sure you get a two day pass so you can just cover all areas of the park.Spend the money to stay a the Disney resorts. We stayed two days nights and we made the time to enjoy what the resort offered. Awesome!!!!!
Not normally a theme park fan but really enjoyed the visit here. Really easy to get to the park on the MTR with the last bit on a specially themed Disney train complete with Mickey Mouse shaped windows. Plenty to see and do. Souvenirs are relatively expensive but pretty normal for a theme park. Huge selection of food. We enjoyed staying for the light parade and fireworks display at night.
My kids had fun, but my husband and I got really tired from the lining up and carrying things for the kids. Try to avoid going to the Hong Kong Disneyland after April, the weather starts to warm up, along with the long line ups, I can't seem to enjoy this attraction very much.
We had opportunity to visit disneyland at Hongkong.It is definitely a MUST SEE attraction. It is smaller compared to other disneylands but ambience is same.It has all sorts of rides.. the rides for toddlers   hair raising rides for youngsters and peaceful rides for seniors.No one will be disappointed. However you need to walk a lot.And if you intend to cover whole of disneyland in one day then you may have to rush from one ride to another hurriedly.The best part of disneyland are the two parades   one in noon and one at night.. Both are excellent. The evening one is more colorful since the characters are clad with illuminated costumes.Last but not the least   DONT MISS THE CASTLE FIREWORKS AT EVENING..Overall thumbs up!!
First time in Disneyland so the magic was being sprinkled on our way around the park.As usual the family always gets me on the scariest ride first. The space ride. (in the dark rollacoaster)We enjoyed the Lion King Show in AdventureLand and spent a good 8 hrs at the park from 12.30 til 8.30pm left after the light show.We got a picture with Mickey Mouse....Mickey gave me a cuddle when i told him I had watched all his show when I was a kid (some 40  years ago).They say Disneyland USA is so much bigger. But for us Hong Kong Disney was big enough to get around in one day. Once a kid always a kid I say ..!!A place where anything can happen....just believe.
Don   t expect this to be the size of a US Disney resort. The space limitation in Hong Kong means that the park is not the same size but loses none of the quality or charm of Disney. My children are 4 and 6 and they both loved the day out. One day is enough for this park and offers plenty to do for a full day out. There are a few ways to get there but I recommend the train it is low cost and very efficient. The park tickets cost approx   160 for two adults and two children dependant on the exchange rate at the time. My children have been asking to go back every day since.
With 15 Disney World trips in 5 years under my belt, I consider myself a Disney snob, as does everyone who knows me. I recently had the chance to go back to Hong Kong and obviously HK Disneyland was at the top of my itinerary. My first international Disney! A momentous occasion. I'd heard many accounts about how it is a half day park but I knew I'd need more time to be able to appreciate all the details as well as get in some repeats. Soo, my sister and I decided to purchase two day tickets.We ran in there, highly anticipating our first glimpse of Sleeping Beauty castle but instead, stopped short when we saw what was ahead. A boxy, silly looking refurb facade. Sigh. It was the most unmagical moment ever. Alas..The park was fairly empty until noon time. It was so weird to have the whole place to ourselves. It was also so weird to actually need to use a guide map! But we got so much done! Let's see...rides? My favorite was definitely Mystic Manor. In fact, I'd put it in my top 3 favorite Disney rides of all time. The ride is so technologically advanced and the theming details were all incredible. I also really enjoyed Space Mountain and Runaway Mine Cars. The Space Mountain here is a much smoother ride than the one at WDW. The Runaway Mine Cars was pretty thrilling too. Similar to Big Thunder Railroad in WDW but longer. Faster. With a twist!As for the shows? The Golden Mickey's was spectacular and I couldn't take my eyes off of the stage. The cast was wonderful and Bebe, the lead, was such a doll. Her voice gave me chills. As did Rafiki's from Festival of the Lion King. The show here is very different than the one at WDW, not as interactive, but more of a play by play. I enjoyed this very much though. My sister and I both felt that these shows were under appreciated though. The audience for both was so stoic and didn't seem to be having a good time. Cultural difference? I don't know. This kind of took away from the whole experience, especially when the cast is asking everyone to clap but get them from just from my sister and I and a select few others. Meh.The parades were DELIGHTFUL. I preferred the evening Paint the Night parade for sure    the colorful lights and catchy song made for an explosive audiovisual experience with all your favorite characters at the forefront. Disney does it best. Food    mostly asian options of course but quite a variety    Indian, Chinese, Malaysian, Korean, etc. Starliner Diner offered burgers and such too if you prefer. My sister and I had solid meals at Tahitian Terrace and Explorer's Club. We also decided to try as many HKDL specific snacks as we could stomach    curry popcorn, chocolate black sesame ice cream bars and korean dried squid. All were YUM. The fireworks were great but would have been so much better if not held behind the backdrop of a big ol' box. Arggh. The castle refurb was seriously such a letdown although honestly the only one. Some differences to WDW    It was definitely very different hearing the characters speak in Cantonese and Mandarin but it was cute. Park crowds were pretty light on both days. Instead of pins, everyone seems to collect stickers here. The cast members with the red pouches have them, fyi! Umm, the attention to detail between lands is a little lackluster. There was a lot of open blank spaces. Eeh. The cast members also don't look as happy. In the grand scheme of things, there is no comparison to WDW but HKDL still has it's own charm.Overall, I had an incredible time! 2 Disney's down, 3 more until I hit the ultimate achievement!
Having never been to a Disneyland before we were really looking forward to our two days there. We stayed at Disneyland Hotel which was very convenient. If I was going to visit again I would only stay one night in that hotel and spend the other nights in central Hong Kong.The reviews are mixed, with some saying it is disappointing compared to the US park. We though the park was great!. We particularly enjoyed all the shows from the Lion King to the 4D show to the 3pm street parade and the 7.30 night show. All the staff in these shows were very enthusiastic, which made them even more enjoyable.My wife was stoked that she was able to get Mickey Mouse ears with her name embroidered on them, something she has always wanted since she was a kid.If you are looking for fast roller coasters whilst in Hong Kong, then Ocean Park would be better. However if you truly want a great family experience then this park is for you.We had heaps of photos with characters, at least 10 different ones. The soldiers from Toy Story are really cool.Stay for all the shows, including the fireworks, really worth it.
I have been to Disney World (Orlando, Florida) and the experience in Disney HK cannot be compared. 50% of the attractions that Disney Orlando provides is not there in HK. Only saving grace was Tinkerbell. Hats off to the HK Transportation system(MTR) which is worth appreciating. 1 day is more than sufficient to spend at Disney HK. If you plan to stay back for the fireworks, ensure to check the weather forecast before planning your day. The fireworks are called off even for breezy weather!! There are many options for food inside the park.
We loved every minute of the experience, from start to finish. Try and arrive at 9:00am so you can take some photos around the place first without any other tourists. The park opens there gates at 9:30am to Main Street, so again opportunity to take photos. As soon as the park opens at 10:00am go to the park off the park and work your way round you get on loads of rides. We managed to get on all rides in one day.A tip, the staff give out stickers, just ask them do you stickers, it's a nice touch.Go during the week as it's very busy at weekends, but it's Disney and it's true magic.
We visited mid week April, and bluntly it was not busy. Most rides 5 minute wait. The park is smaller than others but for a day trip it's fine, and very tidy and clean. The shows were excellent and very professional plus entertaining. The 3pm parade truly the best I've ever seen. For a day trip it was great fun, and we certainly left with a smile on our faces. A great variety of food is available albeit pricey.We visited from airport and unless we missed the trick, found it difficult to get there, as have to get a bus then MTR with a change. Bit messy that as I would have thought a direct shuttle worthwhile.
We took my 2 1 2 yr old Grandson here. He thoroughly enjoyed himself, as did my son and daughter. There was plenty to do and the actors were great. My one disappointment was the cost of the food, especially as the amount you got was not great.The Disney train is also a great idea, having Mickey Mouse shaped windows on the carriages.
This was our first Disney experience. Getting here was very easy due to the dedicated train line with its Disney theme. We got there well before opening on a Tuesday and there were stacks of people (mainly with young children). The park is quite small, but there was still more than enough to do to keep ourselves entertained. Whilst the castle was under renovation they have erected essentially card board to maintain the external appearance which to me looked very tacky. If you want to see the parades (which I highly recommend) get there early so you get a good viewing point and beware the locals can get a bit pushy. The rides were not all that high adrenaline, but that was not a big deal. Food was normal quality you would expect from a theme park. The firework display was a very nice way to end the day.
Really enjoyed our time here. We only had a 26 hour stop off in Hong Kong so decided to go and stay in Disney as it was close to the airport(and I love Mickey!)It is obviously smaller than the other parks but it is perfectly formed. It definitely had the feeling of Disney, someone has trained all the staff very well in Disneyness!Also there were enough differences to keep us entertained and surprised. The lines could have been slightly better managed and it was quite amusing to watch the crowds squeeze forward every time the host told us how long we had left to wait and then when the barrier was lifted they actually ran to the open doors!But everything was very enjoyable
Disneyland Hong Kong is smaller than the ones in US, but still worth the visit and also less crowded. Not too many rides for the younger kids (aged up to 5) due to height restrictions.Easily connected to Hong Kong city via the MTR or taxi.Outside food is not allowed and will be taken away at the entry gate.Arrive   enter the park as soon as the park opens to avoid the rush.The park is quiet from 10am to 12pm most of the rides have small lines at this time.Not many rides have the fastpass offer.Needless to say the park will be less busy during a weekday.
Its Amazing.  Really FUN, Real Enjoy, Must Life, lots of exiting games.   Miss all friends and family members.
A place where age shows no limits. I felt like a little kid again.  Even if it's too small compared in Florida, it's still worth the visit. All is perfect!!!
Hong Kong Disneyland is too small and too crowded. Lots of mainland tourists there, and behave badly, like cutting line and keeping pushing while waiting.
Disneyland HK is smaller as compared to the ones in US , but worth the visit. Located outside main city in the town of Lantau, its easily connected by MTR and taxi. we took a taxi and it costed us 145 hk Dollars from our hotel in Tsuen Wan. USA street is the best with live music and bands playing, original coca cola store restaurant ( try their potato shrimps and chicken wings) and many shops for Disney products. Donot miss adventure land and fantasy land. the boat ride is awesome and the theater show (4D) is too good. Merchandise is expensive but food is reasonably priced. 1 day may not be enough , but if you only have 1 day, prioritize adventureland and Fantasy land. on day 2 go for toy land and futureland. overall worth the 499hk dollar entry ticket. if u want a discount, go to klook.com and you get the ticket for 460 hkd.
We visited Disneyland in Hong Kong in March 2015. Was everything a kids could ask for. All kids dream of seeing Mickey Mouse and I was just as excited to see him at 59. We enjoyed the whole day there.
This was the highlight of our trip to Hong Kong. There is something for all ages. Be prepared for a long walk around the resort, and to be surprised by some of the activities !I am a roller coaster fan, and Disneyland won't disappoint ! One plunges you into total darkness for starters and continues to surprise and delight as the ride progresses.Remember if you are a senior citizen then you get a good discount on your ticket.Plenty of good photo opportunities and this resort will be enjoyed in particular by the younger members of the family.Avoid buying food there as it is expensive.
Family of mum dad and eleven year old boy had the whole day there. Got discount tickets when crossing the border. Food quite expensive inside but we did expect that. Loved toy story land the most. Went on a Friday and no queue at all for anything very quiet day. Took us a while to find the shop where you can get the Mickey Mouse ears with your name embroider on them as our son wanted. They are very cheap $60 and stitching free so very happy Worth the price as it was an amazing day Make sure you see the golden Mickey show and also the 3 d show great for a sit down rest and very entertaining 10 10 for both shows.
I think Disneyland is for kids. The most of attraction are not made me excited. But I really like the  fireworks huge show at castle. It's very marvelous. Some food in Disneyland is not delicious.
It's my second time of visiting HK Disney after nearly five years. Well, for me still the same except for the Golden Mickey show though i prefer the 4D Mickey show before. There's no Lion king show it's under maintenance. A piece of advice, don't go to Disney in the month of march coz mostly they are under going maintenance probably in preparation for the peak season which is April and May. Just glad that it's not my first time or else i've missed something. .
The place was awesome. My kids love it.We visit this place for whole day and saw the daytime parade and night time parade, as well as the fireworks.We managed to get picture with several Disney's character.The place also easy to reach with Hong Kong subway. Always get ready 30 minutes before the parade or fireworks start so you can get best spot to see them.
We found our way easily using the Hong Kong subway. The only issue was the subway ticket at the Hong Kong station only used coins to take the line and not a credit card or paper HKD. Short ride to park after transfer to Disney line. Entrance well done and price very reasonable   cheaper than Disneyland or Disney World. Much smaller and compare that US parts but well worth visiting. Park had some hokey build outs as some of main street was painted facades and only the first level of the magic castle was actually built with the rest of the castle painted backdrop. Mystic manor was great and worth going to the park. The adjacent roller coaster was a combination of thunder mountain and expedition everest   very cool. This time in March was great   no lines and short wait times. Food was good too. Saw most of the part in little over 4 hours
We particularly loved dinner with the characters at the Enchanted Garden Restaurant at the Hong Kong Disneyland Hotel. We had a fabulous time and met Minnie, Mickey, Duffy and Shellie May. We were with family and children aged 9 and 12 and I think we adults enjoyed it even more than the children. The food was terrific as was the service. I can't wait to go again.
Our second visit to HK Disney. There are some fun rides for the kids, but the park really is very small. It gets very crowded in the late morning so go early and be there when the gates open. Avoid Chinese holiday periods   weekday mornings outside school holidays are best. There are limited, quite expensive food options so we take our own sandwiches.
If you have been to America or Euro Disney you will find this one a disappointment. Great access but generally void of the big rides and shows,staff generally miserable and  not great English in general. On the whole not worth the money
A day is enough for this spot.  It is small and doesn't offer much rides.  We went on a Monday and it was not that croweded. We were able to go around in its entirety and saw sevearl shiws and parades.
My husband and I took our daughter to HKDL for her 25th birthday. We live in Japan, and have been to Tokyo Disneyland and Tokyo Disney Sea (collectively known as Tokyo Disney Resort, TDR) numerous times. I grew up 20 minutes from California Disneyland, so I went there many times also, and I've been to California Adventure several times. We have become so used to the average 2 hour lines at TDR that we were really overwhelmed by the lack of people at HKDL. It was amazing. Maybe it was the time we went, after the Chinese New Year holidays...One thing that made us laugh out loud was while we were standing in line waiting to get in (the Park opens at 10 a.m., quite late), and we heard a male voice lament in English,  Everyone is here!!!  He's never been to Tokyo, where the line on opening day for Toy Story Mania was 8 hours long! I almost told him to go there. There were perhaps 150 people waiting around, while in any one line of 20 or more at TDR there are 150 people. There were no lines at any attraction, except for the Golden Mickeys, and then we only had to wait for the previous show to end and we went right in. When lines at TDR can reach up to 6 hours or more on weekends and holidays, it was so fun to just walk right in and get on the attractions. All our friends who love Disneyland anywhere were quite stunned.The Park was extremely clean, including the restrooms, as is expected of a Disneyland. The details were spot on, too. Toy Story Land was very small, but awesome! Everyone spoke English, which was great for me. The only hitch to that was the Jungle River Cruise attraction, where you choose English, Mandarin, or Cantonese lines before you board the boat. Our English speaking guide surely was speaking English, but none that I had ever heard of. Everyone in the boat was looking at each other and shrugging. It was quite disappointing, as I'd read this was a fun experience.We had plenty of opportunity to meet lots of characters. The wait was just a few minutes. We got a Fast Pass to see Anna and Elsa of Frozen first thing in the morning, and the return time was around 11:15, but otherwise we just strolled up and waited our turn for Duffy and ShellieMay, Buzz Lightyear, Cinderella, Mickey, Minnie, and Goofy, and we saw several others but we already had their autographs.Tomorrowland was empty. We could ride Space Mountain twice and have our pick of seats. The Buzz Lightyear attraction was also empty. Instead of shooting at things as you usually do on the attraction, I just sat back and enjoyed the ride, knowing we'd go on it again. We missed the Stitch Encounter English show as the timing wasn't right. You have to go to the attraction to find out when the times are for the various languages. This show is similar to Turtle Talk at other Disney Parks, I think.Fantasyland had the most attractions of any Land, with Dumbo being the most popular. We went on the Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh. It's similar but slightly different than in other Parks. The Golden Mickeys show was fun. It was done in Cantonese, with simplified Chinese and English subtitles on screens to the left and right of the stage. The show was similar to the Oscars or Emmys, with various (Disney) movies and characters being nominated, but no one is actually named a winner, which was a little disappointing. Of course, ALL the characters and movies presented were winners! Sleeping Beauty's Castle was really small! You could walk through it in less time than it takes to greet someone. And the top half was covered with wooden boards, and that half of the castle was painted on the boards! I hope that this was to cover repairs being done. it's a small world was as enjoyable as ever, and we even got our own private boat!Adventureland had only the Jungle River Cruise and Tarzan's Treehouse, which is on a little island reached by raft, a la Tom Sawyer's Island, though once you got there, there was only the Treehouse, and nowhere else to go. The rest of the island is off limits. When we were there, scaffolding covered the whole Treehouse. The whole area of Adventureland had plenty of wooden carvings, and a place to rest with various drum type instruments you can play with. The Festival of the Lion King show was also closed, another great disappointment. Grizzly Gulch was nearly all closed. The Runaway Mine Car attraction, perhaps the most exciting, was closed for maintenance. My daughter and I were really looking forward to the fish and chips sold at the Silver Nugget Saloon, but that place, too, was closed. It really was like a ghost town!Mystic Point was fun and interesting, with the Mystic Garden trick art a high point. Mystic Manor itself has some very interesting displays along the way toward where you board your vehicle, but as there were no people in line in front of us, we just zipped along. This attraction is really interesting, and unlike the Haunted Mansion it replaces. The outside looks nothing like the Haunted Mansion, though the sign on the gatepost looks similar in font and plaque styles, but inside there are several rooms that are similar, with different decorations, of course. Look for those!Toy Story Land was compact, but really colorful and fun. As someone who grew up with nearly all the toys there, it was nostalgic. We went on the Slinky Dog Spin, and it wasn't as fast or stomach churning as we had thought it would be. The same goes for the Green Army Men Parachute Drop. Watching it beforehand, it reminded me of the Tower of Terror's many ups and downs, but it didn't feel the same. Not as stomach lifting. We skipped RC Racer, though it was fun to watch.Main Street was very compact, filled with nice shops. Even at the close of the Park, there were few people in the shops, so we could shop without being bumped. There were some items sold at great discounts, so this was a pleasant surprise. We went for one whole day, plus a a few hours the next day before our flight back home. The whole experience just made us want to stay longer, or at least go back again. We are already planning that for next year around the same time! Before you go, make sure you check the Chinese holiday calendar  and avoid any holidays! Go during the week, not on the weekends.
It has got some amazing rides like Space Mountain, Grizzly Mountain Roller Coaster, RC Racer and Parachute drop which are more adventurous. It has also got beautiful shows like Mystic Manor, Mystic Garden and In a small town.Even on a Saturday, the crowd wasn't that much and we could do almost all the rides shows. It is worth a one time visit to the place.
If You're an adult with a kid at heart, this is a place to go. It's because the games and attractions are tailored for kids. Bring sunblock and cap, both would help in getting lesser sun burn and thus more energy during the visit. We enjoyed the shows very much, especially the one in stitch's place. By the way, we opted for the Cantonese versions for all of the shows.
A good quality park. Just what you'd expect from Disney. Very much aimed at younger children though,  not really any rides for teens or older. Good shopping opportunities for Disney lovers.
Really one of the best place to bring a kid during non school holiday period. We were here just after the school holidays, and the place was still packed (still needed to line up for at least 30 minutes to an hour for rides), but not as bad as it would have been otherwise.The shows in Disneyland HK is one of it's best features, especially the Mickey Mouse symphony and the Little Mermaid 4D show (cannot exactly remember the name for this). The rides were very friend to toddlers and my son enjoyed his trip here immensely. Will definitely visit again.We only spent a day here, and it was sufficient to finish the show and the park, but not to do many of the rides.
I have visited Disneyland many times, so this time I would like to try something that I didn   t try before. Firstly, I was very happy to take photos with Mickey and Minnie in the Fantasy Gardens, they were very nice and naughty so that my husband and I enjoyed a lot. Secondly, we enjoyed the views of Disneyland when playing autopia. In addition, Disneyland has a classroom to teach visitors learning how to draw animation, I drew one on that day. Before leaving, we watched    Disney Paint the Night    Nighttime Spectacular, it was very nice and interesting.
A great place to go and you don't need kids! A smaller version of the LA Disneyland easily manageable in 1 day. Trains from everywhere get you there easily or there's a Disney resort just past the train station.
Part of the Asian trips we went to Hong Kong Disneyland, it is really worth it !, the kids enjoyed so much the Golden Mickey Show, the Lion King shows. The Small Word Boat ride and what gave them the thrill is the Grand Parade wherein you will see all the Disney Characters and the last but not the least the Fireworks Display.I recommend travellers to drop by Hong Kong Disneyland a the Happiest place on Earth !
Being one of its kind in South Asia, people visiting HK must feel the enjoyment with their family, especially children.
I had heard and read mixed reviews about HK Disneyland but I don't know why. It was undoubtably a fantastic, magical day out. Value for money, the entertainment was non stop. We spent the whole day there and still skipped over some things. On a Thursday the average queue for rides was 15 minutes. Loved so many of them it is hard to pick a highlight. Our children of 3, 6 and 10 all loved every second of it. Can't wait to go back!
It is a great place to go, but the lines are scary! It's nothing compared to the Disneyland in the US but it's money well worth because you get to ride in the Disney train in HK. It's fun!
The Disney Park in Hong Kong is amazing. It can be reached by MTR Metro or Taxi's or Conducted Tours. The entrance fee is HKD 499 per adult which includes all the rides such as space mountain and all other shows and innumerous rides etc. The Park has many interesting sovenir shops and plenty of food outlets. At least one full day is required to see.
Great value for money, amazing things to do and see. Various eateries with a great variety of food from all over the world. Must try the mickey waffles and e caramel popcorn. WE spent 2 days as 1 was not quite enough but you could do it I a day. The parade at 3 pm is a must not miss.
Had a great time and the shows were really neat. The rides are fun and enjoyed them a lot. I've been to Disneyland in Anaheim and this is just as good.
Being a westerner, I am used to going to Disney World in Orlando, Florida so having the chance to go to the one in Hong Kong was great as it reminded me of something close to home. Although the park is not as big as those in the US it is a lot of fun. We got a great deal because for $64 we got the entrance, a meal and even a Disney name tag. Loved it.
My very first visit to Disneyland with four other adults. Easy to get to by train. Went during a weekday and was not as crowded as I was expecting. Some rides had queues up to an hour long. We chose rides & shows with short wait times and enjoyed each one. Saw both day and night parades. Both totally different. Staff very friendly & helpful. A great day out, but also very tired by end of day.
Me and my bestfriend enjoy our visit here. Though we are afraid to take some of the ride but we able to manage to face our fears of heights. Truly, not a fantasy anymore!
We enjoyed our grown up day at Disney.  The weather wasn't good which made it perfect for us. It was not crowded and most attractions had almost no lines.  We enjoyed the food. A bunch of construction work is happening which is not great...
On the day we visited, it's my parents 30th anniversay. Their staff is helpful and always keep the happy smile on face.They arrange a wheelchair to my grandma as she did not walk really well. My parents and grandma have a happy day here and feel like back to the childhood.You should bring your mum here althought the ticket is qutie expensive.
We always associate Disney with kids yet we haven't thought much that we were once kids & Disney would forever be imprinted in our minds & our hearts.I for one was mesmerized in Hongkong Disneyland. So many things to do yet so little time.I couldn't help reminisce my favorite Disney characters & what it brought to me. I was so amazed with my day trip that made me want to go back again but this time with the kids.We were so enthralled that we haven't decided on what to do & where to go inside the Disneyland Resort.This was one memory that would forever be etched in my heart.
We ( husband, myself and 2 kids, 9 & 11) went to Hong Kong Disney in April 2015, on a weekday.First thing I noticed was that it was not at all crowded. I have visited the other Disneylands in Anaheim, Tokyo and Paris, and was used to big crowds and long lines. The longest we had to wait for a ride was 20 minutes for Space Mountain, the other rides were a 5 or 10 minute wait only. It is also much smaller than the other Disneylands, so it was easier to get around. You could actually do this park in a day, whereas you would need at least 2 days for the other Disneylands.The food is expensive, but there is a good range of fussy kid friendly options. It makes sense to take in your own picnic though, to keep costs down.Definitely see the Lion King Spectacular show though, it was only 30 minutes, but it was wonderfully done, with great singing and dancing and giant puppets.
The place is truly a wonderland for kids. During weekdays not so crowded or in the evening after 7pm ideal. It was a dream come true.The only problem is that on a warm day ensure to carry Hongkong Dollars in cash as non of the beverage carts accept cards even though you will be paying a premium price for every drink. Hygine was a second issue as the rides were not so clean so ensure to carry hand gel for kids to clean their hands after every ride.
Organization in general is very poor and what should be a day of fun with family becomes a day of suffering and frustration. The only thing I have enjoyed with my kids was the parade and the fireworks. For all the attractions waiting time goes over 1 hour. While lining up there is no way to go bathroom unless through a mountain of people. You have to line up ages for everything, a coffee, an icecream, a bottle of water or a meal. One full day cannot get you to attend more than 4 attractions or shows.Ocean Park beats Disneyland 10 0.
Of course, I was a single guy celebrating my 31st birthday alone when I visited but as a fan of Disneyana and as a writer for children's programming, I thought there was something lacking in terms of the whimsy and magic I've come to expect from Disneyland. This could have also been because many of the buildings   included its centrepiece castle and main street shops   were being renovated at the time but for whichever reason the experience felt cheap and unconvincing. Of course, the rides are still great fun and one area in particular   Mystic Point   would have been incredible had it been much bigger but if you're a completionist who has to choose one full day attraction in Hong Kong, you can easily drop this one.
Don't expect massive rides, there are some good rides but in there own way even the child rides, like the magic house with all the special affects which are great... Anything to do with Disney is amazing... The only downside to our visit they shut a lot of the rides as there was a typhoon warning...
Our second time here and the novelty has not worn off. Loved the park and the characters, service was great throughout the park.
We did it so the children can tick it off. Would I ever recommend it   no unless I lived in Hong Kong.It is beautifully landscaped and clean and easy to get to. Apart from that it is aimed at sub 8yo I would guess and for that it is well done. It is Disney it's expensive for all things   entry,memorabilia and food.Buy tickets online,it helps a bit. We deliberately avoided the weekend so the queues were tolerable.There are other theme parks more worthy in Hong Kong.
Disney is Disney!!!!! Go through the gates and forget about the world outside. Yes it's small and yes it gets busy, but who cares!!!!!!!!! Easy to get to from HK Kowloon by MTR (30 minutes) and we'll sign posted and assistance at all stops. Change at Sunny Bay MTR stop to the Disney train and walk 5 minutes from the train exit to the gates. Opens around 10am and if you want to get on the  big rides  with the least queueing go early. $499HKD (  45) for the day!!!! What's not to like??????
I did not have high hopes for Disneyland as the whole 'Disney' thing has never exactly been my cup of tea, but the whole family trekked over there one day when my son's class got free tickets, and I must say I was very impressed.Disneyland in Hong Kong is quite small but is very well laid out so that it doesn't feel small at all. The attractions and rides were very clever and creative and colourful. Quite a few were, perhaps, a little too scary for my two year old, and of course the queues were often horrendous, but I was very impressed with the overall experience. I was particularly impressed with how the whole park was so immaculate. Every street, sign, bench, grass verge or water feature was bright, clean, colourful and showed no signs of wear and tear (or, perhaps, showed every sign of being very well maintained).Disneyland in Hong Kong is set far away from the rest of the city and is accessed by a special Disney train, but while it is a great day out, don't let this be the only thing you do in Hong Kong.
Fairly small Disney park that has only 3 or 4 rides for older kids. This park is best for families with kids under about 10 years of age. Fireworks at end of day were a highlight. Park is open long hours so one day is enough if you are prepared to have a full day. Costs quite a lot more than Ocean Park and not as good. Trades off the Disney name.
You may read all sorts of reviews of Hong Kong Disneyland and wonder why it attracts so many different reactions. The key to enjoying Hong Kong Disneyland is your expectation of the park. The things that many people complain about (its small size and lack of  thriller  rides) are the very things that we loved best when visiting with our two young children (ages 5 and 7). The park is manageable and can easily be visited in one not so busy day, although we made good use of our two day passes when we visited in 2013. Our kids are easily scared by the the faster rides, but loved all of the gentle favorites, such as the Mad Hatter's Tea Cups, Dumbo and the Carousel. We have visited on weekdays prior to Easter in 2013 and 2015 and did not find it too busy. Be smart about your visit to Hong Kong Disneyland  don't bring your teenagers!  and you will have an enjoyable dose of Disney.
I consider Hong Kong Disneyland as the most accessible amongst all the Disney resorts.  this of course has its own pros and consWhen I went to Hong Kong Disneyland with my mom, brothers and sistaers in 2010 we stayed at Disneyland Hollywood Hotel as it is much more expensive to stay at the Disneyland Hotel. My brother fell ill during this visit and just had to stay at the hotel with my mom taking care of him. They enjoyed the hotel while we were enjoying the park.There are definitely more people at Hong Kong Disneyland than in California Disneyland. So be prepared for long lines and people cutting in line. Some lines are quite chaotic. I still have not found the best way strategy to make the most of my stay in Hong Kong Disneyland.
We've never been to any other Disneyland so we have nothing really to compare it with.But where we come from there isn't any theme park as brilliant as this. The Mystic Manor ride and Grizzly Gulch is a must. We really enjoyed ourselves and I would say a day is enough to see everything. The 3 pm parade was spectacular and so was the night one.The fireworks on closing was stunning. A must see if your in Hong Kong.
HK Disneyland is well known to be the smallest disneyland in the world. However, the Paint the Night Parade is a must see and the main reason to visit. I've been to the park for over 20 times and my son is still enjoying his visits.Have a sneak peek of the night parade here:https:  www.youtube.com watch?v QEJDWAoFPM4
Not a lot here for adults. Rides aren't really thrilling. We went on a rainy day and found that there wasn't much shelter. Wait times were pretty reasonable and what we expected. I've seen it now and don't feel the need to come back.
I would not have been able to handle idle waits in lines for anything but a moderately rainy day saved me from having to shoot myself in the head! We got lucked out going there on a Saturday (yep!) that was a little rainy and we barely had to wait for anything! The longest wait was less than 10 minutes (miracle!!!)The park is much smaller that other disney (I heard because I have not been to others and most definitely won't ever  and we are from the U.S.) it was the right size for a 6 hour day trip for us. The staff members are not very friendly (not like what I have heard about those at other Disneys). They were certainly efficient but not super friendly. We saw the Lion King show and the 3D Donald duck movie and both were very impressive  a must see. The Grizzly mine car ride was our favorite. It was super fun and exciting we went back for more (because there was no lines!!!).
I've been to every Disney. The best park in my opinion is Tokyo, Floida, then probably Hong Kong as 3rd. It's a small park with only two hotels, but it is immaculately maintained and well run. Landscaping is beautiful and there are a few rides unique to this Disney. These are Mystic Manor (the best of their haunted house genre) and Grizzly Gulch. The latter is a thunder mountain like ride with a backwards component. HongKong Disneyland will not offer a lot to thrill seekers with only two roller coasters, but is an excellent choice for a family with young kids. If is also so convenient to the airport and ground transportation is easy by taxi for about $15 US or the train. Overall a very nice, compact park. Tokyo is much bigger and offers more, but Hong Kong is a good choice for a family with young kids. Two days is plenty of time,
I am sure that the other Disney parks are much more evolved than this one and as this was my first visit to a Disney Park I have nothing else to compare it to. But I had a magical day and was impressed with this place. I would say it is more geared towards younger children but nevertheless there are rides and other park delights to entertain all.
Been here in late march on a friday.not too crowded.longest queue wait was arnd an hour n a half.With 3 kids under 5 and my sister's 2 boys aged 7 & 8, a total of 5 kids, i had to do lots of homework.First and foremost is to check when is the mainlanders sch holidays :PWe decided to get just a day pass (ive read reviews) it is not as big like the one we went last yr in Anaheim.We managed to get on to 8 rides (arrived here arnd 1030am) although there are some renovations going on.Characters are easy to spot at certain places.They are friendly and cheerful.Staffs are helpful but some of them still dont understand english.The park and the toilets are clean!
We went for the Christmas firework show but spend the whole day there. Was a great day out. The food, however, is very disappointing and the service super slow.
We went hoping to have a fun day of rides and the Disney experience and it may have been affected by the rain we had but it is not like California Disneyland.There were to a lot of rides for adults and teens but the overall feel is pretty good. We only spent a few hours there but enjoyed the day.
Disney is always a magical journey,But if you have done Japan or USA then this will look smaller.Kids around and under 6 7 years is a good age. Above that can become little boring.They have limited vegetarian options, so carry few things from home :)And this is a commercial market place, everything is very expensive.
We visited in late March when there seemed to quite a bit of refurbishment going on. The castle had work doing to it which was really disappointing as that's kind of what you go to Disney to see   plus there were a few rides out including the main roller coaster. It was a shame that considering the quite expensive cost of the ticket, we weren't given any compensation for this.Nevertheless, there was still lots to see and do in the park. Particularly enjoyed the Space Mountain ride and Toy Story section. The parade was decent and just generally strolling around the park is really nice. Funnily enough the train that you get to the park is also a highlight   Mickey Mouse shaped windows and handles on the hand rails   a great way to start the trip!We were four friends around 24 25 years old and while we went to Disney for a bit of nostalgia, we did kind of crave a bit more of the thrill seeking part   and I think others that are looking for this too will be better heading over to Ocean Park, which I wish we did!
This was my third visit to HK Disneyland. I went the first few weeks after it opened and have young children, so have been back twice since. Whilst the kids will love it, the crowds here are out of control and quees to match. When you get on a ride they are very short and the staff are not typical Disney level engaging. They were doing training runs in adventure land not allowing customers to enter the raft every other time, which added insult to injury given the lengthy delays. I saw one set of characters (from Frozen) meeting guests for photo shoots and one piano on a tricycle in around 5 hours. The staff just don't seem interested in the patrons and were more interested in joking amongst themselves.No characters were walking around like I've seen in Anaheim and HK in the past.Very expensive way to access merchandise stores... That seemed to be what HK Disney was all about. We managed to go on two other rides in the 5hours, ate a very average hotdog standing up as there were no seats available in the food halls.There needs to be a limit to the number of patrons that are permitted at any one time (or a substantial reduction to the current limit) as HK Disney is poor value for money and not anything Disney should be proud of.Save your money and go to another Disneyland.
I went there with my pretty cousin (24), we found this place looks amusing, beautiful, designed well, so fancy, dan has great atmosphere of Disney. Every place has it's own theme & disney characters, which let us feel like we were in Disney World, like we are in the world full of magic, imagination, & fantasy. Every kids might be love this place and never wanna go home.But for teenagers like us, we need something more exciting than coursels, theater, shows, etc.The restaurants, foods stands & souvenirs aren't cheap, but I can understand since it's  Disneyland .I'll rate 5 stars if they have Roller Coasters, Ghost House, and other stuff that pump our adrenaline to the max. Haha...
My family and I had visited this place three times before heading to Disneyland in Anaheim, California. The rides are more of the same but obviously the  Small World  ride was a bit more Asian inspired. I recommend this theme park to anyone who would like to have a first glimpse of the Western inspires Disney Resort.
We LOVED Disneyland Hong Kong! The people playing the various characters there were fabulous! The park was small enough to cover it all in a day. It was just a fun day all around!
not much variety of food.  not to crowed. toy story land was great.  prices simillar to others. maybe. they have a ride similar to the log ride
Really great fun for all ages.. brings out the child in everyone.. Try to go during week days as quieter and ques not so long otherwise wait over 30min per ride.. Try and go as early as possible and take 2 day tickets as way too much to get done in 1 day especially if you have younger kids that wants meet and greet characters.. purchase tickets at cts counter at airport they give you 15% discount on tickets and at admirality station they sell disneyland land at discounted prices as well as give you a disneyland gift (subject to availability).. if you have younger kids make sure you get them to ask all workers there for stickers as they hand out disney stickers whole day and keeps kids busy while you stand in line for rides and they get really excited collecting all the stickers
Disneyland is definitely an attraction whether you visit with kids or not. The beauty, the variety, its just mesmerizing. Do visit Mickey's 7D show. It is just breathtaking.Most of the rides are for young kids (though adults can be part of it), but there is one ride that is specifically for adults. Its called Space Mountain. But beware the queue can take upto 45 minutes.Tip: Space Mountain also has single rider queue, which is considerably smaller. I would suggest spending more than one full day, if you dont want to miss out anything.
Had a great day in Hong Kong Disneyland. Nicely planned and lots of fun for the children. If you do not necessarily have to do every single thing it can be covered in one day. It is not a huge park. It has something for everyone but maybe less for the older kids.Only drawback was the dining options. Clearly an area where the Disney magic does not extend. We ended up in something called the Royal Banquet Hall. It was nothing Royal about it. Overpriced, overcrowded, noisy, dirty and bad food quality.
I'm back after 15 years. Plenty of new rides. The same lion king performance, philharmagic and golden mickey.
We were on a family vacation which included Hong Kong. This park is a little disappointing after having been to California and Florida. It's smaller with fewer rides and only 2 that had Fast Passes (Space Mountain and Winnie the Pooh). We had 2 days to spend there. But after the 1st day, my wife and 15 yr old son didn't want to go back. I took 2 toddlers by myself. By about 2 pm Winnie the Pooh Fast Passes were gone for both days. It's expensive to boot.
Was excited at the thought that as a family we were going on a trip to Disneyland, something I had always imagined of going to as a child, but even more so now with own children. Whilst Disneyland has certainly got some magical aspects to it, to be honest I was a tad dissapointed. Firstly I'm glad we didn't spend the extra money staying at the actual hotel, as one day was more than enough time to see the place. I felt the place lacked the effort which you often see depicted in adverts etc. we went on a Thursday after reading reviews regarding crowds on weekends, and I, glad that we did, as most rides etc had wait times of up to 30 mins, which at times can be difficult esp as I have two kids under age of 6. We saw only4 Disney characters walking around in costume (mickey Minnie, but you had to pay to see them), buzz light year and alice in wonderland who didn't even stop to talk to the children which was sad given the sheer excitement on many children's faces to see her. The main ride 'grizzly mountain, or mine ride' was closed for maintaince.Most rides were relatively tame in comparison to what kids can experience back home in aust. Prices very expensive esp for toys, but I guess you would expect that in Hong Kong overall.I'm gluten intolerant (coeliac) and found nothing available, so suggest you take your own food.Some great rides were space mountain and the jungle boat.Overall I guess whilst it was exciting catching the Disney train, seeing the Main Street and the ambience it provided, I felt that my money was much better spent at ocean park, which was a thoroughly enjoyable day and loads for the kids to see and do, both educationally and fun wise.
I wasn't expecting much so wasn't surprised at how small it is; it really is just a day out and if you usually like to whip round Disney you could totally do it in an afternoon! there are some great rides and also some which are better in other Disney parks round the world but it's all a bit of fun.Food was as usual very expensive especially compared to food out in HK; a mickey waffle is GBP  5 whereas out in Hong Kong a large meal at McDs costs about GBP  2.30 but what more could you expect from Disney?! It's fine to take snacks and water in with you.
I spent whole day there with my friends.  I love it, even the price is not that cheap.  Tip:  Don't forget to bring your water bottle.  Don't miss the shows there! It worths! ;)
It really nice if you bring the young kids together, and sure they will very enjoy the game and show.  But the food is too expensive.
If this was my first Disney experience it may have been different for me. It is much less expensive than Anaheim or Orlando but it is much smaller with far fewer attractions, many of which were closed when I was there. The gardens are lovely. I am glad I went, but probably won't return.
Great for family with kids. Although disney hongkong is much smaller than disneyland in the United States, even adults will enjoy the rides and shows. Just bring umbrella, water and hat during summer. Enjoy!
Let's be honest   as an adult, I am more impressed by the logistics required to pull off something like Disney thank the dressed up people and the rides.With my 6 year old in tow, we managed to get in the bigger rides (Space Mountain and the Canyon coaster) first thing, and then got in some of the indoor rides as the wind picked up.For reasons unknown to me (hurricane warning 3) they shut down all the rides in the afternoon. It was, at most, a little windy    I've been to the Florida Disneyworld where a line of thunderstorms shuts everything down for 15 minutes and then everything opens again.The best part was the surrealism of being in Main Street, USA    with most of the signs also in Chinese. Try the Mickey Mouse ear ice cream bar. It's 30% smaller than the US version!
Before turning 30, I visited HongKong Disneyland and I thought that I would not get excited and giddy since I feel old already. To my amazement, the magic of Disney never fails in bringing out the kid in you. I had a blast going around the area, I rode rides that scare the life of me but it was all worth it although I would not try some of them again. My calves hurt, my smile was from ear to ear, my heart was beating fast and it was full of precious memories since I spent my day here with my Bear and his friends.
It's best for 14 years old and below, not for everyone. But the rides and attractions are great, plus parade is awesome. Fireworks are so so especially if you've seen pyro olympics. As expected food and beverage are expensive. What ruined our trip, though, was the prevalence of rude tourists who have the habit of queue jumping. And in our six hour stay there I have seen a couple of fights from different tourists. Literally shouting. Very bad sight for kids. I have been hearing things like this about HK Disneyland from other people. I am not sure though if Disneyland can do something about it. Best place to visit in November to February; comfy weather.
Awesome Place, kids and adults will definitely enjoy this place, Very busy place, the q's are long but worth it especially the theatres, the Mickey 3D, everything is fantastic, all the Disney characters are just Perfect. 2 days pass is not enough. Will definitely coming back here.
Took my kids 10 & 12   definitely not as action packed as the one in LA... Probably better off if u have younger kids.  Wasn't crowded at all so lines weren't an issue.  If u have older kids head over to Ocean Park.
Have visited Disneyland Paris and i felt Hongkong Disneyland was a bit disappointing for me. The good part was the parade in the evening which was excellent.
We bring our 3 year old & 1 year old son to disney both of them have an enjoyable day. Some of the rides have very long queue but overall is ok. Definitely will come again next time. :)
If you are travelling to Hong Kong with your Family, Friends or Spouse you should not miss this place. It is a must visit for those people who cannot travel to Paris or US Disneyland. It is not only for Kids but for all age groups.
We went to disney hong kong as a lot of people say is very nice. We went on monday which was a good choice because it was not busy. When we came in and arrived at main street i excpected that this where real buildings but most of them are just front panels with on top plastic printed canvas looked cheap. As we are a family of 3 and our kid is 11 years old he looks for rides but all in all there where maybe 8 or 10 rides which he likes or are fun for him. We Walked all the park and within 4 hours you seen every thing. You would think the disney figures would walk the park but no. Also most of the buildings are either food kiosk, restaurants or souvinier shops. The best area is adventure land which is setup nicely. If you are in hong kong and you want to go to attraction go to ocean park much better. For the price 499 for adult it was a disapointment
Our daughter love the place so much. We have a great time there. We visit the park on Monday, we thought weekday should be less crowded but we were wrong. It was still very crowded and long queue every where. But we still manage to enjoy the park. We will return to the park for our next visit.
A trip to Disney is fun anywhere in the world, but I especially love the HK park. Yes it's the smallest in the world, but that makes it manageable to do in one day. It's easy to get on almost all rides in one day and still fit in plenty of time for shopping. It has my favorite version of Its a Small World in the world and love all the other Disney character references throughout. Eat some character dim sum while you're there and enjoy the fireworks show   also one of my favorites!
Visited on the last day of our holiday in Hong Kong. I love that it is a smaller Disneyland than other ones around the world so easily covered in a few hours. I recommend visiting early during the weekdays to avoid lines (the longest we had to wait was 10 min). Food was more expensive than usual places but that is to be expected from a place like this. The rides are really good too   especially Space Mountain and Grizzly Gulch!
Best theme park for family especially for kids  Very easy to get there  For bad, the food is to expensive
With my wife we took our yonugest to HK Disney for teh firt time and she loved it.We when Tuesday Wednesdaya nd that worked as the queues were minimla and we could walk aroudn without the preseure of long waits.The weaterh in early April is also good as in teh sumemr it would be very hot. Teh park is msall but the better for it. The food choice was ok, Cantonese, gnerla Chinese, western. I as an adult was surprise taht teh magic castle was only a single story with a picture fasard
Smaller than Tokyo Disneyland but still amazing. My 5 year old son enjoyed himself the most. So did myself and my folks. My folks are already in their 60s but the happiest place on earth managed to put smiles on their faces. The entire atmosphere is happy, facilities for the disabled and elderly are ever ready, service crew is friendly, parade is awesome, rides are incredible, weather is just nice and food is tasty albeit expensive. Highly recommend this for families with kids and on budget.
Been to Florida Disneyland as a teen,but I'm grateful for this smaller and more manageable version,as a parent.Perhaps,I shouldn't compare...In its own entirety,its a wonderful experience.The rides and shows all have that special Disney magic,so whatever your age,regardless,its bound to bring out the child in you to build special memories with your family.If you go early,you'll definitely finish it in a day,especially on weekdays.
We got in at 9:30 am so were able to meet mostly all the characters specially the princesses before it got crowded. The park is very small and mainly for children below 8. Space Mountain is the only ride that older kids would really enjoy along with a couple of rides in Adventureland. The Lion King show is very nice and not to be missed. Was disappointed with Mickey's golden Mickeys show as it was in Chinese and so were some others. Food available here is very average. Caramel popcorns were nice. Gives a very average Disney Experience.
The day we traveled was Wednesday and the most thrilling ride the mountain ride was closed for maintenance. It wasn't too crowded so we enjoyed almost all the rides peacefully. The night light parade was very good.
I reached Disney land after 4pm so i didnt take a ride inside the park but spend time outside. Still there are lot to see around Disney.. And the entry fee for the Disney land was costly   $500 and i felt not value for me since i reached late. If you get a chance, walk to the river side and enjoy beautiful view of hongKong islands from there and the view of Disneyland resorts as well.
Compared to Orlando, California and Paris, Hong Kong Disneyland is a really small parks. You won`t find a lot of the typical rides in other parks. There is no Cinderellas Castle, it is more like a painted wall. The worst is the PHOTOPASS: unlike all the others Disney Parks is that you have only 24 hours to retrieve and buy your photos, not the 30 days given in the other Disney parks. So we went all the way from Costa Rica, and we realized that we lost all our memories just when we came home. They must save all the photos more time like the other Disney Parks.
I have never been to any other Disneyland. Thats probably one of the key reasons why I enjoyed the day there. Right from the time you board the disney themed MTR train, to the sleeping beauty castle to the themed rides. Everything is designed to bring out the kid in you. Go enjoy the rides with the characters you grew up dreaming of... The whole park is small and does not really take full day to explore, but then we thoroughly enjoyed multiple trips on our favourite rides :)
Awesome place to go in Hong kong. Little expensive but has lots of rides and beautiful castles inside.It will be a full day program here
I would like to start off by saying that I am a Disney themepark lover! I must say that Hong Kong Disney is undeniably smaller than any other Disney that I've gone to (DL Cali, DW FL, DL TK, DS TK) , I am glad that I went! When you visit, come with an open mind. You won't get all of the rides that there is in Florida, but the lines are a lot smaller   which made my trip more enjoyable. When I went, on a Wednesday, I rode Space Mountain like 10 times with the luxury of only having a 5 minute wait! That is unheard of in Disney World. The longest line was about a 45 min wait, and that was for the go cart things. Not so shabby compared to the 2 hour wait minimum for a ride at the bigger parks. It has it's perks. Also, compared to Disney Sea  Disneyland Tokyo, I am pleased to say that the shows and the parade is in English! YES! It just made it that much more enjoyable. :)
I had went to Disney land in 2012 june it was a really a great experience all the rides and 3d,4d shows are wonderfull  it was not easy to see it in one  day  it is amazing
An amazing experience for kids, esp of this is their first taste of a Disney theme park. Brilliant rides and an absolute must visit if you are in HK. The nice thing about this theme park is that it is not as bog as some of the ones in the US, so it is well suited for younger children too.
We visited on a Monday and avoided the crowd of people we saw going there on the Sunday. A Small Park but you would still need all day to see and do everything the park has to offer. Stayed at Disney Hollywood Hotel so getting there was a breeze there is a shuttle bus every 10 15 min. enjoyed our trip but looking forward to Ocean Park next.
Visited Disneyland Hong Kong last week.Missed out a number of important things such as run away mine train, lion king show and slinky ride at toy story land due to maintanence.And we notice that the roof of castle is made of some board like thingy (probably due to maintanence as well) which make the whole castle looks weird, so all our photos looks weird as well. Disappointed.
We went in jan 2015 with 3 & 2year old daughters. we also stayed in disneyland hollywood hotel nd took buffet breakfast with mickey. Overall experience is like just ok not worth for money. It meight be bcos we came from singapore where we have lot more option nd process nd quality concerned. Hotel room also disneyland too small. Its more of girlish games That too for small kids. For teen kids nothing attractive.not worth for 2 days.most part is coverd with shopping dining area than kids attraction. Best part is all crew in disneyland know english nd guids friendly. Indian veg food available. ALL shows, fantacy parade nd night fireworks r good.
The courtesy extended by the attendants is unparalleled in the world. They make you feel so comfortable that you don't feel alien and left out there.
I believe this is one of the main attraction you just had to visit while you're in Hong Kong. My wife and I grew with Disney movies, so it was our long time dream to visit Disneyland, and it doesn't disappoint. However, if you plan to visit all the ride and attractions, you better came here early in the morning, especially if you came with little children. We came a little late at lunchtime, and we ran out of time to visit all the ride and attractions.Oh, and please stay until the park closes, the Disneyland's signature firework shows are something you wouldn't want to miss!
We booked our 2days pass tickets in UK via the web site before our holiday in HK. It's really for our 3year old daughter as I've been to the one in Paris and Florida and thought it would be nice to spend some family time in a magical place.Good job we got a 2days pass as the following attractions rides were out of order: lion king show, run away mine train and slinky ride at toy story land. Hopefully lion king show will be available on our 2nd visit.Didn't realise you have to obtain some form of token to be able to join the queue to take photos with the Frozen characters so when we arrive at the area at 2pm we were told all token pass for the day have been all given out and we will have to come back another day.Fingers cross we can get a token on our 2nd visit tomorrow. Overall the Disney experience isn't one of my best in HK, and the park isn't big enough to spend a whole day with the family.
We first visited Disneyland in 2005 when it first opened and love it. This time we returned with our 5 month old son and had a fantastic time. For all those parents out there the baby facilities are great, ample baby changing and feeding rooms throughout the park. Our son loved all of the characters especially Buzz Light year and the  it's a small world  ride.
We went here two days before Christmas and it was a wonderful day. The special train that connects to the MTR (subway) has Mickey Mouse ear shaped windows and character displays inside. The park is Disney clean and beautiful and the familiar attractions are made more charming by the Chinese additions, such as local food in the Fantasyland restaurant. Seeing the Chinese singers and dancers in the Electrical Parade was a reminder that the creativity and joy of Disney is a global treasure. The two hotels are also very nice. The one is Victorian styled and has a restaurant called  Walt's Cafe  that has a warm feeling with exceptional service.
I am in a wheelchair and have been for two and a half years. I have always been a  big kid  and love Disneyland in HK and Anaheim, and similar theme parks, rides (the wilder the better) and just having fun. I was able to go on every ride that I wanted to, including roller coasters such as Grizzly gulch mountain, a relatively new ride. On every ride there is disabled access, I am able to transfer out of the chair onto rides, and staff help by having the chair waiting at the end. I had one of the best days I have had since I have been in the chair. To do things you thought you'd never be able to do again is a feeling you will not be able to understand. Disney is magic. Next trip to HK, I will be back.
Loved HK Disneyland   similar to other ones around the world we had a marvellous time here. We liked that the layout was very familiar. Initially worried about the long line ups as we were told that people jump the ques and are rude and impatient. However, we found this to be not the case. There were no lines and people were pretty good about waiting their turn. We had a marvellous time, but honestly recommend going midweek. Probably the best planning done for my trip to Hong Kong. If you plan on seeing shows, be sure to pay attention to the show times as there are English showtimes but very few (unless of course you speak Cantonese). Have fun!
Loved Disney land, plenty there.... The one thing I could not bare.... Was the sheer ignorance of the adults not letting the kids to the front to see the shows etc.. Also the umbrella's!! I get that they don't like the sun on them but my god the amount of times Me & my family almost lost an eye is a joke! Surely this could be controlled?  However putting the umbrella's aside, food was nice. My daughter loved the rides. It filled a day.
Went here with my girlfriend and forgot all the issues we had. A good place. Nice fireworks. Over priced foods.
Having been to Disneyland in California and Disney World, I have possibly been a little spoilt.Hong Kong Disney was a 3 4 sized park, so it lacked some of the rides and attractions you would normally expect.It is still beautifully maintained and well presented and run. To be fair it probably caters more for younger kids 3 to 8 years, than older kids adults.The centre piece, being the Disneys Princess Castle was more painting than actual castle, so that gives you an idea of what this park is about.It is still lots of fun and I would recommend it is you are in Hong Kong looking for something to do.
Being of the older generation I can say I had the time of my life. To be part of the atmosphere and visiting all the park had to offer and of course having an odd ride on a few of the attractions I felt like a kid again. The most memorable was The Lion King show it was a spectacular production, more than I had expected and of course the Grand Parade and much, much more. I guess you could say I enjoyed my day at Disneyland
It's the easiest Disneyland we can get from China, Its not as big as other countries but still can get fun love and dream.
HK Disneyland has a relatively small amount of rides compared to other amusement parks. It will be amusing for children till the age of 12 maybe, but teenagers will not find it fun. Most you will need to spend is around 3 hours at the park.
Everything's the same,except there is more Chinese food available. It is a place for the Asian family entertainment market. If you have been to either location in California or Florida, it will be familiar to you. However, for kids each time is wonderful and a new experience. This is a place for kids ,and if the adults have never been to a Disneyland,it is well worth the time spent.
The place is smaller than the U.S. ones. Older children would get bored quickly here. The environment is quite nice and green for Hk. Overall not a bad day
Frankly speaking this was my first time to Disneyland and it was an enjoyable one at that. The rides were great, not very scary as Disneyland is supposed to be a land for the kids. Spend an entire day there with my friends, riding most rides. It was a reminisce of my childhood days with the Disney characters around. I would definitely bring my children here one day in the future.
Having coincidentally visited California Disneyland just a few months ago, it was fun to compare and contrast the 2 parks. HK Disneyland is quite a bit smaller than CA Disneyland, and the crowds were much less and the overall feeling was much less frantic. We enjoyed some differences in classic rides and the Chinese feel overall.
We actually went in December 2013. Loved it. It's great for younger kids who still love Disney. Spent half a day there from 3pm until the fireworks and closing at 930pm. Great outing for the family.
We saw the parade in the afternoon (3:00 pm) and at night (7:30 pm), as well as the fireworks (8:30 pm). It was a sight to watch!! Once in a lifetime experience. The parade at night was so much more beautiful because of the lighting! The rides were good and my daughters had a ball getting their pictures clicked with their favourite characters (Snowhite, Cinderella, Rapunzel, Sleeping Beauty etc) in flesh and blood!!!
Dislike: a good 20 minutes walk from the hotel shuttle to the main entrance. If you have young kids  be prepared with a stroller. Or else, be prepared to piggy back them on the way back since you can only rent the strollers inside the park. Some of the restrooms were so spotlessly clean to the point of sparkling (really impressive) while some were not with toilet paper thrown everywhere. The clean ones on the other hand... you could almost use the toilet seat as a mirror! It's amazingly clean!Q was ok  not too bad in the morning. Gets pretty long 12pm onwards. Character greetings takes up a lot of time to Q too. So you need to plan well.Likes: Small park  brilliant for young kids of age 10 and below. For the young at heart, it's mildly entertaining. Even if you are not a Disney fan, it's not that bad. Just chill and just enjoy the rides, parades etc. It's pretty cool.
Go if you have not been to Japan and USA, want to experience a shot of Disneyland. There are nice souveniers to buy.But I would not want to go again for a second time.Perhaps I had too much expectation of what is called DisneyLand, but ended up rather disappointing.Firstly, the rides are not fabulous. If you wish to chill, there are not many food kiosks to choose from.Pancakes are priced quite steep. Huge foodcourt, but self service and can't get a seating.
While this is our first Disney experience it was a good one to start with. My 8year old granddaughter was able to navigate her way around the park and go from ride to ride and world to world a few times throughout the day. She was also able to ride by herself when I did not want to go for for the 5th time in a row. We loved the the magic of the street parade as a fitting climax to a great day out.
We were very disappointed with the fake Cinderella painted on cardboard... It really spoiled the experience (and our pictures) for our trip... Shame on you HK Disneyland, that is just not right, with all the money you make, the least you can do is have a proper castle as the center of your park!
I think this place is suitable for children. When I was there, I have to queue about (each) 45 minutes to take photo with Minnie and Mickey. The fireworks usually starts at 9PM at the castle, but I disapointed with the castle, because the top of the castle is not real building, it is like big paint. Fortunately, the transportation to go there is well prepared.
I'm 21 and I loved it, still.The best suggestion I can give is that you visit on a weekday. I went on a Friday and the lines weren't long at all. The most waiting my friend and I had to do was, at the most, ten minutes.Before 9pm, people will start gathering by Main Street for the fireworks so you can easily get a ride all to yourself. No one else was riding RC Racer by that time so the cast members were kind enough to just let us sit on the ride instead of getting off every single turn!(My favourite rides were RC Racer, Mystic Manor and Grizzly Mountain!)It was an fun and excellent visit. I would greatly recommend you spend a day in HK Disneyland.
I enjoyed a day at Disney Land Hong Kong with my kids ! It was really fun but I have to admit it was pretty crowded and it's located in a pretty remote area, so it takes a while to get there... But a good place overall
Loved this place our first every Disneyland visit.  Everything was very clean and well organised and great rides
In a never ending quest to visit all the Disney parks, we can now cross Hong Kong Disneyland off the list.I had low expectations but Disney absolutely delivers. We visited on a weekday in March   probably a good time to visit I would guess. But I was surprised by how few people were in the park. One ride had a 15 minute wait but virtually everything else was five minutes. I'm sure there are busy times of the year for the park but this certainly was not one of them.Disney does a great job of capturing the spirit of Disney. Once in the park you are captive to their imagery and everything is controlled (nothing left to chance).We LOVED the Mythic Manor ride   went on that twice. There are no  high end  roller coasters or extreme rides (Towner of Terror or Everest or Rockin' Roller Coaster as examples), but the park is very clean and big enough to enjoy a fun day.
Nothing like Disneyland USA, if you are an adult. Is still good for small children, as there are plenty of kids rides and characters for them to see and do.A little disappointed at the rides aimed at adult children.. maybe 4 in total. Very dissappointed that the train around the outside of the park was closed, due to  Iron Man  being built!
Small but nice. Went late on a Monday evening. Park closes at 8:30PM. I arrived around 4PM. Cost is about 400HK each to enter. Once in, found this was best time to go. No lines, everything was very quick. Space Mountain wait was about 15 minutes. Completed 4 of the best rides in less than 2 hours. For those that know how long it takes, this is very quick. I was done in 4 hours and toot the train back to Hong Kong.
The day we went was very, very hot. So it wasn't too crowded. It was great, but smaller than I thought   but still very good. As with all amusement parks, dress comfy and pack sunscreen and a hat. The lunchtime parade was great, though there were not any characters walking around during the day   just because I had a 1 year old I was looking for that   maybe it was the heat. The fireworks in the evening were magical. Truly a one in a lifetime experience to enjoy with the family and friends! The hotel is amazing, the buffett dinner wonderful!
Having been to Disney World in the US many times, I wasn't quite sure about taking our nephews to Hong Kong Disneyland and we were extremely impressed once we got there. Other than the fake castle, everything else is impeccably done, the rides are great and the park is the perfect size for a full day. there is a good mix of rides for small children, older children and adults teens. The biggest disappointment is that there aren't fast passes for many rides so plan ahead of you are going on the weekend or a public holiday and go to the rides you want first. It's a Small World is the best ride and it is even better than the US. Space mountain was also great although shorter than the US. Make sure you take advantage of the shows as they are better than the US parks and the parade, although short, was a hit with the kids (ages 2 & 4).
It was Chinese New Year when we visited HK Disneyland (February 19, 2015). Before our trip, we already purchased our entrance tickets (online thru asiatravel.com). The tickets we bought online was bundled with Ocean Park entrance tickets. We get to save a total of HKD69 for each adults. We used the auto magic ticket machines to claim our tickets. It's faster (since there is no line) compared to buying tickets at the booth. Since its CNY, the Disney characters were dressed in their special CNY costumes (that time it's color green). When visiting Disneyland, one should not miss having their picture taken with a Disney character, particularly Mickey and Minnie Mouse. So even though the line and waiting time was quite long, we managed to have our photos taken with our fave Disney Characters. The Golden Mickey Show shouldn't be missed also, we went there 30 mins. before the show starts so we get to have a good seat. My 5 year old son really enjoyed the show. He was overwhelmed to see his fave Disney Characters performing live. We left the park a little early because my son was already tired but we still get to see the Flight of Fantasies Parade with all the cast and characters in their floats. Although we missed watching the fireworks display at the sleeping beauty castle and the paint the night parade, it was indeed a memorable day for the whole family. Hope to be back again.
it was really magical, i really loved the parade and water play it was fun, i went on one of those rides can't remember the name and it was really going very fast, i was so scared that i felt like throwing up, it was after the ride that i discovered it was not meant for people that were hypertensive as your blood pressure could go up, but we had a really lovely time here
For our last in Hong Kong we choose Disneyland and I'm happy we did. at the beginning I was thinking it's only for kids but the truth is we saw a lot of elders there and couples. You never stop being a child inside. We loved the golden Mickey awards show, the performers were really good. The show is planned in details with fireworks and bubbles coming from the sealing. For children must be amazing. We payed 500 HK$ per person for full day access, which was ok. Some rides were so good we went twice like train thru the mountain. I mean you must try everything you will love it. The queue for the pictures with Mickey was long so did not wait to have a picture with them but now I regret I don't have it. I'm looking forward for another Disneyland adventure in the different country.
Had gone here during the summer month of July. The park was awesome great rides, atmosphere and crowd. However, it started pouring heavily, and we got completely drenched. They shut off the rides as a result. Later they resumed the same but some of the rides remained shut throughout the day. So advice to check the weather before going. Its a great time for kids as well as adults especially the Disney characters and the parade are awesome cant say enough about the fireworks, its a true delight and a must watch.
From the moment I boarded the Disney branch of the MTR with its Mickey Mouse head shaped windows and hanging straps, I was 65 years younger. And that feeling never left me throughout the entire day. The entire park is beautifully set out with plenty of rides, loads of attentive staff, and something to catch the eye at every turn. My four year old granddaughter was enchanted   but no more so than was I.Of course there were queues for the attractions   but the queues were brilliantly handled by skilful staff. Of course it was exhausting   but you didn't realise this until you left. Of course you didn't see enough or try enough of everything ..... but there is always another visit. I certainly intended that there will be another for me!
Even though it is the smaller theme park among the rest of the disneyland, it was worth spending a day here. Things sold here are not that expensive compared to the disneyland in Japan. Try to go on a weekday. But queues were still quite long with a average queuing time of 30 45 mins.
Suitable for all ages. Everyone will enjoy and will feel the magic of Disneyland. My son really enjoyed the Golden Mickey show.
We had a wonderful experience for our first Disneyland visit. It was Chinese New Year when we were there, but we saw heaps. The Grand Parade was out of this world and catered for young and old. We took the train ride which gives you an overview of pretty much everything.
Happiest place on Earth indeed! I forgot that Im 19 already! Hahaha! That fireworks mesmerized me. Teacup ride made me laugh. And the parade made me smile big, wave to the princesses and shout out my heart! How I wish I could go back in there again.
To put this in context   we're older customers. Not kids. But love Disney and the parks. So we wanted to try this place as we were in HK and it's only 30mins from the city.Overall, not busy at all. Visited mid week and was amazed how few people there were. Zero lines for the rides and no general sense of excitement as per the other parks in the world. Very odd. The general scale of the whole park is low and compact. Main Street seemed like a scaled back version of the original. The Castle is tiny!The Chinese visitors don't seem to want to try the 'aggressive rides' (Space Mountain etc) and appeared to meander around the place in awe. The rides are just the old favourites, given a slight spin or name change; the exceptions being the ToyStory Land ones...but there are no 'grown up' rides at all. We managed to do most of the rides at least 2 times and were in the park a total of 4hrs. The staff generally were lacking any sparkle and most were yawning. Least enjoyable Disney experience.
The theme park is probably the smallest Disneyland in the world but it is easy to navigate and the waiting time is reasonable. But avoid going there on Hong Kong or Mainland Chinese holidays!
First time to Disney HK and it was overall a fun experience. Surprisingly not too crowded, especially considering that I went on a Saturday. Highlight was the night parade. Having been to 2 other Disneylands, this was a unique experience for me. The Golden Mickeys and the fireworks were also fantastic.Lots of Mainland Chinese tourists though, so forget about having your personal space in the queues...
Hong Kong disneyland was my first ever disneyland and it was wonderful! Heard hong kong disneyland was smaller compare to others disneyland but who's care because i'm still having so much fun! Stayed at the park morning 10am till the night of 8pm. Watched the wonderful firework that last roughly about 20 minutes and definitely must watch firework. But the only things that disappoint me was the refurbishing of sleeping beauty castle. They just replace it with a cardboard of the castle which look not so nice compare to the real castle. It was my first ever disneyland and i was hoping high on the beauty of the castle.But that doesnt ruin my mood actually and i'm still having a super great time. Tried all their rides, go to all their parks and q ing for the photograph of all the disney character. Love winnie the pooh among all. Must go toy story land for a lot of fun times. Food are not cheap over there but you can bring your own water or snacks in case if you bring small kids with you.I will definitely go again when i have a chance to go hong kong again. Worth your time and money. Trust me that you will never regret! and be sure to wait their parade & also their firework at 8pm!
Been to Hong Kong Disneyland twice. First was in 2007 and the second time was 2014. It was the most happiest days, as a kid i really dream of coming to Disneyland and it do came true. It was an amazing experienced. Although their rides are mostly for kids, adults can enjoy too. Love their fireworks. Fireworks are their finale before closing except during rainy days. The parades of characters such as Mickey and friends; and princesses are the main attraction. The place offers joy not only for kids but also for adults.
When we visted this park last year, it was fun, and the rides like the RC racer are thrilling and exciting. Overall,I'd like to visit here again
when we visited disneyland i always do remember the song  it's a small world after all  played from one of the rides. firstly, it is smaller compared to disneyland, CA and very much tiny compared to Disneyworld. it was on christmas day we got to explore the place. it was a very festive day and a lot of christmas songs played and there were song and dance number presentation at night. we got to enjoy the snow foams that got showered and it was fun. the facilities were okay and the food was okay too. we didn't go to shopping for souvenirs and part of being in disneyland brought our happy thoughts when watching disney movies and remembering it. i was disappointed with the staffs of disneyland and is that they don't speak english at all to tourists for every rides we get to visit. whenever they tried to explain to you or gave you a tour, they just speak chinese. not every tourist that visits disneyland HK speaks chinese. it would be proper to speak in english.
This was my first Disneyland so luckily I didn't suffer the diss appointment that Florida visitors suffered. The longest I had to wait in a queue was 10 minutes, the queues were longer at character meetings than anything else. The grizzly gulch and toy car ride from toy story were amazing. As were Winnie the Pooh and space mountain(I think that's the name) but the absolute best ride was mystic manor. It was amazing! I was very surprised at the lack of queues for rides, I don't know if it's because we went on a Monday? The downsides were that we were done by 3pm so didn't wait around another 6 hours for the fireworks, and the lack of characters in the park. We saw 2 princesses, minnie, Mickey, Donald, Pluto, goofy, buzz and woody & Jessie. It might sound quite a bit but compared to all the characters who came out for the afternoon parade, it was only a fraction.they also could have more of a food variety
Fun, but small compared to parks in Anaheim, Tokyo and, of course, massive Orlando. Getting there is a snap from the mainland.
I've been here twice already. So I get a bit of a comparison. Attraction wise not much have changed since my first visit around 5 years before. So it seems that HK Disneyland does not progress very quick. It even has less entertainment going now. Previously there are lots more entertainers going about the park, such as the princesses taking photos with the kids, bands using garbage can, guys on stilts, and so on. The second time, we only got Chip right beside the entrance taking photo, and later on Stitch in the area. No other entertainer met during our whole day there. and it seems a massive decrease of entertainers compared to 5 years ago. That's a let down for us and our kids, since we are hoping to meet a lot of characters from the Disney World.But the real problem lies in the queues. On average we need around 30 40minutes queuing time for each ride. and there are no express lane. there is a system of gaining a fast pass ticket for some of the more popular rides, where it states at what time you should get back to have fast entry to the rides. although this is quite good, the problem is you cannot get any other fast pass before the one you held earlier expires... this is a major problem. For example, I took a fast pas on 12pm, and the fast pass state that I need to get back to the ride at 2.30 3.30pm. now this is definitely too long (2,5 hours) so I need to get back to the ride at 2.30pm and ride it (or wait until it expires at 3.30pm) before I can take another fast pass to another ride. you can imagine if I take another fast pass at 2.30pm it will require me to get back again at 4pm. that is too long. and in the meantime via the regular queue we still have to stand in line for 40 minutes each. I spent too much effort while i was there trying to be effective with my time there. I NEED to be effective since I'm there with small children (as with everyone else). after 3 times queuing for 40 minutes each, children will get cranky for taking so long to ride just one attraction. We also got an incident with another group of people that try to cut our queue. We were there patiently waiting in line and trying our best to control our children so that they can also wait patiently in line, and then another family (that doesn't speak English too well) tried to cut in front of us. that is the last straw and we had a scene. although this is not Disneyland direct fault, they should have staff and attention board to notify that everybody should queue in line and may not cut in front of anybody else. this is particularly needed since the influx of non English speaking tourists that tends to also have no decent manners in modern society.overall, Disneyland Hong Kong should not use the tag line  happiest place in the world  anymore. We are definitely not happy while there.
Spending two days is recommended. Though we went on weekdays there was quite a rush and queues for rides
Took my 10  year old daughter and 6  year old son to HK Disneyland in Nov 2014 as part of a week long vacation to HK. Booked for the 2 day package more by accident and realised what a good decision it had been on hind sight. Had a great time with kids across a wide range of themes. Be prepared to do a lot of waiting & walking!
It is so much smaller than the Orlando park, and the queues are longer. It is ok but not sure we'll go back with the kids even though we live here.
Our two year old absolutely loved his visit here. I know a lot of people make a point of saying the rides are suited for younger children; however, for children less than seven years of age I think this park is absolutely spot on. We spent the whole day there even though the weather wasn't that great. For the whole day our son had a smile on his face, starting with the Disneyland train that connects from the MTR, which has Mickey Mouse shaped windows and handles for passengers to hold onto. In particular, our son enjoyed Toy Story Land and Tomorrowland and his highlight was meeting Buzz and having his picture taken. Food was surprisingly less Western than expected (not a problem for us) yet it was of the usual average theme park quality that nearly all theme parks (the world over) seem to suffer from!
Hong Kong DISNEYLAND is the Best destination for the Kids as well as Adults.  This place is full of amazing rides, Disney cartoons, Gifts, Toys and many many more this that cannot be expressed is word.
It is the first theme park located inside the Hong Kong Disneyland Resort and is owned and managed by the Hong Kong International Theme Parks. It is, together with Ocean Park Hong Kong, one of the two large theme parks in Hong Kong. Hong Kong Disneyland opened to visitors on Monday, 12 September 2005 at 13:00. Disney attempted to avoid problems of cultural backlash by attempting to incorporate Chinese culture, customs, and traditions when designing and building the resort, including adherence to the rules of feng shui. For instance, a bend was put in a walkway near the Hong Kong Disneyland Resort entrance so good qi energy wouldn't flow into the South China Sea
We were not you everyday visitors   no kids or grandkids along for the ride   but had a great day wandering around, reliving some childhood Disney memories and some neck crunching rollercoaster rides. Picked a good day as we didn't need to queue for a ride longer than 10 minutes all day. A fun day out.
Hong Kong Disneyland has a good selection of live shows and equally interesting rides highly recommended for kids and adults alike. Shows like the Flights of Fantasy Parade at 3PM and Fireworks at 8PM & Festival of Lion King are not to be missed. But please be prudent and check the day calendar provided on the Disneyland Website before visiting because often some shows remain closed cancelled. For eg, Paint the Night Parade was cancelled on the day of our visit and so were a couple of other rides.Disneyland provides a good & lively ambiance and the rides are modeled on the different themes. Almost all rides can be enjoyed with your little ones as young as 4 years of age. But if you are looking for no nonsence thrilling rides , then head straight for Ocean Park. Also, the food at the park is very expensive. So it is wise to carry home stuff and have a nice meal sitting at any one of the numerous scenic place at the park. Caramel popcorn is a must try. Vegetarian set meal is only available at The Tahitian Place restaurant in the park   highly recommended for dinner after a long & tiring day at the park. Approx cost HKD110 for a set meal   enough for 2 person.The park is well connected with MTR. The MTR running between the Sunny Bay station and Disney land station is also modeled on the Disney themed. Overall, park size is not very big. We started at 2PM and were able to cover almost all the rides and shows. But of course, you should start early in the day so as to soak in every bit of the disney magic.
Better go there on Monday to Thursday as usually there would be fewer people. Get there earlier to make sure you can get the fast pass for some popular games. If you have more time or you stay at the resort, going to the inspiration lake at the resort is a good idea. You can ride a water bicycle     stop the service at about 5 pm    better check at their official site before    and enjoy the view. The baby care centre is near the american street    about 5 10 mins walk from the entrance.
It was my honeymoon and choosing a place was difficult. While budget, distance, safety and attraction were some of the reasons while looking for a destination; i was also looking to get city experience. Having seen, mountains, beach, forrest and wildlife in my home country India, it was time to see some skyscrappers and thus, i had for Hong Kong & Macau. I flew from New Delhi   Singapore   Hong Kong with Singapore Airlines. Upon my arrival at Hong Kong airport, we went through the channel for ferry to Macau. Bought the tickets at the airport and paid a little extra for our baggage which was to automatically get transferred to ferry. This helped us from any incovenience to collect it from the belt and drag it to the ferry terminal. We waited for sometime and then boarded the ferry. Hong Kong airport is small as compared to any big city but is convenient. I will write another article about my experience in Macau and thus, will now jump to the time when i arrived by ferry from Macu to Hong Kong. Adjoining the ferry terminal in Hong Kong are the terminals whre fisherman unload thier catch. Thus, for those who are vegetarian like me, the smell can be unpleasing. The visa is on arrival and is free. My wife and I were being briefly quetioned by an official who checked ou documentation and our itinerary and hotel reservations. From the terminal we boarded the MTR (tube) which is very convenient and affordable. There are sections from where people with baggage can make an entry and exit as they are wider than normal. Also, ideally people carrying baggage ust take lift and not escalators. Language is a problem when interacting with locals but signages and instructions across Hong Kong is diplayed in English. We checked in Regal Riverside hotel in Shatin which is a quite place away from cmain city. The hotel oversees the river which was a good thing for us. The rooms in the hotel were small just like any other hotel in Hong Kog but good enough for our 5 night stay. On the first day we took MTR and went to the temple street night market. Basically the night market and ladies market and next to each other and sell almost the same stuff at the similar price. Though called as night market, it actually is an evening market which is up till 2300 2330 hours. The first copy of brands and their price astonished us. We liked the market so much that on our 5 night stay, we visited the market evry evening and shopped goods worth USD650 from this flea market. Pen drives are very checp but not all of them will actually work. Clothes, bags, shoes, watches can be bought without hesitation. It is advised to bargain a little in the market. I also got my moles removed in just 15 minutes from a chinese lady. It is effectve and has no side effects. Too goog to be true but indeed it is true and whatever the lady advertises is true. The next day we too MTR and went to disneyland. Disneyland is huge and fireshow in the evening is a must.I forgot to menion this but one should buy MRT card from the airport for ease in travelling in MRT which is spready across Hong Kong. While returning the card can be retunred and security depositi refunded in cash. Though small adminitrative charge is deducted.on third day we headed to victira peak followed by Madam Tussad. We bought Tussads and tram return ticket from the tram office. There is a viewing deck which primarily is the top floor of the mll. Buy it only on a clear day else the view is same as it is from inside the mall (which is free).Day four was spent at the victoriaharbour, at 2000 hours everyda there is a laser show which can be seen. It is average though. we spnet good time at the promenade and clicked many pictures. On our last day we went to Ngong Ping village via cable car. If visiting it is advised to buy tickets online as there was huge queue when we visied. It was Sunday as well so that could be one of the reasons for the rush. We bought tickets for retuen normal cable car. There are tickets for cable car which has clear bottom for betterview but I personally dd not find worth paying extra for that. The cable ca journey is around 20 minutes and view is fantastic. The llage has a huge Buddha statu which is the main attraction and has a temple too.Hong Kong city is good to be covered in 5 7 days and not to be planned anything less than that. I missed to take the river cruise at the victoria harbour since could not buy tickets. So if at Victoria Harbour, buy the tickets in advance. The ity is awake round the clock and is very safe. Well connected by buses and MRT and therefore, one should not spend on taxi unless willing to splurge. Must see is Victoria Harbour and river cruise, Disneyland, Madam Tussad, Temple street night market, Ngong Ping Village,
If you come to Disneyland and don't enjoy it there's no hope for you. We've been at various times, never had to queue too long and enjoyed each ride.If you are in Hong King for a week buy the two day pass.We especially enjoyed the Lion King show.
This is the smallest of the Disney parks. It has approx. 20 rides or so. Very clean, and alot of food options, many more than other parks. You really only need 5 hours or so, to kind of get a feel and ride on the majority of the rides. I went by myself as a free night on a business trip before coming home. It is very close to the airport ($15 cab ride) so it was a fun diversion. i got there at 5:30pm. It was not very crowded and i got on most rides in less than 5 minutes. I highly recommend the Big Grizzley mountian train coaster, different than any other park coaster and way fun! I went on about half the rides, Mystic Manor is also a differnt twist on haunted mansion type ride, with newer technology and less scary for the kiddies. My only negitive was shopping on Main Street before the fireworks, very, very, very crowded and the merch was not as good as here. Food at Tahitian Terrace was yummy and lots of tiki decor. Toy Story Land was different too. Firework show is very good, but the trek to leave with everyone else is a bit stressful.I have been to tokyo park as well, and i think this (HK) was nicer.
This was my fourth time in HK Disneyland and it was always better and better every time I came back. More attractions were provided here. This time I was so happy with the Toy Story land, Mystic point, and mine train. They were all well built. I will definitely came back here with my family next time we visiting Hong Kong.
The best way to relive ur childhood memories, the cartoons you watched on tv screen, will be seen wearing colorful costumes, hug and take pictures with you. Best place for kids aged 5 15 according to the rides, few are for adults. Popcorn and cotton candy counters all over the place and some restaurants serving lunch and other food items. Do visit the Disney gift shop and make you kid be happy by buying happy a mini Mickey or Minnie.Be prepared to spend the whole day and wear comfortable footwear to prevent fatigue.For more bat Hong Kong visit my blog   sapphireziva.blogspot.com !!
This Disneyland is small in comparison to the others around the world. Which makes the lines shorter, but also means there are fewer attractions. The slightly older kids favorites are the Lion King show, the African jungle boat ride and the Space Mountain ride. The littlest ones will like the Small World and Autopia rides and the parades with princesses on floats.If you go on a public holiday, especially a holiday in mainland China, then you should expect big crowds.If you go in June July Aug, the sun can be pretty harsh and the humidity high. Bring an umbrella (or buy one there) to protect yourself, although most queues have canopies for shade. Best months to visit: Late Oct to end March.
We really hate having loads of Chinese mainland there! they won't line up or follow the rules. you must be strict and don't let them cutting the line!! They also won't smoke only in the smoking area!! nasty! This is one of the smallest disneyland in the world. you can finish all the rides and attraction within one day. sometimes you can play the rides over and over! for family with kids or young couples, they would enjoy spending a day there. the price of the restaurants increased a lot.
Our shuttle brought us right to the front gate and admission was a breeze. We were in a large group (about 10 of us   1 kid under 3) and got in with no problems. Do not expect this to be ANYTHING like Disneyland or Disneyworld in the US   it is incomparable. Tip: BYOW (bring your own water) if you can. We thankfully had water and snacks with us because   of course   everything was ridiculously priced.
Family and couples can go there.There are many places to play or for watching purpose.I am quite sure that you wont get bored because I have already bought the 1 year ticket. I have been there more than five times I still didnt thing boring.
Having visited Disney parks on three continents, this one was definitely on of the best. Very welcoming atmosphere, enough space to move confortably. Right now they had some renovations going on, but that did not really matter. Certainly the wildest ride that my 5 year old daughter has ever taken.
We have been returning to Disneyland Hong Kong nearly yearly ever since 2005. The park was small compared to other Disney but we just love it. It was clean and staff were friendly. The newly added park adds on more fun to us. We were there for Lunar New Year. The park was decorated with flowers and the weather was cooling. However, it was small spoiler. The park is undergoing upgrade at the moment. The top part of the castle and some other buildings were boxed up and we could see that it was painting instead of the real castle. We loved queuing to take photo with characters because they are interactive and fun! They brought tons of joys to us! Tips:1) Photo with Anna and Elisa needed advance reservation. If your kids are fans of frozen, remember to get your pass at the castle the 1st thing you enter the park in the morning. Pass are available from 9.30am on first come first served basis.2) Great rides: Mystic Mansor; Buzz Lightyear Astro Blast
Thoroughly enjoyed this day, can do it in a day if you wish but can also extend with children I imagine.Having been to Florida the only thing I'd say is that the staff weren't quite as magical as the Americans but that's how they roll I guess.Good fun.
Fun for everyone of all ages, plenty to see & do, lots of colour, music, entertainment & decent rides.Food was plentiful & very accessible.Definitely catch the MTR, the last leg to Disneyland is very cuteMy only suggestion is to avoid the mainland holidays, we went a day after in Oct & had decent access to everything.
Loved the rides especially the scary freaky ones!! Children as well as grown ups can enjoy here. There is a ride for everyone. Do not miss the cartoon parade at 4 pm. Children will enjoy this. Also the fire crackers show at 7pm is worth a watch.A memorable experience!!
Visited this place last October 2014 with a friend. The weather was kinda hot but it was tolerable. We arrived around 2pm (from our tour) and found a good spot to see the 3pm parade. I could not contain my happiness when I've started seeing my favorite characters, I literally cried when I saw Mickey Mouse and his pals! After the parade, we tried the Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine ride. There's this senior couple in front of us and I can tell that they were irked by our shrieks. LOL. We've also lined up for the Golden Mickey's show and watched the night parade after. As much as we enjoyed the attractions, we did not want to spend additional bucks on food (Disneyland meals are hella pricey). We just had a bottle of water with us. Visiting the restroom was a breeze, since they're everywhere (and surprisingly not overcrowded nor smelly). They say that this is the smallest Disneyland park in the world,nonetheless, we still had an amazing experience. Tip: If you're visiting this place for the first time, don't bring FOOD.
It was fun to go to Toy Story Land since it is only in Asia. I loved the movies and seeing the characters that weren't princes.
Toy Story Land   Asia ExclusiveJoin the toys from your favourite Toy Story films for playtime in Andy   s backyard where everyone can explore this oversized world with its three larger than life attractions. Andy   s speediest toy car RC Racer* is sure to get your adrenaline pumping as you race along a 27 metre high u shaped coaster.FASTPASSDisneyland   s FASTPASS will save your place in line while you continue to enjoy the rest of the park.
This was my first time going to a disneyland and I never expected it to be that bad. Firstly, HKD is way too overcrowded and they don't limit the amount of visitors there is a day, I believe that 200 people should be the maximum since I only went to a couple of rides: space mountain ( fast track ticket ) , Buzz lightyear astro blasters, jungle river cruise, Autopia, It's a small world, stitch encounter and slinky dog spin. For me, the stitch encounter and the slinky dog spin was the worst because the stitch encounter was basically watching Stitch talk and having a chance of talking to him ( on screen, for children ) and I thought it was a ride, the que was horribly long ( 1 hour on a hot day ) The slinky dog ride was very bad either, 45  minute que to go on a dog ride ( 3 4 laps of a a circle ) which made the ride less than 1 hour. However, I do recommend Autopia, space mountain, astro blastersand the jungle river cruise. On the other hand, the food there was disgusting and dry which costed 98 hong kong dollars ( equivilent to   9.80 uk money ) What a rip off       . The staff had bad manners, the one i experienced was the one in the jungle river cruise. Somehow, they show disrespect to mainland China people since my family and I split the group in half because half of us wanted to rest and half of us wanted to go on rides, so they found a ride and they called us to go and when we reached there they didn't let us through since they thought we were que cutting but my family was at the front of the que and they were talking disrespectfully to my uncle as his first language is mandarin but his cantonese is good. But, when my mum came and spoke cantonese they went silent and let us through. Here we can the see the discrimination between hongkongese and chinese mainlanders. Also, people from south west china have better manners than mainlanders so I don't understand why they think we are mainlanders. Im from the UK and find this a rasict. In conclusion, I found HKD terrible, I do not reccomend HKD to people because of the overcrowded visitors. The positive thing about this trip is that you get to watch the 9:00pm fireworks and get to LEARN YOUR LESSON. The park opens at 8:00 or 9:00 and closes at 10:00 but when my family arrived, there were a bunch of people already there. Also, be careful since you are at risk of having your children lost. From a review of a teenager from the UK.
I went to Hong Kong as a surprise for my grandad's birthday and as I had a couple of days to before the family meet up I decided to go to Disneyland HK. As I went by myself I felt it was a good visit. Although it is a small park compared to other theme parks there is a lot to do and keep you entertained.Even before getting through the park doors you get built up in a Disney mood. When changing MTR at Sunny Bay the carriages have Mickey windows and hand hooks along with some figurines within cases. As soon as you come off the train you can hear the music and it sucks you into the moment.The park is split into various kingdoms. From one side to the other you probably only need a 15 minute walk. The rides are okay but they are more for older children. The parades and shows are amazing and I would definitely recommend not missing those. The Disney Paint The Night is a must!The only thing is that a lot of things were under constuction, particularly the castle in the centre which had boards all round it but they have done a good job with painting a replica castle on them.I would also recommend going to the drawing masterclass at the front of the park. To see everything in one day there is a lot of criss crossing around the whole park but it was totally worth it. It would be difficult for groups and families to see the entire park and watch all the shows. Apart from the 2 main parades and fireworks show there's the Lion King show, Golden Mickey's and Stitch Encounter. It's not ideal to have the language information for Stitch Encounter only at the entrance of the attraction and would have preferred info at the front gates as they have various language versions so had to plan round the English version.All in all I enjoyed my visit and has got me in the mood of visiting the other Disneylands in the world and Disney World Florida itself
Went with my daughters (6 and 9 yo). There was around 45 to 60 minutes queue for every rides since it was during the Chinese New Year rush. My youngest height is more than 112cm, so she can ride every rides, which we did. Don't forget to get the fast ticket for Space mountain and the Winne the pooh ride. The best rides are the big grizzly mountain mine, and mystic manor. Food is expensive. Don't miss the parades (day and the color the night parade) and the fireworks.Don't buy the 2 day tickets, since you only need a day to explore the park. Highly recommended for small children and first time disneyland visitor. I prefer the Ocean park for older children.
A must do if travelling to Hong Kong, travelled here over Christmas in December 2014 with my husband and daughter and we LOVED it! There really is some thing quite magical about Disney land, the characters, the smell of sweet things, kids smiling and laughing and the lights at night and then the fireworks over the castle to finish your day!! Just BRILLANT! Thoroughly recommend to others.
Me and my wife visited in the month of February where the weather in Hong Kong is a bit chilly. Unexpectedly, there was too much of rush and long long wait queues till afternoon despite being Monday . The rides were totally outstanding! It exceeded my expectations. My wige loved  Mystic Manor  . The tarzons house was under maintenance. Character meet had long queues.Definitely a place to visit in lifetime.
Hong Kong Disneyland is a truly delightful Disney Park. I had the opportunity to visit the park with my wife and two daughters (8 and 12 years old) during our stay in Hong Kong (april 2014). I will never forget the moment when we entered Main Street. Hong Kong Disneyland is not just a copy. It's a genuine and enchanting Disney Park on its own, in particular thanks to the new themed lands (Grizzly Gulch, Mystic Point & Toy Story Land). Living only a 4 hour drive by car from Disneyland Paris, we have already visited the European Disney Park several times. However, we have to admit that Hong Kong Disneyland is more cosy and enchanting. And what an amazing location ... with the mountain setting behind Sleeping Beauty Castle. The Grizzly Mountain Coaster and Mystic Manor are really amazing attractions! And  The Golden Mickeys  is a show that should be copied for Disneyland Paris. We bought a Magic Access pass for our oldest daughter, giving her lots of advantages (she celebrated her birthday while we were in the Park) as well as reductions in shops and restaurants. A good investment surely worth its price! Hong Kong Disneyland is a not to be missed attraction when you are in Hong Kong.
We visited Disneyland on Christmas and boxing day (25th and 26th December).Overall the kids enjoyed the place and the stage shows are great.You are (like most theme parks) away from anywhere else so your food drink and any other supplies need to bought there or Brought with you.The Train does go there if you hotel is near the line this is the best valve and way to get there but we were staying away from the lines so we got a taxi which can take a while with long lines at the end of the night.
Disneyland is a magical place! Whereas can you act like a kid and feel such wonderment? The rides are a lot of fun, and the stage shows are spectacular, especially the Lion King. If you can, stay at the Disneyland Hotel and get the chance to meet the characters in the dining hall.
Wow, what a great experience me and my family had. When you go disneyland, the age dosen't matter. There are rides and attraction for all ages. I do regret that I had only one day instead of two. Its a completely different world. The best attraction was the disney palace.
this is our first disney experience and i guess it's safe to say the best is yet to come. i've been to other theme parks (universal   warner bros   dreamworld   legoland) and i had very high expectations from disney. and while it does bring a tear to my eye reminding me of every disney movie i've seen when i was young and what my kids are watching now, i thought the fireworks (which went so much longer than expected, yey!) was a little underwhelming (again just a little below what we expected). other disney parks may be bigger but this still deserves a 2 day visit. we went in december when they had elsa & anna but you have to get (very limited) q ticket so u can have your picture with them (bummer!). the parade is so great to watch (we saw both daytime & nighttime parade (with the lights and all). oh and check out which rides have the express pass on your visit and make sure you get them cuz it really saves q'ing time. can't wait to visit other disney parks! (and we have young children with us too and make sure you have extra $ to spend on the shops cuz when you go in you want to buy all!!!)
If you compare this to its Florida big brother you will be disappointed. If, on the other hand, you accept that this is a small Disney park that is clean, well managed and can provide a day of fun away from the hustle and bustle of the city, then you are in for a treat. Disney fans will love it anyway but the reality is that it has some very good attractions (albeit there are only really 19 'rides' you can sit on and be entertained, despite the park claiming 35 'attractions'). Restaurants and food outlets are plentiful, as are retail stores selling all types of Disney merchandise. Many of the staff are friendly but ultimately it lacks some of the 'magic' that only DisneyWorld in Florida can provide. The biggest let down is probably the centrepiece Disney signature 'castle' which in this case is nothing more than a 'gatehouse' by comparison to most other Disney parks. Still, it can keep you entertained for a day (but probably no longer).
I regret not getting the 2 day pass as one day is not enough in trying all the attractions in Disney, especially if you come on a weekend. we met a few uncouth dancers, who allowed some European guests to take a pic with her but refused us. the queues to take a picture with the Disney characters are usually jam packed.
I have been taking my kids to HK Disneyland almost annually since my oldest was two. Now she is 7. My second is 6 and my third is 1.5. We have always loved it as it is a smaller but newer disneyland. Being on the smaller side makes it easier to play in a day. The lines are usually not too horrible compared disneyland in LA. The food is pretty good too. I didn't expect this but my kids suddenly outgrew this park. We went on all their favorite rides and at the end of they day they were actually bored and wanted to head back to the hotel. I think maybe this is also because we took them to Disneyland in LA 6 months ago and Legoland before that and now suddenly they like the bigger rides. This is a still a great park for the little kids. The rental strollers are really lame. They are the hard plastic types where it's impossible for your young one to lay down to nap. And usually the only reason we rent a stroller is just in case the baby needs to snooze. So instead my hubby held the baby the whole time while she slept and I took the older kids to play. If you need a stroller, I recommend bringing your own.
We went to fulfill our promise to our daughter to take her to disneyland on her 7th birthday. We took a 2 day pass as the first day we would be reaching the park only by 2pm. It was all we had hoped for it to be and much more.Key highlight were the parades   they were amazingly beautiful. so was the day end fire cracker show.however, one negative observation   everything in the park is freakishly expensive. while a 2 day pass for disneyland costs around 600HKD, one simple print out of a photogrpah taken by their photgraphers costs 168HKD!!!!....... what the hell are they thinking ??saving grace was that for all character meet n greets, they allow us to use our cameras too : )
I haven't been to other Disneyland and HK's Disneyland is my first. Been here twice on 2 different years and both experiences are great. Disneyland is Disneyland afterall... The magical place where adult become a kid once again, reviving the years of disney wonders we watched on TV.Enjoyed shopping at the stores and going for the rides. The place is filled with fun and feels magical each time I go.
kids and kids at heart love to be here always...happiest place to be as it brings back good memories especially for your child,it will stay forever on them...
I   m 23 yet I still enjoyed the park like a kiddo. It was my first time to visit a Disneyland so I didn   t set a high expectation and couldn   t really compare it with the other ones. The MTR to the park looks cute with Mickey Mouse windows on it. We arrived at 1pm and toured until it closes with a fireworks display at 8pm. Yes, it is a bit pricey and there were loooong queues (with pushy locals). We only managed to ride few attractions so you better visit earlier if you wanted to experience    em all. The parade was colourful, fun and entertaining. Sleeping Beauty Castle is just quite disappointing for its cardboard like finish on the upper part but the rest were eye candies for me. Will I go back? Yes, maybe if I already have my own 7 y o child someday. ;)
Prior to visiting HK Disneyland, we did our research and asked our friends who had been there. They all said it's small and found it alright. We bought tickets from a tour operator in HK that sells discounted tickets and food vouchers ($92 for a meal at any of the 4 selected restaurants). We opted in for the admission tickets only 'coz we wanted to leave ourselves with the flexibility on food.We had small kids, and we knew we wanted to stay for the parade at least. To save up energy, we arrived at 12ish via the Disney MTR. The MTR is cute, but nothing amazing. The design of the station at Disney is impressive tho'. There weren't too many ppl upon arrival. So there was no wait (at most 5 min) for the Buzz Lightyear shooting game. The kids went back for a second round and no wait as well. Grannies had a rest at the restaurant nearby and had some fries and chicken. The avg cost of a meal is $92 for basic fries and burger. Not worth it.My niece had a ride of the flying dish and it took them a bit longer for the wait. I would say 15 min or so. We then headed to the auto car driving and the wait was somewhat 20 25 min. We had fun 'coz we could control the speed ourselves by pressing the pedal. My lil' one could steer.We then went to the jungle river cruise and we had fun. There were more  animals  then the ones I had at Canada's Wonderland. The kids were scared by the fire and bubbling water near the end of the trip. We were at the Cantonese queue, so we didn't need to wait for long.Afterwards, we went over to the bear mines. 4 of us went and had so much fun. Grannies and younger ones got settled for dinner while waiting for us. We had it at the restaurant right beside the Mystic Manor. It's pricey but then the portion is big enough. The food is average.I also had a ride with my older boy inside the Manor. It's not scary at all and we found it fun. We then went back down for the night parade. Make sure you spare enough time to find a good spot. My boys had enough energy to stay for firework as well, so we got a seat nearby the castle. The castle is under reno so it's less appealing.Overall, we had fun and staff were friendly. They proactively gave my kids stickers and each staff had different ones. We didn't have time to try all of the rides... may do so the next time.Talking abt taking photos with the characters... we thought of having buffets at the Mickey restaurant. Glad that we called in advance and noticed that there wouldn't be any on weekdays. Only at the most $$ buffet restaurant Hollywood. So, we skipped. We met Buzz Lightyear and Alvin the Chipmunks. The line up was short.
As a Christmas gift to my kids, last December 2014 we went to Hongkong.And Disneyland Hongkong in Lantau island is the main destination for them.Superb attraction, friendly staff, fair restaurant for meals and price as well the priority attraction of firework in 15 minutes in the evening.No words can't say.. just enjoy.. a full day is enough to visit for whole attraction.Better, you purchase your ticket by local agent or internet to avoid the queue while entering.
After 7y living in HK, I heard lots of critics over Disney, most of them not so exciting but decided to make my own opinion.First, tickets are quite expensive at 500hk for a day (vs Ocean Park is 345). Why not if there are many attractions and you have a full day of funSecond, actually the park indeed is rather small...north to south or east to west might take 15mins?Then most of the attractions are for kids. For adults you only have the mine train which is really nice (space mountain visual effects are quite poor and no looping) and one of these  up side down  hwad which I don t do as it just makes me sick...Also quite a lot of queuing (average being 30mns, up to 50) for short and with no surprise attractionsWe arrived at 12pm and were finished by 4pm...Won t recommend to other friends, and prefer Ocean Park where you can see they really made effort to surprise people, and are able to entertain kids and adults
You can spend time well if you participate in games.Some nice restaurants with good view.cable car and the train ride is a nice experience. We liked the Night parade and the fire cracker show the most.Quite crowded even on a week day.Spending whole day for adults a bit difficult. We had to come out and drive down to a near by shopping mall and re enter at the time of the evening parade.However nice place as one time experience.The shops in side the Disney land found to be very expensive..
Lots of people when i visited in December. Overall found that the Disneyland is too small compare to Disneyland in Paris. Good for family with children. If for adults, can opt for Ocean Park than this.
A must visit if you are in Hong Kong.You must start early ( park opens at 10 AM) so you could experience the Park an all it has to offer.Kids would absolutely enjoy it. The fireworks later at night is one of its kind. A must visit for all age groups.
The lines weren't very long, everything is as I would expect from Disneyland. Our tickets were $450 HKD which seems like a reasonable price for admission (that was nearly 1 year ago).
Overcrowded, overrated, overpriced.  You should go to Ocean Park instead. More authentic. Never too commercial.  Forget about the Disney dream.
It is too crowded, and the waiting time is between 30 and 75 minutes on the different rides.As for most the amusement parks in the world, the food inside is terrible and very expensive. But I knew all this in advance, but for my son I wanted to visit anyway.One day is enough anyway.
If you like going to Disney parks, than Disneyland Hong Kong is a place to go. It is much smaller than Orlando, and many of the American rides, such as the haunted mansion and the pirates of the Caribbean are not there, and might disappoint a few. A ride that was nice was the Mystic Manor. The lines were good, we went on Chinese New Years days no more then an hour wait per ride. the prices are Disney. The food was average for taste. All in all had an enjoyable day.
As an Ex patriot living in Hong Kong for many years now I have witnessed Disney from its inception to opening to actually having kids to take there. My kids at the time of writing this are 3 and 1.3. they both love Disney and we have an Annual pass to visit at off peak times. I have actually visited over the many years all of the Disney Resorts, and unless something has changed drastically without me noticing then Disney World Orlando is unrivaled. If you have been there and come expecting anything similar then you are sure to be disappointed. The all round experience is probably still not yet as good as Ocean park, however for very young children like my own its a little more suitable. Those of you who have not visited a Disney where the first language is not English may not be aware of the system. Most staff speak the three main languages here, Cantonese, English and Mandarin Chinese. Show's like the Lion Kind are performed in English, translated by a couple of Monkeys into Cantonese then text is displayed on a display for Mainland Chinese. The Golden Mickey awards are performed in Cantonese and display boards show English and Chinese text. The Stitch experience has seperate performances for each of the three languages.As far as Rides go, there are some old favorites like Dumbo, Cinderella's carousel, Small World ride, Winnie the Pooh, Flying Saucers, along with some newer ones in places like Toy Story land. Considering the park is relatively new, the inclusion of the fairly obscure  Swiss Family Robinson Treehouse  now renamed to Tarzan's TreeHouse (I never knew Tarzan was so good at Chemistry) is something of a surprise. I also never fathomed out why the Winnie the Pooh ride is so scary for Small children, and of course older kids tend not to be into Winnie the pooh!I think you are not supposed to bring food into the park which is a fairly standard Disney rule, but we have taken food in many times and during bag search we are just told not to eat our food in the restaurants.Those of you not used to Asia may be surprised by the Culture of some of the Chinese visiting from the mainland. Hong Konger's often look down on the mainlanders as impolite and rude, and occasionally they do live up to this stereotype. In the past the mainland Chinese have tried to get photographs with westerners, but I have not witnessed that in recent years, however when my sister was visiting with Blonde children, the mainlanders could not disguise their interest in the children and often wanted to touch or Photograph them.
We visited with our three kids aged 4, 6 and 7. We had a wonderful day! I have been to Disney in LA, and although this one is smaller, it is still just as magical! we went for a full day and were busy but we saw everything. ended the day with fireworks, it was fantastic! There's it's a small world, dumbo, space mountain and more. I really recommend it, especially for Aussies   Hong Kong is closer and cheaper than going to LA!
It's like Hard Rock Cafe   you know what you get.The place is clean, and smaller the ones at USA, but still really good.Only 2 rides have the fastpass  option and most rides are just for smaller kids. They also have some shows (Golden Mickey, Lion King, etc).The castle and part of main street is under maintenance right now.I love Disneyland's and also loved this, we went there on the time of Chinese New Year and it was pretty crowded, however we did all the rides just after opening and there was no queues at all.
If you can, go early, plan in advance which rides to go on, pack your own lunch snacks. It is very small (if you've been to any in the U.S.) but we thought it was cute. Visited with my sister who has an 8 year old daughter and she loved it but was disappointed to not go on some of the rides because the lines were so long and time was limited. They waited until their last day in HK, dropped luggage off at airport first, met us at Disney, and then left from there for their flight. It worked out well since Disney is so close to the airport.
It was my daughters first time at Disney land, and having been to Disney in Orlando and Euro Disney, HK Disney was a huge disappointment, few rides. few entertainment and rides were not exciting at all, one should rather spend their money at the Ocean park than at HK Disney. My daughter was very disappointed. Further it dies not have any other food except Chinese food. We did not want noodles and beef and pork, we wanted simple food, but there is a lack of it, there is just one bakery that had few English foods.
Nice theme park in Hong Kong. Just around 30 40 minutes from the city you can reach Disneyland Hong Kong with the MTR. It's one of the smallest Disneyland in the world. But still a wonderful place for children. Best ride:  A small world  in Fantasyland. Most rides you need wait around 10 50 minutes.
I have been to Disney in Florida, California, Tokyo, and Hong Kong. This one is on par with all of them, it does seem a little smaller. From the start they have a train line, you get to the park. If you wish to use public transportation, and not drive. The cast members where outstanding, the ones I talked to spoke very good English.
I went to Disneyland in US,France and Japan. Here is the smallest compared with all I mentioned.The parades and characters are ok for small kids.The place is crowded with people form mainland China. We had to wait for the long long time.Facilities are alright. Nothing much to buy in souvenir shop.There are not enough shade in the hot day that make us so tired.Avoid if you have chance to visit disneyland in other countries.
Very well organised, excellent rides. Very busy, long queues but well managed by the staff. The prade was a delight to be seen but more so the night prade was extravagant made the whole park come alive it was really like one is experiencing a fantasy world a real treat to eyes.All the light in the vicinity is absolutely dimmed and one gets to see the lighted extravaganza.The Fireworks display was another bonanza. Water park was fun and every ride has its own merchandise gift shop to exit through but it is all authentic Disney stuff. Park is meticulously maintained
Wonderful venue with so much to do but frustratingly long queues so you spend an hour per ride and that's not fun.
Visited for the day during a 6 day visit to Hong Kong, to meet up with our grand daughter, who is just four years old, along with the rest of the family. Experience for her was terrific, which was the intent.This was her first time to experience Disney at any of the Disneyland resorts, so it was very much worth the visit to see her enjoy the attractions. As grand parents we have visited both Orlando and Anaheim ourselves, so we did feel that it was a bit lacking for the whole family visit.For us the experience was great, not in the resort, but in the reaction and interaction of our grand daughter
IN order to enjoy HK Disney land make sure it is not a Chinese public holiday in HK and or mainland China. If there are too many  mainlanders  you will not be able to have a good time. This Disneyland is much smaller than the one in France where I have had the opportunity to go as well. The 4d cinema is great! The space mountain ride is not that thrilling.
the Disneyland in Hong Kong is so small if you compare with the one in Japan and the United States. You could pretty much only need 3 hours to visit the whole theme park when there are not many visitors around. The facilities are relatively new comparing the other Disneyland in other countries but there are not much surprise as it is considered a very standard  Disneyland . Hotel is not too bad but not necessary since it will not take too much time to go around the whole park. food is not as great as expected!!
Otherwise, the park will be filled to the brim with people off work and whatnot. Definitely not a good idea to go during public holidays.Getting there is incredibly easy, by taking the MTR.Travelling through the park is all down to how you plan your day, in terms of which theme park to visit first and which rides to take. Fortunately for us, we got there during lunch and all the rides did not require us to wait long. Fast track didn't seem worth it.Overall a very wonderful experience   Christmas events made the visit even more special. The trip and all its decent rides can be made in one day if planned well.
if you ever go to any Disneyland anywhere in the world go to this one !   Staff are friendly, all is clean and everything is organised to the minute for a great day out for all ages.
The Hong Kong Disneyland is really happening when I was there Saturday night on 24 January 2015. Colourful lights of parade Disney characters with firework lasting for about 45 minutes. If you all in Hong Kong do visits this place is a must.
This is relatively small compared with other Disneyland in the world and packed with tourists from Mainland China 365 days a year. The park itself is ok but if you come from a country with your own Disneyland, skip it in your itinerary.
Hong Kong Disneyland is very small in comparing with the Tokyo or in the US. So many people that you have to queue at least two hours for a single activity. Normally, you can have enjoyed one or two activities in the morning, then, find places to eat, then another one or two activities in the afternoon. Then if you want to see the fireworks, you should buy some snacks and then go to find your places to wait. Beware that it is so crowed that you have to wait and wait and wait.And, one more thing you must make sure you don't mind, there are too many visitors from Mainland China, their behaviors, sometimes, are examining your patience and tolerance level.If you can go to other Disneyland, Hong Kong Disneyland is absolutely not your first choice to visit.
Young kids love the characters and the parades. Lovely seeing their faces.Really easy to get around the site as very flat and relatively small. Convenient for MTR or in the car. Good buggy access and plenty of clean toilets changing facilities.Avoid the peak holiday times if you can, queuing times can vary quite a lot. From a little inconvenient to  OMG i want to kill myself .High summer can be very hot here and that can dramatically reduce the enjoyment i think.
Very well organised, excellent rides. Very busy, long queues but staff actually gave us preference in some places because we looked foreign. Waiting for the parade was a strain on jetlagged children but the Fireworks display was worthwhile. Water park was fun because the weather can get pretty hot. Every ride has its own merchandise gift shop to exit through but it is all authentic Disney stuff. Park was very clean and well looked after. Recommend staying in the hotel in the Walt Disney suite.
HK Disneyland was as expected...fun filled day...for my teenage kids there could have enjoyed more rough rides (those with warning labels)..as there are only four of them..we attacked these first as lines were usually long compared with others... more rides to be built in future so felt short changed...excellent shows...especially don't miss out on the Lion King...food and amenities were sufficient...aside from the parade, Disney characters were far from being seen, maybe they were tied up at the office...was looking for a selfie with Donald,..oh well next time..the souvenir shops is shopping galore so make sure you have everyone on your list ! ..if you miss someone there is a second chance at the airport next to Popeyes.. .
it is a must visit place in Hongkong .. Beautiful place with lots of rides and the best part and should not be missed in any ways was the cracker n light show which starts at 8 pm ..
Been through Disney's franchise and so had expected what is coming. However, for first time visitor, the treatment is always magical.Plus point, Hong Kong Dollar wasn't strong, so didn't feel the cost and staying in Hong Kong is always good. And the language use is bilingual. So if you don't understand the local language Cantonese, can always listen to the English version.Bad point, the park is quite small. Within one day, can cover sufficiently.Overall, still a good day to spend with your family.
This is the most attractive place to visit while anyone is in Hong Kong. Vast area with beautifully organized. Lots of places to visit and ofcourse the parade at night and the fireworks.
So it is every child's dream! Enjoyed the Mickey Mouse and the Lion King show! Loved the parade! Make sure you check the park's sched ahead of time so you can greet and meet your Disney favorites. :)
Well I guess this is one of the most anticipated bucket list events of Life, going to disneyland and being a part of the shows specially. The rides can be found in any other Theme Park around the world, but very importantly it's the stage shows that will blow you apart.We split into Two's as me and partner tried our best to attend as many shows as possible; We attended Stitch, Lion King and missed out on the Golden Mickey show! Stitch was sweet animation and LIVE interaction; Lion King was the best thing that we did at Disney. Golden Mickey was missed due to the impossible timing sheet and the rate at the which the theater filled for the show. The Golden Mickey theater has 1000 seats, Lion King has 2000 seats, stitch has 50 seats with more number of shows in the regional and English language which needs to be watched out for. We attended the 3PM parade which was wonderful; missed the 9PM Parade since we had to go to Macau the same night! Try as much as you can to witness the stage shows and finish them in the first half of the day since the second half of the day there is quite a lot of crowd for everything. We did the roller coaster called Space Motion which was epic! The grizzly ride another one not for the faint hearted and my fav the U ride whose name I forgot, too much that one was! Okay Food wise there are a lot of options, there is an Indian restaurant which serves decent Indian food for the distance from India. Shopping is costly but some souvenirs are worth buying, I bought a t shirt and Mickey Evolution pen Set around 250HKD totally. The MTR station is right outside and connects you to Sunny Bay from where you can change to your next station.Come in Early   Finish of the Shows   finish off the rides   Finish the parade   relax and enjoy the evening parade and do some shopping
I think i had been ripped off... went to HK Disneyland and found that the train ride was not available and the Cinderella Castle was made up of Cardboards (upperhalf) but they still charged full price on the tickets...
We enjoyed a lot of thrilling rides and it seems that we have enter in cartoon world. Since my childhood i was watching alice in wonderland, and during my visit at Disneyland in wonderland i was excited. I visited Hongkong in 2012 with my family and wish to visit again.
Park is ok can't fault it really. But the whole time being there had been ruined by those from mainland China. Europeans don't waist your time here, stay close to home and go Paris. Try to que for rides I not even joking mainland wild animals will rip you apart to jump the que. they'd use all kinds of ways to get in front of you. shame staff can't do nothing bout it but I do understand why. They rely on them to make money more then Europeans.
Not the best Disneyland in the world given the size of the them park, but still worth it to visit with kids. I found really good deal at Klook Travel, cheapest I could find. I am so glad I bought the e tickets first as I simply scanned the QR code on my mobile (without print the e voucher) to enter the park. It saved me probly 30 mins, and skip the line at the ticket counter. Love it! The park itself was quite packed (it was Sat., try to visit during week day if possible). Don't forget to exchange some of the fast pass first for major ride, it helps you saving time!
Went to HK Disney with my 4 year. He loved it. I can only compare it to Tokyo Disneyland but to me it seemed aimed at the little ones (not many adult themed rides there). So its perfect for families with children. That being said it is surprising the amount of independent adults there alone on the children rides. Must have shows for us were the parade, the lion king show and the mickey mouse 3D show. We got there bang on 10am and were able to do the teacups and the Cinderella carousal with minimum queuing. Would recommend you go straight to the Winnie the pooh ride and get the fast track ticket (we only had to wait 5minutes with this). The dumbo ride is also worth doing and the slinky dog roller coaster although their waiting times were close to an hour. The buzz light year ride and jungle cruise are also good but could be scary for some children. We found the food choices slim   mainly Asian themed or really large meals and ended up eating a hot dog for lunch which was pretty good. Overall really good value for money and a great family day. We also did the enchanted garden buffet dinner so got a lot of photo ops at that. My 4yr old was done after that but you could do the early sitting of the buffet and then go back to Disneyland (be sure to get your hand stamped) for the light show at 730pm.
Only worth if you are in a mood to enjoy like a kids , as the games and atmosphere is for young or little kids , families and lovely girls who enjoy frozen ... The tickets are 490 HK and it is very easy to get ( mtr) if you like better rides , and bigger and more wild park I will recommend ocean park ( cheaper )however both will be very crowded on weekend , so if you go go only on weekdays .Still Disneyland have the magic , the environment that makes unique and worth a visit if staying longer than 3 nights in HK.
Hong Kong Disneyland is a fun place for kids and adults. Although it's the smallest disneyland, it's the closest one to home. Oir daughter had the time of her life! Their food in the park is so expensive and their hotdog has this weird soft texture so don't buy those. TIP: If you're not so sensitive with drinking water, you may refill drinking water in their water fountains.
Best place for kids to enjoy with their disney character. You have picture with mickey, minnie, goffy etc. Also you can enjoy many rides. Dont miss night carnival of disney character.
Of course the Happiest Place on Earth is a must visit for all the Disney fans. Plan on spending the entire day here. Must see the Parade before leaving. It was magical.
Our trip to HK Disneyland was a first to any Disneyland and we ( my daughter, hubby and myself) were looking forward to experiencing some Disney magic. And magical it was... We started our disneyland adventure with Grizzly Gulch and were so thrilled. The Lion king show was mesmerising while the mickey and donald 3 D show was really hilarious. We spent the entire day enjoying all the rides and shopping for my daughters favourite characters. But the grand finale was the fireworks show which really took our breath away. Looking forward to experiencing more Disney magic in other locations.
Myself my wife and our 4yo daughter spent a day here late January 2015. We arrived at opening time and left at closing time and I have to say we all thoroughly enjoyed our time here. I guess one day wasn't quite enough to visit every attraction but we got close, travel links to the theme park are the best I have ever witnessed ( so simple ) the park does get very busy so be prepared to wait for certain rides( up to 45 mins ) worth a visit.
Great place for all generations. You can either walk around the park or use transport like train or taxi to move around. Great access to the park by MTR. Just hop on a train from Central to Sunny Bay. Get off at Sunny Bay to the other side to catch Disneyland line. You cannot miss it. The train will have Mickey Mouse shaped windows and will take you to the park entrance.
Worst amusement park ever.  Huge parking fee (120 for motorbike), same for the entrance fee, and the attractions inside are crappy. Food isnt great but that's not what you're coming there for...  Not a good experience.  Ocean park is much better
Small park designed to look like Disneyland in Anaheim (which may sound interesting, but is actually very boring as we already have that park). Only a few rides that are  must see  especially if you are familiar with the other Disney parks   be sure to see Mystic Manor, Grizzly Mountain, and the Jungle Cruise (just to hear the spiel in Chinese). Many of the rides just felt  small  like Space Mountain and Small World, like Disney  light .Good thing is you can combine your Disneyland day with seeing other attractions that day as there is direct cab service right to from the main gate.
I visit Disneyland in Hong Kong every year. I usually hop on the Tung Chung line and go to Citygate outlet for shopping and lunch in the morning. By 2 I arrive at the park, go to the Lion King show, watch the 3 pm parade, then go to the Golden mickey show. The small world attraction, Buzz light year is new from tomorrow land. Mickey fantasmic 4D show. End with a 7pm parade of light then with the fireworks at 8:30 pm to closing. This year I found Disneyland HK crowded on a Wednesday, this is due to the many tourist from China who crowded the attractions. Still there is no place like the happiest place on Earth especially with a perfect weather.
Hong Kong Disneyland is a great place to visit. You can visit all the amusements in one day and the rides were great. We especially enjoyed the Buz Lightyear ride and Mystic Manor which is new. Take plenty of money with you as the food and souvenirs can be expensive.
I am a big fan of big amusement parks, perhaps that was why Hong Kong Disneyland was rather disappointing for me. Besides the beautiful shows and cute litte rides they had, I was not impressed by the lack of entertainment venues, such as thrilling rides. Which I would like to highlight, my favourite when it comes to theme parks. However, if you've never been, it is worth to bring your children out for a day of fun and bonding time. I went with my family, so I had a great time bonding with them. Although I was slightly disappointed, you can't say no to the magic Disneyland and her theme songs have on you.
We have 2 kids, 5 & 9 and it was a magical 2 days for them. So many rides, so many things to see, so many characters!! We walked & we walked & we walked some more....even though it is the smallest of all the Disney Parks. The kids really enjoyed the Mad Hatter Tea Party ride....we rode it 4 times!! Also the roller coaster in Grizzly Gulch. The fireworks at night were spectacular, and so was the evening parade. It was exciting for the kids to meet Mickey & Minnie (very long queues) and to enter the shops filled with magical stuff. There are photo ops everywhere, specially people carrying a bunch of balloons that you can borrow! 2 very magical days :)
the park is small compared to US attractions, but the atmosphere and service were excellent.  We also visitecTokyo Disneu and can't wait for Shanghai!
The park itself is not very big. I expected a lot more. We went in Jan so the lines werent that bad. Food is expensive and your bags get checked on your way into the park. The park fee is cheap enough. we spent around 5 hours at the park. went on most rides once. Easy access from the city via MRT. More suited to Families with children.
I visited disneyland paris,hong kong , and disney world in florida   Its always and always the same magic .   As they say : the happiest place on earth !   Fun for all , kids and adults .   I enjoyed the day
Hong Kong Disneyland is the smallest Disney park in the world, and it shows. They are adding on to it piece by piece, but it will be decades before it reaches California or even Paris levels. It will never compare with Florida.However, it still feels like a real Disneyland. You get all the Disney  magic , for lack of a better word at all the Disney prices. The food is mostly terrible, but like Disneyland California, there are other options outside of the park.Hong Kong Disneyland is still missing too many rides, but what they have looks and feels like any other Disneyland in the world. Except Tokyo Disneyland. That place is just goofy.
A heaven for Disney fans and even for those non Disney fans, you will be hard pressed to not get into the atmosphere. This place truly is magical. You will need at least a day and a half to complete the park, even though it is smaller than its other counterparts across the globe. A few hints: Go on a weekday as the lines for rides and character greets are much smaller. Purchase your tickets at the train station tourist information centres (there is one at the Admiralty stop) as the tickets are at least 10% less than you will pay online, at the gate or anywhere else that sells tickets. Get there at opening as things start to get busy after lunch. If you are going for two days, spend one day doing the character meet and greets, the shows and the parades. Then spend the next day doing the shopping, eating and rides. On the second day, if you can leave before the fireworks, the train lines will be much less. If you are going for character pictures, if you go at opening time, you will be hit with a huge queue on one side of Main Street for a joint picture with Pluto and Goofy and another on the opposite side for a joint image with Mickey and Minnie. They don't make it public, but wait until about 12.00pm and go to Fantasy Gardens as you can have individual images with each of the characters and the queues are considerably shorter. One the second day we went, we had already done our meet and greets but found that we could go back for separate images with all the characters, plus more in a tenth of the time we waited at Main Street on the first day. It was a little disappointing that there was no Donald or Daisy Duck when we went on both days. It was however funny to see that Pooh had an obvious costume malfunction yet none of the staff bothered to correct it despite his numerous breaks.The only real disappointment is that after 10 years, this park has still not finished Main Street and the Sleeping Beauty Castle; all Disneyland icons. I do think this is unacceptable given the time the park has been open. Part of Main Street still has the facade as a painted billboard. The Sleeping Beauty Castle is only at the bottom level completed, the top half is a mixture of large and small boxes painted and stacked. Not so bad until the fireworks show which centres around the castle starts and it detracts from what would be a fantastic show otherwise.One thing that we did notice was we went on a Monday and the staff were all enthusiastic and lovely. We went again on the Thursday and it was the complete opposite which did detract a little from what was a brilliant Monday.Something else to note is purchase your souvenirs on Main Street as they are actually cheaper than in some of the other lands for some reason. Some items can also be purchased on eBay cheaper than the retail price at any of the shops. There were also very limited souvenirs that revolved around Hong Kong Disney itself, something which we enjoyed at the Paris counterpart.The toilets at Disneyland were some of the cleanest public toilets I have seen worldwide. Food variety is a little limited, but the Mickey Waffle was delicious and well worth the money. Other food was more targeted at a Chinese clientele and this made it a little disappointing and the western food was not all that great. Everything is filled with corn.When watching the parades, we stood at the end of Main Street 30 minutes before each show started as people had been staking out places well in advance of us. If you are wanting a good spot at the front, do this. But be prepared to defend your territory from those who try and push in front, or put a camera in your face because they want your spot but were not prepared to get there early to secure their own front row spot. Be firm and those who persist will eventually get the hint and move on.When staying to watch the fireworks, be prepared for the human crush that occurs at the end to get to the trains. Trains run every 5 minutes until well after 3 hours from closing, but still, you will get crushed by the inconsiderates who want to get onto the train first like the train will never return.The rides were well maintained and managed, with good queue management by the staff which stopped a lot of the queue jumping we had seen throughout Hong Kong.
I love Disneyland! I enjoyed riding the boat in the Adventure Land. I ride the roller coaster at the Grizzly Gulch. The most important is they sell halal food at one of the cafe. Very nice!
This park is well kept and clean. The rides seem to look impressive too.The crowd that seems to be attracted to this park is what has put me off. I went along with 2 small children, we were looking forward to our visit here and the dedicated train here added to the buzz. When we arrived it was early, the park hadn't opened yet so we looked around and enjoyed the atmosphere. We began to notice that we were among the minority, there were very few children there. It was all mainly adults, and not just young adults but older couples too. We thought this was great that the kids would be able to go on the rides quicker as surely all these people would not be waiting for young children's rides....we were wrong, not only were they all going on these rides but they seemed to think they had priority over the children and we were pushed out of line in a few instances and they were constantly trying to nudge through the waiting queues. Another disappointment was the fact that there were limited character meets throughout the day.
Disneyland Hong Kong has been around for a while now and is frustrating slow at growing the park. The present Disneyland is regularly overcrowded and the focus on Mainland Chinese means that in providing services there is a heavy focus on staff with Mandarin. It can be frustrating communicating as frequently there is miscommunication. Disneyland is not cheap but for regular park users it is a sound investment to buy an annual pass. A tip for overseas visitors is Disneyland Hong Kong offers a significant discount for senior citizens over 65 years of age. Much like other Disneyland properties around the world on busy days (most days) there are delays in getting on rides. It makes sense to take in your own food and water (permitted) as food and drink sold inside Disneyland is not inexpensive. While Disneyland is a fun place and enjoyable when not crowded, unfortunately more often than not this is not the case.
Queues to long.OK for families with small children. Food and Beverage terrible. Would not go there a second time.Nothing more to say. No decent coffee.
We were so excited to have a day at Hong Kong Disney land and all was well until we entered through the gates to realise that the princess Disney castle was not real?!? It was in fact a picture printed onto wooden boards and one looked like it was missing. This is usually a huge part of Disney land in Paris and Florida so maybe we are spoilt but it was rather disappointing! However the lion king show is not to be missed this is amazing! As well as the paint the night parade at 7pm (on a Sunday). As we were so disappointed with the castle and had to catch the MTR we did not stay to watch the fireworks but the parade was worth staying for it was fantastic topped off a great day. Make sure to take advantage of the free fast pass with admission to space mountain, and or Winnie the pooh ride we did not realise we could do this until we read the small print. Also normally you can not even take water into a park but everyone had picnics snacks and drinks !!!! For the park prices it is worth taking your own water and snacks for throughout the day. Worth a visit when in Hong kong
Disneyland is already popular all over the world but I got to know the reason why. This place is so huge and full of rides and activities for people of all ages, that no one gets bored. It's completely worth the money and the time.
This Attraction was on my daughters(shes 18) bucket list of attractions to visit in Hong Kong  And she and we were not disappointed.Making use of the excellent MTR transit system we arrived early and because we went during a school day there was not a huge crowd waiting to get in. We planned where we wanted to visit first in advance so we did not have to wait too long for rides or shows. As with all Disney parks it was well set out and very clean. Highlights were Toy Story land and the mystery house with the monkey mine rides.Everything Is soooo Disney   it makes you feel happy.Food Available was not too bad  though green Candy Floss?.The parade of Disney characters was an interesting experience   just for the fact that Winnie The Poohs Float broke down during the parade and was left stranded for around 20 minutes while the staff wondered how to move it  hilarious.The Gift Shops were abundant but must say gifts were well made but slightly pricey. Not sure why Marvel characters sold in some   maybe has something to do with Disney buying Marvel Inc out.Not Sure If we will see Spiderman and Mickey Mouse on the same float in years to come.Overall a great day out for all   go though when its a school day or not raining and get there early before the Chinese tour groups arrive.
it takes about 30 minutes from hongkong island to disneyland or lantau island by MRT sub way train..the ticket is 499HKD about 800IDR, quite expensive but u will never regret it.there's so many attractions,show,game food,merchandise, ETC.i bet you one day isn't enough for you to try all the attractions cause you must wait the line about 30 minutes for each attractions,so u must arrive on Disneyland on 11Am(the open time). but i tell you that some attractions that you must try is racer at toy story land ,golden mickey at fantasy land, big grizzy bear(roller coaster) at adventure land, evening parade on 7pm and fire works on 8.30pm at sleeping beauty castle.it was a great moment,awesome feeling when you steeping the Disneyland.it feel like you become YOUNG AGAIN.
After visiting Disneyland the feeling was WOW ! Each attraction was better then the last one.We enjoyed Golden Mickey Show,Small Wonder,then the Evening parade and Fireworks thereafter a must for any tourist.
You can go around the park, ride all the rides in a day but plan it wel. Go to the farthest area first (toy story land) and ride all the rides first while there arent that many people. We rode mine train first then the new ride in the haunted mansion with the monkey then toy story land. When the chinese tourists start arriving, the queues get really long
I think the Disney in Paris is a bit better but this one is great too for the whole family. Go early and you can be sure to spend the entire day there.
This is simply contagious. The music as soon as you enter makes you go back to your childhood. The rides really help you relive your yesteryears. The shows are truly entertaining. Do not miss the Festival of lion king and the golden mickey. Plan your trip so that you stay from 11 to 9 in the night. What will we do for so long in a children's park? Don't worry! you will not even realize and the time will soon be up. Shopping here is the best for kids. Kids will surely enjoy to the core. If you are not in a hurry postpone your trip for 2 years from now. Because they are expanding it. Right now it is the smallest of all Disneyland's.
On your way there, you get to ride in a Mickey Mouse themed MTR car   very cool. When you arrive, you will be awed by a gigantic surfing Mickey fountain with magical disney music playing in the background. The park is smaller than others, but it's very easy to navigate. We took a break during the day to take a bus to one of the Disney Hotels on the property for a character buffet dinner, which was amazing! When we returned to the park, we found towards the end of the night when people start getting situated for the fireworks is a great time to go on rides with ZERO WAIT TIME. We went on Winnie the Pooh twice in a row! We still got to see the fireworks, too! The ticket prices are less than the other parks. We also enjoyed the food we had at the park   but we pretty much just snacked on popcorn and a churro as I recall having had breakfast beforehand and knowing we were going to a dinner buffet. I'd def. recommend it if you're traveling in HK with a family!
Having been to Disney World many times and Disneyland in CA, this Disney was strikingly smaller, but nonetheless enjoyable.  We took the metro there   super easy.
This place indeed the happiest place on Earth, for me (my first trip to disneyland). The parade brought back all the memories of my childhood, and in my opinion, 499 HK$ is really worth it. The park itself, I think smaller than USS SGP, but I like disneyland much more. The only problem for me is that the castle is not real! I expected real castle like the opening of every disney movie, but all I saw was a huge board castle painted (well maybe I expected too much). Overall, I love this place.
I've been in both Disney parks in America and this is the smallest but it has the same magic and enviroment. Some of the attractions are different worth them to see, the parades, the fireworks are just the same quality, Disney quality, sometimes you forget you are in China. If you love Disney parks and have spare time you will not be dissapointed at all. We had a great day there!
If you want to relive your childhood memories, please visit the Disneyland at Hong Kong.. We had a amazing time it was just out of the world experience. All the rides, shows and specially the fireworks at the end of the day is just awesome. They don't have much scary rides as its majorly for kids, but adults can also enjoy the rides. Connectivity for the park is awesome you have free shuttles service if you are staying at Hollywood Hotel or Disneyland Hotel. If you are staying in Hong Kong City then you also have MTR station just outside the park and even bus services are available.We recently visited in Jan 2015 and stayed for a day at Disneyland, but we all felt we should have spent some more time and enjoyed it.We all would definitely plan another visit to the place.
This Disneyland is definatley aimed at the 10 year old children's bracket. No massive roller coasters , but a lot of smaller rides, but still fun.Well planned, easy to get around. My tip is go on a week day out of school holidays. We did, and wait times were around 15 minutes maximum for the rides.Easy to get to the park by train from either HK island or Kowloon. Train is probably the most convienient.
This must be the smallest of all the Disney parks, but it still had some good rides and superb parade and fireworks display. If you want to do something different in Hong Kong then visit Disney, you won't regret it!
We took our young kids (9, 7 & 4). I thought it was highly disappointing, expensive and the food was awful. Your choices of food were Asian cuisine or Western fast food crap. That was it. We were dying for something fresh.The park itself, the kids were bored of after half a day. It is a very small theme park, not what you expect from a Disney franchise. The theme parks at the Gold Coast are bigger and have more for everyone. When I asked the kids what their highlight of their 3 days in HK was, they all said the cable cars and the Buddha Temple. Go there instead!
A must see destination in Hong Kong. Crowded during holidays so better go during off peak seasons because long lines for disney character picture taking and rides are waste of time but definitely should be included in the itinerary. One day is not enough so we have taken two day pass.Hong Kong Disneyland is a lovely place for kids to enjoy their favorite Disney characters up close . The characters are realistic and fun. The rides are very enjoyable for people of all ages. This was my 1st trip and I did enjoyed it. Visited January 2015
Smaller of all the Disney parks, HK Disneyland was crowd free and there were no lines in the morning for any of the rides. Staff were fantastic and the rides were good for kids   and big kids.
Yesterday my husband and I enjoyed a day at Disneyland HK even without kids. We bought the 3 in 1 food pass and wouldn't do that again. Meals are HK 102 or 105 and a meal is a substantial amount of food. The pass was 208 and meant that we got an ice cream bar as a bonus   but we really didn't need that. We ended up feeling too full at the end of the day and eating dinner just because we had the ticket. It would have been better to bring some healthy snacks and buy one meal   or buy one meal at lunch and one at dinner to share. The food at Tahitian Terrace was surprisingly good and was better than the noodle bowls at Clopin's. Other than food, the day was lots of fun. We got there before the park opened (to be at the gate on the Big Grizzly Mountain side). We were on the first train at Grizzly Mountain, walked onto the Parachute Drop, and continued to have short lines for awhile. Lines were longer later, but by being strategic our longest lines were between 15 and 20 minutes and there were only a few that long (we skipped Autotopia   hopeless). Even Dumbo was under 20 minutes later in the day. We managed to ride the Big Grizzly Mountain ride four times, two of those with no lines (beginning and end of the day). One warning, the Magical Mickey show does fill up. We had waited until the last show and it was full 15 minutes before show time so we missed it. Take their  show up 30 min. early  warning seriously! All in all a great day for two 60 year old Americans who enjoy Disney but aren't fanatics. (We are living here for 5 months or we wouldn't have given up sightseeing time for Disney.)
I enjoyed it since I also love Disney. It's just that going there was a bit exhausting. But if you have a child and you go to HK, it's a must to visit this cool place. It really has magical experience.
Hong Kong Disneyland is a lovely place for kids to enjoy their favourite Disney characters up close and personal. Still, avoid public holiday weekend to visit if you wanna try all the attractions.   souvenirs price are reasonable.Yes it is smaller, but most times its much less populated then the US site.Stay until the fireworks cause it really a spectacular to watch. You can even take the subway to Disney Hong Kong.
Disney land is just amazing.We went on our last day in Hong Kong and it did not disappoint!!ALthough a few parts were closed for repair and at times the rides and the character meeting lines were in excess of 45 minutes, it was still a great magical day that i will never forget.As a kid i had always wanted to go to Disney land and, at 31, i finally made it there.We had lunch in the Tomorrowland Resturant and it was amazing. The food was great, the service was efficient and it was VERY clean.Unlike some other attractions we visited while in HK, even the toilets here were clean. we easily spent the day wandering around. We saw the 3d Philharmagic show and the Golden Mickeys.The Golden Mickeys was amazing!! Kids will love it. and  non disney loving  Adults will be able to tolerate it without wanting to pull their hair out.Shopping was everywhere, and some of the  stores  had different items which was good. We bought a lot of things but i feel that the prices were reasonable and not too over the top.A great day, and would definitely visit again!!
We went on a midweek day and got there early. No queues in sight. We headed straight to toy story land (as we had heard it was the busiest land) and managed to go on all the rides several times with no lines. We then proceeded to your the rest of the park   very few lines anywhere. It did get a bit busier mid afternoon but the longest time we waited was for the sum is (about half an hour). Some great rides in toy story land that we hadn't seen at other disney resorts. Generally the rides were a bit slower and tamer than other disney rides   but my boyfriend liked them (he is normally too scared to go on them!!) We had read that the food was better here than other Disney properties. I wasn't convinced. We are in one of the Asian restraunts. Def average.
This place is really lovely. Full of vibrant colors that lifts up everybody's mood. It is tiring to get around because of the huge place but we pushed ourselves because we wouldn't want to miss anything. Make sure not to miss the Parade of Fantasy and Mickey's Paint the Night that happens every 3pm and 7pm, respectively. Make sure to stay within the facing sleeping beauty's castle to have a better view of the parade. Aside from the kids ride that you'll surely enjoy, visit the Mystique Manor, the Lion King show, the Golden Mickey and lastly, their spectacular fireworks. Those shows made our visit worthwhile. The entrance fee for adults is HKD499, but you can get it cheaper online or you can email bobbyhkg@yahoo.com for a way better deal. We purchased all our tickets from him, met him in Chungking Mansion, an owner of a certain money exchanger.
Accompanied a friends child(10) to Disney land, hk, as no one else was available, or would could!For the child, it was fun fun fun!, For me , it was a chore! To me, something was not right, or missing. I tried to project myself into the scheme of things, but alas, no success . The little one was in his element, sounds of pure pleasure emanated involuntarily from his mouth,Great day!Having read comics etc of Disney characters, in my youth, the whole *theatre of disney* did not bring any uplift to my enthusiasm for the theme park. As stated earlier, I cannot put any rhyme nor reason to this , so just went along, accompanying him, enjoying the fact that, here is a child who is enjoying himself!Would I return, under extreme duress, but for the wee one, it would be, CAN I GO AGAIN?..
We had 2 full days at Disneyland (2 day pass $698HK). We could've filled another day. Be sure to tell staff if it's your birthday. We got extra special treatment the day my friend had a birthday. It's best to get there early, locals and Chinese arrived both days around lunchtime. If you can go a weekday it's much less busy. Whatever you do, don't miss the fireworks at closing, it's breath taking. Best Disneyland outside US.
I loved the 2 days we spent at Disney. We bought a 2 day pass which you do not have to use on consecutive days. It was our first ever visit to Disney with 2 girls aged 7 & 9. We were lucky to visit on the last day of the Chrisas festivities, as we had read that a couple of the rides would be closing for refurbishment after 4th Jan. We also got to see Mickey and Minnoe in their Christmas outfits. The best ride was definitely Space Mountain, however you have got to love The Teacups! The best show we saw was The Lion King show, just amazing! The singers wereGreat and the costumes were amazing, I cannot imagine that Broadway could do it much better. The attention to detail amazed me from the metro carriage where the windows and hold handles were in the iconic shape of Mickeys head as werethe waffles and ice creams, even the small things like the park benches and the decorative fountains had been Disneyfied! The only thing that let it down was the food, which did surprise me, I understand that they are catering for huge amounts of visitors but this is the one thing that lets most theme parks down.Our girls also loved the parades where you can see all the characters in one place, dancing along to the music.Our girls are so not into the whole princess thing but they did thoroughly enjoy it as there was so much more to it than just Princesses. We would definitely go to a Disney somewhere in the world again. If your children have ever watched DisneyMovies then they will love it, our favourite land was Toy Story Land. A must for children of all ages!
It's was lovely and magical, my children range from 4 years of age to 13 years old. The baby (4 yO) loved it but is unable to ride on all the rides as she was too little but for the older ones they didn't feel like there was enough good rides for them in comparison Warner Brothers theme parks. We bought a 2 day pass and booked for the  dinner with the Disney character dinner both sittings, dinner was beautiful and Disney characters was great unfortunately because we were there for both sittings the characters obviously changed shifts with different photographers and they have taken so much photographs that we've decided not to take any (not to mention they were very expensive  dinner was expensive enough as it was). Never the less all the kids enjoyed it and thought it was very Magical but they all agreed not to go back to any disneyland again.
It was a truly magical experience to visit Hong Kong Disneyland with my family. Our boy and girl (9 & 7) loved it. Park was just the right size for kids, and is very easy to navigate through without getting lost. It is sufficiently staffed, all speak some English, very clearly sign posted and very clean. It was a Thursday so no long ques, max 20 mins wait.Kid's favorites were the Jungle River Cruise, Mystic Manor, meet and greet Elsa and Anna and Mickey   s PhilharMagic cinema. Space Mountain ride was unique and bit scary. Fantasy Parade and Disney Paint the Night parades were spectacular (don't miss these).Unfortunately 'It   s a small world' and 'Disneyland Railroad' were closed on that day. Also the Sleeping Beauty Castle was covered with temporary boards as it was undergoing refurbishment, so missed a good photo opportunity!We had our Indian vegetarian food lunch at the Tahitian Terrace. Food was quite good and reasonably priced.We reached there quite easily by MTR thanks to the Hong Kong's excellent public transport system. Come to Sunny Bay station by regular MTR, then the special Micky Mouse train will take you to the door step of the Disneyland. We entered the park at 12 noon and finished at 8.30 pm when the park closed. Fire works were spectacular, don't miss. Return trip was smooth even with the big crowd exiting the park.It was truly a magical experience for all of us. Disneyland shall not be missed if you are visiting Hong Kong with kids.
It's my 2nd time to HK Disneyland and it still never fails to amaze me at my age (30's). I just hope the shows will vary from time to time so one can still look forward to watching those shows again when they return next time. When we came, new attractions are the  Paint The Night  parade,  PhilharMagic , and the meet & greet  Frozen  characters. I just hope they add more new Disney characters like in the movies Brave and Wall E. The Iron Man experience is ongoing construction at the time. I also wish opening time will be earlier like 9am perhaps, and also, more affordable food and merchandise. So I can shop more and eat more! But overall, I will definitely come back again with family and friends. Truly a magical experience!
Very Interesting theme park. Had a lots of fun. Awesome rides. Amazing shows and performances. Nice Attractions. Food was just amazing. 100% Recommend.
This disneyland is not as big as our expectation, but still good good to have fun. Better takes 2 days pass to go in there, more cheaper and good for kids. And better take the ticket form asia travel.com, more cheaper. 'Paint the night' disney parade is one more good attraction here. For food is quite expensive too, and you can buy voucher meal from asia travel.com too. For shopping area, is very good and must shopping for disney's stuff here. Good quality.
After being to other Disney parks, this is the smallest. Going on a weekday, it wasn't so busy so the longest we waited was 45 min. There wasn't many thrill rides but all very cute and gorgeous. Access to Disneyland is very easy via metro. Good day out with kids
Going here is really convenient because of MTR. The Disney MTR is fantastic! People will start taking photos inside the train. The whole Disneyland is excellent. Maps are everywhere and it is not hard to locate places. Animation Academy is also wonderful. However, prepare to listen to a Chinese speaking artist.
Dont go on sunday or saturday just go during monday to friday less queue otherwise u will be bugged in each ride for above an hour the place a heaven so clean and for Indian food go in thaitan restaurant must visit once a very important destination and took a mtr and reach in 20 min...and the shopping is awesome must shop anything from disneyland
We had a great day at Hong Kong Disneyland. We arrived at 10:20 AM and had managed to walk around the entire site by about 1:00 PM. We had expected huge crowds but were pleasantly surprised by it being very comfortable right up until the Parade at 3:00 PM. Managed lots of rides and could have easily have ridden all of the rides.
They had a few roller coasters...but most of the park is geared for families with younger children. The big roller coasters were space mountain and the classic miner train one.... but other than that... I don't remember many  thrilling  rides... for that kind of thing visit Ocean Park. they had many more coaster type rides.
Being from the US, it is easy to have in your mind, how all Disneylands are supposed to be. Well, drop the bar because the HK Disney is much smaller and therefore missing the key attractions we are used to. But the biggest thing missing is the food. Don't come here expecting to eat US food anywhere. Even the popcorn is different   honey mustard flavored. The chocolate dipped banana is packaged in bite sized pieces. I will say the mango Dole whip was the highlight. We ate on Main Street at the Coca Cola branded restaurant and it was meh. Nothing Coca Cola at all but the location was right for the night time light parade. We had a little extra show as there was a HKer yelling at a Mainland tourist for what appeared to be a cutting in line.Kids loved the Thunder Mountain like ride because there was a twist when the ride went backwards. Loved shopping in the Main Street store. The mugs are really cute and a few of the shirts were nice. Most of the shirts are garrish; very loud and overly detailed. Yuck.The train is cute with Mickey shaped windows and handlebars. There is a display in each train which has an enclosure with a bronze like character inside.Would I go again? Nope. Check on the bucket list. We got lucky on the timing. Went on a Friday early afternoon and stayed until closing at 830. Let the crowd go ahead otherwise you are backed up on the train landing.
Excellent. Dream od visiting disney land for our families fullfilled. Single ticket for all rides again is good and so many rides,shows, full of thrill and fun. Especially star ride in new world, and mine train.We all once again became children
A must see when in Hong Kong. Prices maybe expensive, crowded during holidays so better go during off peak seasons because long lines for disney character picture taking and rides are waste of time but definitely should be included in the itinerary. I suggest to try the Space Mountain, Grizzly Mountain ride and the Mystic Manor rides. You can also try to see for more relaxed rides with kids is the Jungle river cruise, the It's a small world and Cinderella's carousel. Definitely will enjoy even in your teens.
What an amazing place...where adults can be children again.this is a must see , especially those with families.The train trip there with Mickey Mouse windows sets the scene for a fantastic day......you may find yourself wanting to go back for more.
If it weren't for the lineups, it would take me like 3 hours to go through every thing. The park is really small in compare to other Disneyland parks. There were only a handful of rides you can go for and they are mostly for children 6 years or under. The experience was not impressive and I wouldn't go back in the future at all.
We had spend our Christmas day at Disneyland and there are lots of people on that day. It's easy to reach by MTR and bus station just outside the park. Great park for kids, especially those who grown up with Disneyland characters. Sadly we only able to catch the short  raincoat  version of parade on that day due to rain. Luckily we still able to see the fireworks at night!
a place you need to visit when you go to Hong Kong. Don't leave Hong Kong if you have not visited this place. perfect!
I have visited both Disneyland and Disneyworld in the US. While this park is not as large it very much embodies the Disney model. Characters, themes, rides, restaurants and MERCHANDISE. We traveled there by the special Disney MRT from Central. The admission price was very reasonable and once inside there is a full day's entertainment to be had   including the night time parade and fireworks. We stayed for over nine hours and thoroughly enjoyed the experience. A great day out in Hong Kong!
Disneyland Hong Kong was an amazing place to visit, I only did 1 day there are most of the rides were for younger children and I had 2 teenagers. Even though we thoroughly enjoyed every moment and loved the parades. My favourite was the night time parade!
great Disneyland   very family friendly, esp if you have kids under 10. Try to go on a weekday   much less crowded than the weekend. Get there early (it opens at 10am)   we found the wait for the rides around 10mins or so before 11am and then again after 6pm. Otherwise the wait times are around 30 40mins on average (some less some more). If you're not overly keen on rides, start lining up at the gazebo to have your pic with both Mickey and Minnie. (later they'll head over to the garden bit near the dumbo ride where the other characters are, but Mickey and Minnie are separate then) Bring your own water and snacks fruit   our kids got hungry with all the walking about and although the food is reasonable, it can get quite exxy by the end of the day. They have water fountains about the park also. Definitely try and catch the afternoon parade and the 7pm light parade   kids LOVED it. The shows are good also. For the FROZEN fans   there is a reservation system to have your photos with ana and elsa   when the park opens at 10am   head to fantasy land (go towards the castle, just before you go through the entry to the castle, take the path that veers left) Near the frozen stage you will find staff handing out passes to have pictures with Elsa and Ana. You'll need to show your ticket again to get the pass. They run out pretty quickly and once they're gone, they're gone   no frozen pics! If you think that you might do two days or more then consider getting an annual pass   for the entry level one (silver) it's the same as two separate day entries (though you can't use it most weekends) although there is also a two day pass (which is slightly cheaper) you have to use it on consecutive days.   I hope that makes sense : ) Also if your kids like stickers   make sure to ask the staff at the rides   most have stickers in their pockets that they hand out if you ask. Hope that helps   have fun.
We went to disneyland for our son's birthday and boy, were we in for a treat! If it us your little one's birthday on the exact day of visit, go to the  townhall  and the friendly staff will pin a button on your child's shirt announcing that it is his her birthday. This made the day extra special for our little one, each shop we visited, they gave stickers and what nots to our kiddo, he got express chance to have his photos taken with some characters, plus the crew around the park also handed him more stickers to collect. Might be a small thing for us, grownups, but it made the day more special for our child. We loved all the rides specially the Toy Story ones. Our son's ultimate favorite is the Grizzly Gulch ride, it was exciting and thrilling for all ages. The food though was just ok. The turkey leg which wad popular amongst the park goers were bland and gummy. The mickey waffle was ok. Wish they had more options. To cap off the day, the traditional disney characters parade was awesome, well executed and entertaining till the end. If you wish to get to the train going back to the city though, you must start heading to the station before the fireworks is over, else there will be gazillions of people gunning for the trains right after the show. Over all an awesome, magical day for our family. Can't wait to go back!
This is the smallest Disneyland resort that my wife and I have been to, but we still had a great time. We went on Christmas, and it was raining which actually turned out to be a blessing in disguise. This kept the crowds at bay and the queues to a minimum. My wife and I are both from the Northwest US, so this little sprinkle was nothing. We were one of the first groups in the park and the last to leave, there was enough for us to do between the rides, shows, parades, fireworks, Christmas tree lighting and food to keep us busy the whole day.It sort of follows the same layout as the California Park but everything is miniaturized. Also there are a few rides that have a slight twist to them. For instance rather than having the classic Big Thunder Mountain, they had the Runny Away Mine Cars which actually turned out to be a great ride. I wish they would have done a little better with the Toy Story land, the scenery was good, but the rides were more carnivalish. Also was missing some of the classics like Pirates & Matterhorn. Overall it was a great day, I can't imagine doing multi day trips to this park, but one day is perfect, especially if the queues are short. I felt the scenery was nice too with the natural mountains behind the castle   the park. It's also super easy to get to! So no excuses if you want to find the kid in yourself again and you are in Hong Kong!
Spectacular. Could have been the happiest place on earth if not for some rude staffs. The staffs at the golden mickey show were the not the friendliest. Although, it doesn't ruin the jolly vibe of the place. If you don't want to go for the rides you can enjoy the musical shows. I love the parade and specially the fireworks. Truly, spectacular. You could buy ticket online. I would suggest to buy souvenirs upon arriving because the shops tend to be crowded after 4PM. There is a luggage storage. Wheelchairs and strollers are also available near the entrance.
I loved it, and i just want to go back again! i had the most fun time there and i am a 40 year old..haha
Spare of the moment to stop here after the 360 Ngong Cable Cars..Very easy to get too...The rides are good and the shows were in English too....Plenty of food places to eat,..The parade was brilliant ... good old HK lights at its best..Staff were really friendlyOnly wish the castle was like the Paris Disneyland
Went in Jan weather cooler and not crowded most we waited for a ride was 10min. Easy to walk around park is only small, two days max is all you need. A must see is the 3pm parade and the 8pm night parade both spectacular. Food is not cheap but what you would expect of a theme park. You can take the MTR to the park, 5 min walk to Disneyland entrance.
Compact Disney for young familes.  If you arrive early enough you could see everything in a day.  We have an annual pass and spend at least a day a month here.
True Disney style, very clean, staff helpful, magical and great.Our daughter (7) isn't into all the big rides yet, but still had an awesome time! Yes park is smaller and only a couple of big rides, but they appear to be building new attractions...Family has been to Paris, and me to LA, I haven't noticed before the art class (drawing lesson) of Mickey Mouse, this is in Main Street on the right hand side looking towards the princess castle.. This was awesome even though we did not understand what they were saying (Chinese ) but was able to follow the drawing.Meals great, great seeing veggies and rice and noddles instead of junk food! Thought this was great.The paint the show was very clever, and miss K wand was able to change the lights on the parade at night.We visited in December and loved the christmas decorations everywhere.One happy family. Thanks
I think everyone knows that Disneyland is happiest place on earth. Yes, it really do, especially for small kids.We have a lovely time in here, and take lot of rides, like Toy Story Parachutte, Buzz Light Year Astro Blaster, Jungle Cruise, Small World, Jungle King show, and many more. The size of Hong Kong disneyland is smaller, comparing to the other Disneyland. So it's really suitable for your small kids. They can explore all the rides for only 1 day.Don't forget to see the parade and fireworks show.It can be reach quite conviniently via metro, though it's in the Lantau Island (near the airport).
Hong Kong Disneyland is a lovely place for kids to enjoy their favourite Disney characters up close and personal. The characters are realistic and fun. The rides are very enjoyable for people of all ages. The park is well laid out and even though the crowds are many, you don't notice it. The lines move quickly and we did not queue for long periods. This was my 2nd trip and I did enjoyed it on both occasions. The staff are also very friendly in line with Disney's policy. Been warned though, prices for many items including food are high.
This particular Disneyland is kid friendly. It might not be suitable for adults or teenagers who love to go on adrenaline pumping rides. Most of the attractions are less challenging. Still, it gives more than sufficient entertainment towards the whole family member.
With two exclusive lands, Grizzly Gulch and Mystic Point, there is something new discover even for the most experienced Disneyland visitor.And what   s even more exciting is the latest addition of the world   s first interactive Disney light parade, the Disney Paint the Sky Parade. This amazing parade allows visitors to become a part of the parade by changing the colours of the scenes with their    Mickey Magic Paint Brush   . The magical paint brush can also activate hidden    Magical Art    pieces throughout the park during the day, so it   s definitely worth purchasing one to experience all the Disney magic.Check out our travel blog for more photos:http:  www.wanderlustchronicles.com.au  !Hong Kong Disneyland c235k 82F26891 6CFF 432F A9F0 9F53999B857B
We took a day and went to Disney in HK, just to have an escape. Easy to get to on the MTR. Very clean. Buy tickets at the Hong Kong station of the MTR and save one queue for tickets at Disney. Go early and the lines everywhere are minimal. (We did go on Thursday, so I can't speak to weekend lines.) Definitely smaller and less to do than at the U.S. Disneys. I thought the Mine Car ride was great! So we're the shows; especially the Lion King show.
This is a small park with only 2 rollercoasters for older kids.You can cover the park easily in a day.Advise that you rather save the money and go to the US Disney if you are thinking of making a special trip here.Has halal food.You can take your own food into the park.People were really polite.You can save about 10% by buying your tickets on the Kowloon Promenade. There are 2 kiosks.Easily accessible by metro.Clean toilets.Parade is really nice.
Yes it is smaller, but most times its much less populated than Anaheim or Orlando, so there's just enough people to make it feel inhabited but no long waits for rides  the new Mystic Point ride is fantastic, and we rode three times! Some rides are almost the same ones you're familiar with (Space Mountain, Jungle Safari) with several new rides that are really fun! Half the fun is taking a peek at the menus and cart offerings as they are quirky and fun  squid popsicles, dried fish snacks, alongside more conventional offerings. One item I could not get used to was the 'jumbo hot dog on a bun  slathered in....cream of mushroom soup sauce...All in all, it was fun and enough attractions to keep you interested all day.
Great to visit and great size and easy to get around and to and from the city. Layout was good and staff were excellent. The only bad point was the prices of foods inside was very expensive for basic things like water and coke and snacks was very expensive compared to outside prices . Overall a good day out and worth a visit for sure when in Hong Kong . Clean and very helpful staff and over all well organized.
I enjoyed their parade so much. It was a magical experience. The fireworks display was superb. Felt like a kid again.
We visited Disneyland during the week of Christmas. We reached almost immediately after the park opened for the day. We managed to cover 5 out of the 6 zones elaborately in a single day. Food outlets and snack bars are conveniently and adequately located throughout the park. It was a fairytale like experience for our entire family right from our 7 year old daughter to our old parents.
No place in the world brings a wide grin to the faces of children or the inner child out of an adult like Disneyland. The Hong Kong Disneyland is the newest of the Disney theme parks and probably the smallest, it is easily do able in one day.The stand outs for me were the Lion King show, Space Mountain, RC Racer, and Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars. I found Stitch Encounter pretty funny, but that might vary slightly on a show to show basis as it depends on audience interaction. The fireworks at the end of the night was great as usual.Not the biggest or most impressive of Disney's theme parks (in fact, Cinderella's castle looks pretty small compared to the other castles), but a great day out none the less.
I'm in my mid 20s, and sad to say, I have never thought of going Hong Kong Disneyland despite going Hong Kong so many times. Because I always feel that Disneylands are for children and it will take up my time to shop and eat in Hong Kong. That having been said, this time I went with my family, (2 elderlys, 3 adults and 2 child) and we bought out tickets from a counter at the Hong Kong airport arrival hall. It's almost a 20 30% discount from the original ticket price so all of you PLEASE TAKE NOTE! You can buy the tickets immediately after you get out of the airport! It will be more worth it.Too many wonderlands, too many spectacular rides and games and performances! The games for winning soft toys are fun and entertaining, most importantly, very easy to get prizes! Definitely a fun filled day for families. We booked a 7 seater car for 2 way transport about $190sgd, and it's very convenient and we do not have to squeeze with the crowd for taxis and trains. Quite worth when you have young ones!Spend the entire day there (might not be enough even) and watch the spectacular fireworks at night! :) If you have the cash, you can book the hotels there to stay! If not, stay somewhere else is fine also!MUST GO!
Very Disappointing. It took near on two hours of lining up just to get in. Once inside we did not end up going on any of the rides as the signs said the wait time for all rides were around 1 to 1.5 hours. The crowds in the lines and around the park itself were overwhelming. We were expecting to see Mickey Mouse and other Disney folk walking around and mingling with the crowds to add to the atmosphere of Disneyland, however we only saw these characters in the opening parade. After a long exhausting unadventful day of seeing practically nothing and with a two year old who was worn out from all the waiting and walking and still waiting to see  Mickey Mouse  we ended up leaving before the night parade and fireworks. We went on a Friday so maybe if we had gone on a weekday it may not have been as crowded.
Went here in December, so it was not hot, but it was not too cold either. We pre purchased the ticket from our hotel so we didn't have to line up, got there 15 minutes after the park was open.We managed to go on 2 rides in the space of 30 minutes, but after that we had to wait for at least 30 minutes sometimes 50 minutes to go on a ride.Disneyland Hongkong is very suitable for young children, I think there are only 2 3 rides with height restriction, you can also hire a stroller there so you don't have to bring your own.Just a little tip, if you don't mind missing the parade, I'd recommend you to go on the rides during parade time, because most people would be watching the parade and the rides would be empty.
Went out to here this year as a surprise treat for the kids in Christmas! The kids absolutely loved it, there was so many things to do for both the young and the elder people. One of my favourite moments were queuing to take photos with the disney characters which was definitely worth it, pictures are now in my photo album. Food there is good, perhaps a little pricey even but there are many snack places to go that you should visit. If you stay in the evening, the fireworks are a must  see since they were a brilliant way to end the day! They have loads of places to purchase unique souvenirs too, we splashed out a little there! Recommend to all families!
Having lived in Florida and holidayed in California, Disney has been well and truly tried and tested and then some, being one of my favourite places to visit. So when we visited Hong Kong on our World Trip at the end of last year, we just had to visit Disney Hong Kong. I had read about it and knew beforehand it was considerably smaller than Disneyland CA. However what we were not prepared for was the lack of people visiting this park which although it made the queues for the rides a joy, being able to just walk up to the attraction and there be only up to 10 people waiting in line or simply non at all, it lacked atmosphere and character. The Asian people are certainly not as demonstrative as the Americans, which all adds to the fun and flavour of the visit and makes it exciting and buzzy. You could see European people coming through the gates and looking around in amazement as we had done, especially if they had been to the US parks. The parades were excellent as with the evening electric light parade which was very high tech. The fireworks at the end of the evening were beautiful too as with all Disney parks. They don't have electric wheel chairs, so I pushed my husband around in a normal wheelchair which certainly burned off the calories! Leaving the park once the fireworks had finished was very easy, there is a train station right by the entrance which we chose not to take as to get back to our hotel we would have had to make several changes, but the option is there, but we took a taxi and there was not one person in line before us. The taxi ride was around 45 minutes back to Happy Valley area in Hong Kong and cost us approx 20 euros either way, so an obvious choice for us. It was worth a visit as its Disney and the cost of a park entrance for us as over 65 years old was the princely price of 11 euros each, the regular cost was minimal. It was disappointing, but still a must visit for us.
Very nice, modern park. Everything was good except local food. Be careful of food staff if you are not local. Evening parade in the dark is especially spectacular. One day is more than enough for hole park. Very convenient connection to Hong Kong subway. Must try RC racer   most breathtaking attraction. Atopia   waist of time (especially if somebody slow before you).
We (2 adults, 2 teens 17 & 14) attended on a Sunday (due to birthday) and it was very busy. We have been to Anaheim Disneyland and you shouldn't compare them. Yes it is smaller and has fewer rides but we still had an amazing day. The Lion King show should not be missed   amazing. The Parades and fireworks were terrific   get a spot early and hold your spot   some locals tried to push us out of our spots on numerous occasions. Food is expensive but what do you expect. Had a lovely day. If you want rides that thrill go to Ocean Park. We had a fabulous day there the following day and it being a Monday there was not a crowd.
Visiting this place is full of great memories to be remembered.. even if this place is a bit far from where I stayed in hongkong. I've stayed in kowloon area and from there it takes 45mins ride by train going to disneyland.
We went on a Thursday ! Great weather .. not so much people . Headed for the newer rides first thing   grizzly gulch mine cars , mystic manor and toy story land   about 5 to 10mins queue only ! Before it got crowded .Remember to catch the lion king show. It's very worth watching . The standard improved since the previous visit 3 years ago ! You can also get fast pass for the rides with long queue to come back later .. especially Winnie the pooh .The light show at night was a sight must watch ! Food was good but abit expensive.
Our family had a fun day out at Disney Land. Great for young kids but also some fun rides for teenagers too. Our favourite rides were Space Mountain and the Golden mine ride rollercoaster. The one thing we were horribly disappointed in was the pathetic excuse of a castle. Only the bottom half is real and then there is just a cardboard like wall at the top. Looks very fake. We caught the MTR from Central Station (we stayed at 4 Seasons which is directly above that station) to Sunny Bay and then changed over to the Disney line. Much cheapier and easier than catching a trip, also faster. Overall it was a good day and I would recommend it to anyone travelling to Hong Kong. Visited 9th Jan 2015
We've been to the original Disneyland in LA and although HK Disneyland is not as big, it's just as fun. Getting there is super easy, just on the MTR to Sunny Bay and aboard the Disney themed train which the kids loved.The queues are not as long as LA Disneyland, we didn't wait more than 20 30 minutes for any rides or photos, and we went on a weekend. Food is expensive, and of mediocre quality. Like any other Disneyland beware of the price for everything inside including drinks, snacks, balloons, toys etc. Everything is marked up! Come prepared, remember to also bring a pram (or you can hire one) as the kids won't want to walk more than a couple of hours. We visited in winter so the temperature was quite comfortable. However I can imagine how unbearable it would be in the middle of summer, there don't seem to be many venues or rides with air conditioning (except Space Mountain and a few restaurants).Overall the rides are fun, the atmosphere is happy and it generally feels safe. Just come prepared to spend a bit on food drinks toys and you'll have a great time!
The park itself is amazing, if you want loads of keychain souvenirs this is the perfect place! The waffle Mickey Mouse shape is a must try treat!! Make sure if you book online or with an agency your voucher had a barcode if not be ready with customer service number of where you get it! Without the bar code to scan they can't let you in ;)))
Visited Hong Kong Disneyland last August 2014 and it was a dream come true! I loved everything about the place. Really a worth it experience... Stay until the fireworks cause it really a spectacular to watch. no firework display here in the Philippines can compare to what Disneyland Fireworks Show offer. One thing i dont like during our visit was the weather... It was really hot. Best month to travel Hong Kong Disneyland is during November to January. it wont be that hot. Plan to visit again next time...
If you bring child, especially girl, then this place is a must. They will love to meet the Disney princesses. The Golden Mickey show was very good, there's even English translation in the monitor in front though the show in Cantonese Mandarin. The shops also nice. If you stay in Disneyland hotel then you won't have to worry about transport as they provided free shuttle bus. If you stay outside then the MTR also near. Most of the staffs understand English as well.
The place is great for kids and I took my children there last month. There were a lot of people dressed in custumes. The late show with the fire works was very good. The food and drinks were really expensive though. I suggest eating before going there and the lines were very long. There were a lot of people when i went but the weather was cool and nice otherwise in the summer may be too hot.
here brief review i can share:  can be reached by MTR easily, around 20 minutes from Jordan MTR  entrance fee is around 68 usd.   avoid public holiday weekend to visit if you wanna try all the attractions.  souvenirs price are reasonable  most attractions are well package  attractions that not open due to some reason can be checked in advance in their website.
Disneyland Hong Kong is so far the best attraction in Hong Kong in my opinion. The place is maintained, the staffs are helpful and can speak English, the merchandise are good, and has plenty of attractions and parades. The foods are expensive compared to the average in HK as expected (more than 100 HKD). Even in the new year eve the place is still reasonably crowded, not jam packed. The queue for every attraction is around 30 60 min during peak seasons, if you are lucky there are some attractions with only 10 min queue.
Nice place to soend time with your friends and family. Many attractions with iconic characters from disney. You can meet the disney characters and see the parade.
First, to my fellow travelers who have been to Florida Disney World, no, it does not compare. That said, why should it? HK Disney is a magical experience in and of itself. Since the last time I was here three years ago, the park has more than doubled in size. Toy story land is open and wonderful. Construction remains ongoing and Grizzly Gluch is open, though it leaves a lot to be desired. Food in this park, at least at the Mei Sum hosted restaurant, blows Florida Disney food out of the water! Definitely the park can be done in a day, provided that it is not a public holiday or weekend, even with kids in tow. I'd advise that you go on a weekday as we were able to do all desired rides and some ride 2 3 times.
For those who grew up watching fairy tails, this place is awesome!  Don't forget to ride their roller coaster.. it's fun!
I went to Disneyland with my family some time in October and I didn't really like I arrived at 11AM and left at about 4PM because it was boring. There were only a few rides and they lasted for a few minutes. The only person that was available to take a picture with was Mickey Mouse. Their were no other characters to take pictures with. The staff were a bit rude.Don't think I'll ever be returning to this Disneyland again.
Great park. Space mountain, Grizzly gulch, Buzz light year are always hits. Park keeps getting better as it grows. Clean, friendly and still the most magical place in Hong Kong. Arrive when the park opens for very short lines. Was able to ride Grizzly gulch twice with no wait right after park opened. Parade is always a great show.
it is so fun that my son and daughter don't wanna go back to hotel.....the park is very accesible from town cause they have train station
Disneyland in Anaheim felt like a magical place. Everyone was so happy and smiley it really felt like a magical other world. Unfortunately, you don't get the Disney magic here in Hong Kong. The staff are helpful when approached but it's not in their nature to be magical.The park was small and easy for our young children to navigate. We went on a Monday and Wednesday and it was a lot quieter in the middle of the week.Lots of tourists from the mainland who, unfortunately, did lots of queue cutting and pushing and shoving. One old lady quite aggresively pushed past my 3 year old to get a seat in the 3D show, and the auditorium was only half full.
I loved, loved, loved Hong Kong Disneyland. Is it better than Anaheim? Of course not, don't be silly. But it was fun comparing the differences and similarities. Just a few tips:  If you are near any MTR stop, getting to the park is easy. The very last transfer is aboard a Disney car, and I loved the little Disney touches on it.   We went on two days, a Saturday (after New Years, last day of their Christmas celebration, so naturally a big day) and on the following Monday. Even on the Saturday the park didn't start to feel crowded until early afternoon. We were able to walk right onto rides all morning, and on most of the day on Monday.  The only two rides that had Fast Passes were Space Mountain and, inconceivably, Winnie The Pooh. They freaking love Winnie The Pooh over here. So if you have kids, make sure you get to that one early. In the afternoons the lines there were longer than anything else we saw in the park.   The live shows were great.  The Golden Mickeys  and  Lion King  are both worth seeing.   The  Stitch  encounter is reminiscent of the one with Crush (the turtle from Finding Nemo) in Anaheim. The show I saw wasn't perhaps quite as successful, but with an international audience you are bound to get hit some language barriers. Still fun.   Mystic Manor is a different sort of take on the Haunted Mansion. The effects are great and it is a lot of fun.   We did the drawing class and drew Olaf. The class is only offered in Chinese, but by just following along we had no problems. I still can't believe how they can make it seem like I can draw things, cause I could never replicate that outside of those classes.   Really the only complaint I had was the food. Theme park food is always going to be expensive, and I know this is in Hong Kong. But the Anaheim park has at least a couple of decently priced options. Everything here is pretty expensive. And perhaps it is my own fault for ordering a cheeseburger in Asia, but it was not very good. (And was one of the cheapest options at something like $14 USD)We stayed for the fireworks, which was pretty crowded. We were dreading going back to the MTR to get back into town thinking it would be overrun, but Disney knows their stuff, and despite the crowds were able to get right on a train. TIP: Make sure you have your ticket purchased already. The lines for the ticket machines themselves weren't completely ridiculous, but you will save yourself time buying them earlier. The park is small, so if you were pressed for time one day is enough if you manage your time well. We enjoyed having the luxury of two days and felt like we got to do absolutely everything we wanted to do, including seeing the stage shows twice. Highly recommended for Disney fans!
This was my first visit to any Disneyland. We had kept aside a day for Disney land during our 3 days visit to HK. We had booked a day ticket online. How to reach: If you are in the Kowloon area, take an MTR to Sunny Bay station. There's a Disney special metro to take you to the Disneyland. Try reaching this place early....since it gets crowded. The entire disneyland is divided into 6 theme zones. Each zone has a very different look and feel, few rides, lots of disney characters, bathrooms, eating joints etc. Get your map, show timings etc. information right at the main street once you enter. There are several shows during the day , which you should not miss. Most of the rides have long queues ....so be prepared for standing for as long as 60 minutes. Try getting back to the mainstreet for the evening parade at 7.30 pm   this is one thing you should not miss. The place is so lively with hundreds of people waiting on either side of the brightly lit street for the parade to begin. Fireworks is at 9.00 pm and that's when this place closes down. You can also take a two day pass.
This was our fourth adventure to Hong Kong Disneyland and I'd still go back. It's the perfect size Disneyland for just one day and the crowds aren't overwhelming like they are in other Disneylands (like Tokyo). It's roughly AU $90 for the day which isn't too bad. We barely waited for anything at all   rides, shows, you name it! The longest line we waited in was the one at the gift shop which was a great relief after visiting Tokyo Disney the week before where the wait time for everything was between 1 2 hours. We took the train there, didn't take too long to get to Disneyland station   and then you get to ride the Disneyland Resort Line, that Disney themed train is a must! We got there around 10am and didn't have to line up for tickets either. They had a new night parade this year which was pretty cool but we left at around 7 or 8, definitely before the fireworks as it's less busy on the train then.
Disney HK was such a different experience compared to the US ones!First   you could buy the admission tickets in the subway station before getting to the park   that would save you some time. Then they have their own direct subway train that will take you all the way to the park! How cool is that ! no parking worries !The ONE best experience we had was we paid for our own host  it was very pricey but it paid off. She was like our fast pass. For three hours, she took us to all of our favorite rides and instead of getting in line, we went in the special vip or fast pass lines without having to queue up ! We just kept going on and if we wanted to re ride the ride, we would get off, and then hop back on without having to get out! Best dollars spent!The park also has the best MAXIM dimsum! We must have sat there for over two hours   enjoying every dimsum dish that came our way ( all dishes were our favorite) but the airconditioning kept us in there because it was so humid outside.Be wary of crowds and time ! It gets crowded and packed ( and some people out there just do not believe in manners and will cut you off !)
We have visited a few Disney properties over the last few years and Hong Kong's Disneyland is much smaller than the other properties but still a great day out. Even during peak Christmas season this meant significantly shorter wait times than we have experienced anywhere else. The transport system is also excellent allowing a very quick trip back to Causeway Bay at the closure of the park. Had a great pho for lunch near Mystic Manor. Merchandise was not at the level we expected with a much clearer focus on providing for children over adults but we think this may have something to do with the fact that the park has only been open 10 years and has not yet reached that second generation of attendees. Given time, this will only continue to improve.
During our last days of our Honeymoon trip to Asia we were in Hong Kong and decided to spend the afternoon @ DisneyLand (4:30pm to 8:30pm).It was a really interesting experience, especially for only 4 hours at the park.We have been at Disney parks before (Anaheim & Orlando), and despite the fact that HK's park is smaller, we had an extraordinary time!It was a very good surprise to see no waiting time at the queues for attractions.You have to take into consideration the size of the park and the fact that you're in Asia.Despite this, you will have a very close sense of a Disney park experience.Stores are the same as in Orlando or LA.Toy Story land was awesome, something you won't see in other parks.If you have time and you already attended other touristic attractions in HK, you should give this park a try, you won't regret it.Access is really easy if you take HK's subway.
We went there at about 11am and the place was already crowded. Had to queue up to 45 mins for some rides so we went for those with shorter queue. After the parade in the afternoon, the rides had less people and we started going for the rides. In the evening the place was packed again as some have returned for the night parade and fireworks. The souvenir stores were so crowded that my family had to wait outside while I grab some toys and souvenirs for the kids. My advice is that you buy the souvenirs in the afternoon where the shops are not packed. Still worth going as its a haven for kids.
every corner in there is full of fairy tale. Beautiful and so much fun for the children and adults. It will take you all day to try all attractions. Come early if you do not want to wait in the long queues. Take water and food with you. Inside is expensive.
I doubt that this park's standards are even close to other disney theme parks around the globe but I'm sure every kid would enjoy it here. Almost every ride is intended for kids. My favorite part of out trip to Disneyland would be the fireworks at night, with matching disney songs that I grew up singing playing in the background. It really takes me somewhere else, somewhere magical. The rest, I'd say  okay .If you are traveling with kids, specially toddlers this would be perfect! But if you're travelingwith friends (high school college young adults) I would rather recommend ocean park for more thrill rides!
Disneyland did not have much to offer. P  or value for money. Ocean Park runs rings around Disneyland
Yes, there's actually a lot of activities to do in Disneyland, the only problem is the waiting time for each attraction is quite long and boring especially for the impatient kids!! The number of attractions and with a wide variety of them well suited for all ages provides the edge over other themes parks. Your best bet would be to hit the park on a weekday during a non holiday   off season to ensure you can really make the most if it. Overall a very good experience with the icing on the cake being the evening fireworks !!!
There are five themed areas within the park. Each section has one or maximum two high thrill rides, the rest are for little kiddies. There is insufficient seating for those who purchase from the take out vendors (forcing you to sit at an EXPENSIVE restaurant). All food is overpriced. Some staff don't understand English. If there were more rides for older children and adults, this could be a value for money destination. I must apologise as I am comparing HK Disney with Disney Orlando!
I love Disneyland and excited when i reached there. It was amazing and I felt like back to my childhood. I didn't eat until morning. maybe i'm too excited. there are too many land that i need to played and finally i saw the firework at 8pm. everyone gathered at one park and saw the firework.
Visiting Disneyland was the first activity listed for our trip to Hong Kong. Arrived early and enjoyed Space Mountain and the Grizzly Runaway Mine Cars almost to ourselves, although it was New Years Eve. Went on the mine car ride twice without having to wait. Made our way through the different worlds and enjoyed a number of rides with short wait times. We saw a little of the lunchtime parade, but took advantage of the fact that food outlets were almost empty and grabbed lunch.Kids were exhausted by 3pm, ride waits were now in excess of 30 minutes, so decided to go back to our accommodation. MTR (public transport authority) has a dedicated train station with regular services, and worked out an easy way to travel there.Plenty of choices in regards to food options and prices were reasonable.All in all, a good day out enjoyed by kids and parents alike.
This place was hot and humid...even closed for a day due to a typhoon and I had prepaid so I lost use of that day as there are no refunds there no matter what. Nice rides..but LOTS of walking...be sure you plan out your day so if you want pictures with Mickey and Minnie that you will be in the right place..they only do it for two hours...and that is it..10 am to noon I think. Make sure you have plenty of water....i like the origonal Disneyland better but this is a close second
there were just too many people because it was a holiday, but manageable.Park opens late morning (11am) so I suggest you eat up first if you want to come in early as there are no restaurants outside the park.
This is smallest Disneyland but good size for families with children and elders. If you want to have Afternoon Tea need to reserve in advance when you arrive otherwise it will be finished. Price is reasonable cheaper than branded cafe like Charlie Brown or Kitty Cafe and good taste.
This is easy to access amusement park. It has everything a family with kids are looking for. Lot of different options. I think this is great fit for younger kids, not really for teens. Tomorrow land and Adventureland are nice. Parades are less interesting.Easy access from city centre is good. Disneyland has also enough dining options. Prices could be bit lower, but it is not really expensive. Biggest negative thing is waiting times. Too many people are coming here from mainland China and they often don't behave so well when we are supposed to wait peacefully our turn.
I was so excited to go to Disneyland and it did not disappoint!! Actually better than I ever imagined. It was an amazing day, I only wish we had children to bring along with us as they all seemed to be having the time of their life. There are big lines for rides and attractions but it's to be expected and they usually move quite fast. We found after dark the lines were a lot smaller. The fireworks at the end are probably the best fireworks display I have ever seen! So impressed!!! Only warnings are the train ride home was crazy busy, could hardly move, worth it for one of the best days of my life :) would love to visit again, maybe in the future with children
We are Disney fans and went to all Disney theme parks in the world many times. Waiting for Shanghai. Disney Hk is still the least exciting.Last went to HK Disneyland 5 yrs ago   not sure when the 3 addl attractions were ready (3yrs ?) but better now with them. more fun ! Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars   going forward and backward was thrilling. Good ride! Mystic Manor carriage ride was pleasant with just 1 scary surprise ! The rest pretty standard. The food standard was also better now.
Theme park for kids, teens and young at heart. The park is huge and has a lot to offer. It has shops, restaurants, musical show, rides and parade. If you are looking for extreme rides then Disneyland is not your place. The night parade is really amazing and jaw dropping. I wasn   t impressed by the fireworks display maybe because I expected too much based on the reviews that I have read. One thing that I noticed is they don   t have priority line for pregnant, disabled and elderly.
This Disneyland is not to the Disney standard I'm used to, having been to Paris Disneyland several times. The park is small with limited number of attractions.
Visited on 2nd Jan, the place was crowded with new year travelers.Having visited Universal Studios at Sentosa  SG, I would definitely recommend this. We got a discounted day pass at 350 HKD against the usual 500 HKD as we were in transit passengers with Cathay Pacific. Try to reach sharp at 9 am, coz the waiting time at attractions is much lesser in the forenoon (15   30 mins) as compared to afternoon (60 90 mins). Rides were good  The Walt Disney themes were showcased by all elemenst of the park. Don't miss the 4 pm parade. For a snap with Mickey or Minnie (5 pm), you have to join the queue an hour earlier.
Before I arrived I was so exciting while looking at Disney website, I even regret why I didn't booked disney hotel. However when i arrived i was surprised that Disneyland Hong kong is actually not very big. I like the US Main street so much, it's very beautiful, especially the Disney stores, it's really 5 star. When i see the cute stuff i felt like buying the whole store. We had a good time in Disneyland however I am quite disappointed while queuing for taking pictures with Mickey & Minnie, the queue is extremely long (1hour) and the character even had break time for 3 times during my queue. I had no idea why. The weird thing is the guy inside said  pls wait for 30 min  while actually they break for 5 min. Then I heard him saying  this queue is 1.5 hours more  why actually is not. I think he must go and learn some more English so that people won't be shocked to hear about  time  after long queuing. I actually get used to Universal Studio where I can find many characters in 1 street but here I only saw Mickey & Minnie, Pluto, Duffy, Alice in the afternoon and in evening I only saw Mickey, Minnie, Winnie the Pooh, Pluto and Goofy in different hut. I actually expect to see more like Donald and Daisy, Princess. Then another thing is We cannot take a pic with Elsa & Anna because we do not have the ticket that they give away in the morning. I saw 1 children was crying when Elsa & Anna said goodbye. Another advise from me is please do your shopping before the Disney paint night parade because it will be super crowded. Overall I think the entry ticket should be cheaper as inside there is not much to see.
Booked a two day visit via klook.com. visited jan 2 3. jan 2 felt like the whole of hong kong went to visit the resort. long queues everywhere. average of 60 minutes queue time for rides. sometimes reaching 80 minutes! long queues for toilets too! female toilets have queues stretching as far as 20  30 meters in some parts. the golden mickey's show was such an excruciating experience. showtime was 6pm, they had as line up as early as 4:45pm and had us confined to a catwalk for more than an hour. toilet was inaccessible if you happen to be in the inner part of the queue. i had to jump over the railing to go to the toilet with my 5 year old. no such thing as priority for pregnant, persons with disabilites and families with small children (strollers). they have you line up like everyone else and a lot of people jump on queues. had an argument with some patrons more than once. some ride attendants were rude probably aggravated by language problems. one attendant in the orbitron ride was barking instructions at me and my kids and i struggled to understand. probably frustrated by me, she snapped back and said  ah bye bye!  then hurriedly left. or at least that's how she sounded.The fireworks display at 9 pm was magnificent though. better than disney anaheim as far as i remember (we were in disney anaheim back in winter 2009). but after the fireworks, people were rushing to get out and everyone seemed to be at main street. recipe for stampede! (coincidentally, the shanghai stampede accident happened around the same time). we had to stop by the side as people were pushing and shoving.went back the day after in jan 3. we queued at the gate as early as 9:15am (park gates open at 9:30 ish but park rides open at 10am) to make sure we can get a pass for the meet and greet with elsa (characters of frozen). when the gates opened, people were running towards main street to get the pass. i ran with my 8 year old and reached the main street cordon. at 10 am, the cordon was opened and we ran again toward the left side of the fantasyland castle where the passes were being handed out. i saw a mother bringing a folded stroller on one hand and her young toddler's hand on the other. the toddler stumbled and got dragged a few steps. all for just a pass for the meet and greet.we were able to get a pass and was scheduled for a 12 noon meet and greet time. we went to the spot at 11:45 and had been jumped on our queue twice! i hollered but they just ignored me. frustrating. the jan 3 visit was better. not too much people, we were able to get through most of the rides by 2pm. it's a small park after all.we booked a character dining event at the disneyland hotel. i would not recommend it. although food was good but there were only four characters present; mickey, minnie, and two bears whom i don't recall seeing in any of my kids' movies. the price for the buffet dinner was the same price i paid for the two day pass at the resort! i could've done away with the dinner and queued up in the meet and greet sites at the park (only the characters of frozen needed a pass).we were checked in at the novotel city gate and we took the mtr to disney. single journey ticket is hdk14 per adult one way. train change at sunny bay station and took the disney train for the resort.going back to the queueing in the toilets, my wife told me that the cubicles and overall floor area of the toilet facilities were way smaller than disney anaheim. i noticed too that there were a lot of males doing diaper changes for their kids since the queue for the men's toilets were shorter, if any.food quality was average for the burgers and chicken dishes. we frequented the tomorowland restaurant. we tried the chinese restaurant along main street and found their food likewise average but a bit pricey. souvenir prices were cheaper than their US counterparts. roving disney staff can speak english and were very accommodating. the others (especially some ride attendants) can be rude and can't speak and understand english.i asked my 8 year old about her preference if she ever had a chance to come back to disney, she preferred the disney at anaheim. my 6 year old can barely remember his anaheim experience so he cannot compare it with hk. my 2 year old had the time of her life during the times she was awake. overall, the kids enjoyed their time at disney hk. the feel good, happy place experience is prevalent, albeit in tighter quarters, or should i say, in smaller packages.i would recommend this park for it's proximity to other asian cities and also if it's a first time. would i be coming back? i may but not anytime soon. would i be coming back to hongkong just for disney like we did this time? nope.
No animatronics.. no nothing. The mini castle is a joke. When will Disney stop making money with this nonsense? They don t use the technology available today to create magic, as Walt used to do in the past. A forever gone era it seems. They can go on opening gift shops... they don t have the creative gift Walt Disney have.And in Hong Kong it s most noticeable. It s a shame.Take your children to the Science Museum in Hong Kong it s wonderful.
If you have a kid you have to visit this, make sure you go as early as it opens cause you need a lot of time there. Make sure you also stay until night
Amazing place, completely mesmerizing. The most courteous staff and woah this place is like a heaven not only for kids who grew up watching the magic created by Mr.Walt Disney but also for their parents who use to exercise their parental powers to stop their children from spending too much of time in front of that idiot box, lol. From the rides, to the shows, to the restaurants( we found ourselves   Indian food ^ ^ ) . Disneyland did a really great thing by installing water coolers next to the toilets at every corner of the park. Not punching a hole in the pockets of the tourists. And on top of that the firework show that happens every night at 9 is pretty intense and captivating. MUST GO   Highly Recommended!
Awesome experience ! You find yourself in the dreamworld with beautiful artificially constructed squares and buildings, amidst the cartoon creatures you have admired for long. There are many fun rides. I have always stayed away from swings due to motion sickness , so was a bit apprehensive about the rides. But these rides are comfortable and amazing. For a photography lover, the place is a paradise. You will get abundant of pics to keep on updating your facebook profile pics everyday for a month the parade (twice in the day) at 3 pm was an out of the world experience with all your favourite characters with many dancers and performers passing in front of you, waving and even shaking hands with your kids. The fireworks at about 9:15 pm are amazing. Though it's not something new for the indians as the festival of Diwali is celebrated every year, yet the way it is managed and arranged is extraordinary. You can't think of visiting hongkong and without visiting DISNEYLAND.
Plan to spend at least two days. So buy the two day pass which works out much cheaper and it gives you a 7 day gap from your first visit. You can walk and let the children have all the fun in this small Kingdom. Very good service though food and water can be expensive. But good quality shows and rides.
Regretted taking the 1 day pass. Too many things to look through, too little time. Long queue for all rides, some up to an hour long. For a 1 day pass we managed to cover all areas, took 3 rides, had lunch at 1 of the restaurants, and managed to catch Paint the Night, Flights of Fantasy and the 10 minute long fireworks display at Sleeping Beauty's castle. Take the 'Times Guide' upon entering and plan ur time well to catch a good spot for all of these!
No doubt about it. The Disney magic and feel comes alive in HK Disneyland. The Flights of Fantasy parade. Tomorrowland's Astro Blaster is fun for the family. Space Mountain is a thrilling and exhilarating ride but should not be undertaken by people with any heart ailments or hypertension. It's A Small World is for all. Mystic Manor is a nice ride. PhilharMagic is 3 D fun. Fantasy Garden is a photo ops for visitors and Disney characters. The electric light show parade at night is an excellent sight to see. And the fireworks show at 9:00 PM also signals the last activity of the dayYou can reach this place by train.
It's a great place for children to enjoy their holiday, so many cartoon icons can be taken with, and there are so much attractions which are suitable for all family members, over all it is a great place to spend the family holiday
This is the smallest of the Disney parks we have been too  all of them now. However, it was terrific to visit first thing in the morning. The crowds were few until about lunch time. After that, it got quite busy. I'd recommend a morning visit through the big afternoon parade. This avoids all the crowds. You'll miss the evening shows, but you will also miss the crowds leaving to go home. All in all, a great day out with the kids (10 and 12).
When they say the Hong Kong Disneyland park is small and you can go on all of the rides in one day, they were not kidding. I went with my little sister and dad, and we went on all the rides! Some of them we went on twice, even three times! We actually went on Christmas day (Dec 25) and it wasn't too busy, which helped with the lines. I would recommend going on all the famous rides first, and definitely go on the big grizzly mountain ride! It is thrilling, emotion packed, and ride time is justified for its longer waiting time. The Tarzan tree house is a nice stroll which is relaxing, but the waiting time for the ship to take you back is long. Food is certainly way more overpriced than other Disneylands! So bring your own snacks and water bottles, unless you can afford it.
Visited in Dec last week, 2014 with family of two kids.Everything about the day we visited Disneyland was awesome. The entire journey from Tsim sha Sui to the Disneyland resort station via MTR was extremely smooth . The trip from Sunny bay to Disneyland ( last leg of the MTR journey ) gave a hint of the joys ahead , what with Micky shaped handles to hold on and an overall comic look and feel to the entire train.We reached sharp at 9 am and the gates opened at exactly 9.30 AM. The crowds built up through the day . There were some exceptionally big lines for certain attractions . I believe it is not possible to really have more than 8 9 rides in the day , especially on a weekend or during holiday season.Space Mountain roller coaster , Grizzly gulch mountain ride , U racer are some of the exciting rides. Apart from these , the other rides may not thrill the adults much. But for children, its a different story all together :  )River cruise ride is an attraction not to miss , even if you don't have small children in your family . Afternoon and evening Parades are again not to be missed . It's timings are 1 PM , 4 PM and I think 7.30 PM . All parades are different , especially the 1 PM and the evening 7 PM parades.Overall , it's a day long experience from 9 AM to 8 PM and worth every penny that they charge.
I've been to other Disneylands and had read reviews that this was small, however as we were in Hong Kong for 2 weeks I just had to go.It still has the great Disney magic but the park is really small and there aren't that many rides for older people   mostly smaller childrens rides. We went on a Monday and the queues were quite reasonable. The longest we waited was 20 minutes for the jungle river cruise   wasn't worth it as even though we went on the English boat the microphone was awful and the woman spoke so fast we couldn't understand it!Really recommend the mystic manor   great story and wonderful gentle ride, different to other disney parks. I was most disappointed with the castle, it was really small and didn't have anything inside to see like the other ones!Food is normal Disney fare   expensive for what it is but tastes alright.Overall, if you went in the morning you could do most of the rides by mid afternoon, but the parades especially the night one is worth waiting for.If you're a real Disney fan then go for the magic, but don't expect too much!
Its my 5th or 6th times to visit hongkong disneyland. overall the place is great. the queue quit tiring. thanks to the nice weather. the food inside the disneyland was also wonderful. can spend the whole day there until the fireworks time
Visited Disneyland on New Years Day. Arrived 1 hour after opening time and didn't queue for a ride. In having said that, we have older teenagers so the young rides were not for us. HK is one of the smaller sites but still fun. Visited Disneyland in Anaheim 8 years ago and today brought back many memories. As with any theme park, food, refreshments and souvenirs are expensive but that is a known before going. I'd say more suited to families with younger children, but I'm a big kid at heart, grew up with all the Disney stories and we all had a fun day! Arrive early to avoid crowds.
Going to Disneyland during Christmas was spectacular to say the least. As a local, I never fail to be pleased and inspired by the attractions at Disneyland. For Christmas, it was surprisingly less crowded than I expected. Ride waits were a bit longer than usual, but not unbearable. Ride lines that get significantly longer as the day passes include Dumbo, Winnie the Pooh, Cinderella Carousel and the rides in Toy Story Land, so ride these first if you must. Food quality was as usual, though I'd suggest to choose your restaurant carefully...you may not get what you initially wanted! Definitely requires a full day on a holiday like Christmas. For tourists, I would advise them to buy tickets at the Disneyland Ticket Express in Central Hong Kong MTR station, as this can save the lining up at the park entrance (provided that you will definitely be going, rain or shine!). There is quite a bit to do all in all, and make sure you use the fastpass facility to save some time for Space Mountain and Winnie the Pooh. Restaurants mostly crowded at about 1 pm in my experience, eat either before or after that peak time. For the live shows, try and finish them earlier as you may find that they become more hard to line up for at the end of the day! Same goes for character greetings; keep in mind that the characters do change and swop throughout the day, so line up early for these?For live shows and parades and the like, make sure you are ready and waiting about 20 30 minutes before they start; crowds tend to appear around 10 15 minutes before they begin. Plenty of time for shopping at the end so leave this until after the fireworks. For the fireworks, sitting down near the front provides the most magical experience, though you must be at least half an hour early. Overall, loved visiting Disneyland for the nth time and I can't wait to go there again!
I am not a Disney person, but I have to admit I am converted. the Shows were awesome and the fireworks at the end of the day were most amazing. The Parades are Great and the shows are good....Good Food as well and entry is very reasonable. Easy to get a taxi to and back from the venue....
Disneyland Hong Kong is a place you visit once just to say you went there. The attractions are few and the food is so so. The lines for the rides are not set up like their other parks, some are too wide and at times it turns into a mob like uncontrolled free for all. Really uncomfortable when you are in a humid environment. It's real easy to get to by MTR. I liked the special Mickey theme train they used to transfer you to the park.
It was a very good place to visit back then, but now it is getting unorganized and the environment getting  polluted    dirty by groups of uncivilized local tourist making the place so uncomfortable to visit now. Any chance to monitor this?
Enjoyed visiting the area again. Was pleased to see that they will have an Ironman attraction in 2016. There were many rides although the rides seem more tamed than those at Ocean park. However, it is the branding and  theming  which makes the rides unique. I do noticed that there were less characters walking about than previous visit. They do have queen Elysa and Princess Anna as well as a puppet show on Olaf the snowmen (in cantonese). Again the parades (both day and light) as well as fireworks are impressive.
i was there with my 13 & 7 year old on 23 12 2014the children loved it spent almost 12 hrs in the parkit is good to book tickets earlier & be there a few minutes before the park opensAvoid a public holiday if possible else waiting time for rides can be up to 60 minuteshowever the place is disciplined with the queues well organised.Do the rides earlier ( wait time increases as the day progresses) & the other shows in the latter part of the day.There is a restaurant in the park serving good Indian food.The Parade & the fire works are simply not to be missed !
It's our nth time to visit and still it always excite us. They have 2 latest attractions Grizzly Gulch with their Runaway Mine cars thrill ride and Mystic Point with Mystic Manor slow ride indoor that is very entertaining. We always timed our visit during the Christmas Season for it's festivities. The only downside are its expensive food inside the park otherwise everything is a great experience and worth doing it over and over again.
I like all its places just the food options are very much limited for vegetarian people which create problem so better carry some food for yourself.
There are only a few rides for adults in this park. I think they are in the process of adding a few new ones. We had a great day out but I think it's more suitable for young families as they can enjoy the parades and shows.
Enjoyable for people of any age, there is definitely something for everyone. My second time here and still amazed at all the sights and attractions! The rides, sights, parade and restaurants are really exciting to experience!
Hong Kong Disneyland is a good place for the kids and the kid at heart. It's very amusing and beautiful in the theme park. It's simply outstanding during the night as well.LOCATION: Hong Kong Disneyland is easy to get by the MTR and via the Disneyland Train. If majority comes from the Tsim Sha Tsui Station Central Admiralty, take the MTR going to the Tsuen Wan Lane and drop off in Lai King MTR Station. From Lai King, take MTR going to the Tung Chung Lane and drop off in Sunny Bay. From Sunny Bay Station, an exclusive Disneyland Train Ride will take you straight to the Park. Take advantage of the Octopus Card for the fares of each destination.  Hong Kong Disneyland is good for 1  Day so make sure you are early so that you can fully enjoy and be amused by its magical beauty.  Food and Beverages are very expensive. Caramel Popcorn costs HKD40.00, Full Meal costs as much as HKD98.00, Hotdog Sandwich costs HKD30.00, Mickey Waffle costs HKD50.00 are some of the common food purchased within the Park. Bring along food to  go from less expensive food shops or cafes.   Bring enough water for the entire trip since it is expensive.   Clothing must be able to keep you warm and thick, and able to provide comfort specially during the night since it gets colder during the night.  You can leave your belongings in the Disneyland Baggage Counter for HKD90.00 per item. It's really expensive!  Disneyland 1  Day Passes cost HKD499.00 per person. However if you research well on the Internet, you can actually have a lower price. We got our tickets at HKD405.00 (:  Choose only the rides you will plan to try. It's best to save your energy while waiting for the fireworks in Sleeping Beauty's Castle at 9:00PM.   Try the  It's a small world  Boat Ride. It opens your heart to the different parts and culture of the world. The dolls amazes you with their respective country's costumes, dancing and song dialect.   If you're hungry for adventure, try the Space Mountain. It's not for the faint of heart.   Souvenirs are really expensive! If you are planning to buy in Disneyland, make sure you bring enough money. The cheapest I have found is at HKD65.00. Keychains costs HKD70.00, Shirts costs HKD100  . There are keychains, mugs, pens, stuff toys, pencils, toys and many more items in the souvenir shops! You'll be amazed by the abundance.   The Disney Paint the Night parade at 7:30PM is very colorful and will truly amaze you! It's a highlight of all the characters in Disneyland. Find a very good spot since there are many people waiting to see the parade at night.   There are very long queues if you want to take a photo with Disney Characters such as Donald Duck, Mickey and Minnie Mouse, Frozen's Characters Elsa and Anna, and many more.  You can wait in front of Sleeping Beauty's Castle so you can have a good spot during the fireworks.  If you don't want to be with the crowds on your way home, you can skip the fireworks since majority of the people are waiting for this. It's really crowded on the way home.
Ok this is not America but it still offers a good selection of rides, characters, eateries and entertainment that puts a smile on your face.Disneyland Hong Kong is so easy to get to by the MTR. We loved the train ride from Sunny Bay to Disneyland   the carriages having Mickey Mouse face and memoriable in the actual carriages brings the excitement before you even get there. The entrance of Moby Dick fountain together with the other characters was a cute surprise. The queues were not too bad for a Saturday but got busier during the day. We went again on the Sunday and we found this day to be much worst for crowds.If you arrived at 10am and did not tire, you could complete this park within a day (staying for the night parade and fireworks). Unfortunately our group tired by 4pm. Some of the rides you do queue for ages   not many fast passes on offer (but take advantage of those that offer it).We thought the quality of food on offer was better than the USA and not too badly priced for a theme park.Unfortunately we expected more characters to be available for photos. The parade itself is only short and we waited far too long to see it. (approx 50 minutes to get a good spot to see it). Totally surprised that there was not a Frozen float, seeing this is popular with the children at the moment. Never saw a character from Frozen while at the park, although people were always queued at the spot allocated for photos with a Frozen character. If you never been to Disneyland it is worth it regardless if you are an adult. With regards to children visiting, make sure your child is tall enough to go onto the rides. (be careful, a couple are thrilling and scary).Also take something warm to wear for the evenings as it gets cold.Train trip back was quite full but they run regularly.
Wife, Daughter and I just returned from Hong Kong. Wife was adamant about seeing Disneyland HK during the eve of Christmas. Only a short Christmas Parade (which we missed, because I went looking for my daughter's right shoe!)Whats's worth seeing is the `It's a small World' boat ride (we did it twice   daughter enjoyed it 2nd time, father enjoyed it both times   reliving both our childhoods).Food is expensive! HK$98 for a Chicken burger, Chinese Noodles (HK$105), Rice curry (HK$118), coffee (HK$28). We brought (smuggled) some bread but I saw the Mickey Lunchbox (HK$38) (original price was HK$68) if I get the Chicken burger, so I bought the set (lunchbox was for the daughter, not for me!! OK?)Caramel Popcorn was nice at HK$40 per carton, and you get a refill at HK$28 if you show your used carton.. My sugar level definitely went as high as the fireworks at Snow white's Castle closing ceremony. We did not stay for that because we rushed to take the Disney train back Reality HK (avoiding the mad rush by Mainland China Tourists!)I have never been on a Carousel (honestly) before, so I literally jumped on it with wife and daughter on another horse, but I got dizzy (the video was proof!).. Luckily I did not eat Mutton Curry, else HK Disney may have to call for a flood evacuation.There were two parades: one at around 4pm and the other (with LED lights) at around 7.30pm.Anyway, ticket queue was long as  Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis  (that's the longest word in the Oxford English Dictionary   I checked it out!) and cost about HK$499 standard 1 day ticket (per person!), so go early, bring a brolly in case it rains cats and dogs (I wanted to say Mickey and Minnie). I bought mine at Klook.com at HK$408. The queue was as short as `.' (that's a dot!)... Make sure you print out using a good printer, else they might think you forged that ticket.Don't bring guns or weapons coz they check before you enter! doh!regards,~ganesh k panadam~
I go here mainly for my toddler who loves Mickey Mouse and other disney characters. But the food and merchandise are way way expensive and food quality isn't that good. They should improve on their food choices and add more disney characters to the parade. It's been like that since our last visit two years ago
Admission for seniors is HK$100 (US$13). Disneyland is easily reached by MTR and provides an interesting very inexpensive day trip for seniors. Over the years I have visited the Disney parks in the U.S., so this was a step back in time. Any senior who has not had the opportunity or occasion to visit a Disney park should not miss this opportunity. This requires considerable walking, but even though I have severe mobility issues, it was manageable with the frequent rest opportunities provided. Wheelchair rentals are available,if needed. As with the admission fee, wheelchair rentals are highly discounted for seniors. I visited during the Christmas season and got to enjoy the decorations and the spectacular  Disney paint the night  parade up Main Street at 7:30 PM. Earlier I was able to enjoy an unobstructed view of the Flights of Fantasy Parade while comfortably seated in front of City Hall at 3 PM. I skipped the 9 PM fireworks display, so that I could beat the crowds leaving the park. Although Disneyland is geared towards children, it is an interesting adventure for those young at heart. I was there in December and a light jacket would be appropriate in the evening. For the younger patrons, strollers are rented. There are, of course, restaurants to suit most any taste as well as many opportunities to purchase souvenirs and food items.
This is the 2nd time we visited Hong Kong Disneyland. We visited the theme park in 2010 while we were dating and this time 2014, with our 2 year old toddler. There is additional of 3 areas, the toy story land, mystic land and Grizzly Gulch. In December, the weather is much cooler which makes the waiting and queuing acceptable.Armed with a toddler this time, we are well aware of height restrictions for rides and we planned our program pretty carefully. You may refer to the calendar website here:http:  park.hongkongdisneyland.com hkdl en US tools calendar calendar?name DayViewPageWe strongly encourage to avoid weekends and Chinese public holidays (ie golden week of China). on he average we spend about 30 50mins of waiting for rides (pooh bear and Cinderella carousel) and some 40 80mins for photo taking for Disney characters on weekday.This is what we did; We arrive abit late at 12pm, we headed to  The Golden Mickeys  for a musical performance, which ended at 1pm, by then parade just started and the streets were lined up with people.We made our way to Main street USA, opp the Disney railway station for the vantage point. Subsequently as the parade ended, we were already in queue for Mickey & Minnie Characters at the Town Square.I would highly recommend the parade segments; Flight of fantasy at 1pm and 4pmhttps:  www.youtube.com watch?v Y9ZGjM5hBc0As well as the night parade Paint the night with light; which was spectacular (it ain't day parade parade with lights, but more) Recommendation; Stay on the left side of parade, you will get to face Mike Sullivan (from monster inc) and Buzz lightyear (from toy story) https:  www.youtube.com watch?v  SnVV188V1oNot forgetting the Fireworks which commence about an hour after the paradeNote: you may wanna make your way before the fireworks end to beat the crowd of MTR train back home.
I was there August 2012. When I saw their train with Mikey mouse design I got excited to jump onto their train. Hongkong Disneyland is huge. You will really enjoy your visit there. I Love all of the booth there and even their parades made me amazed. Parade is amazing. If you want to watch it closely make sure you're wearing rain coat or umbrella so you won't get wet when they start splashing the water. I recommend this to visit by everyone. Only one thing you wont like is a large number of people falling in line in every booth. Too many tourists.
I'm sure no one will decide whether they go to Disneyland or not based on a Trip Advisor review, so all I will do is advise those with young kids to be more observant than we were regarding the height restrictions on some of the rides! We have a relatively tall 3 year old (105cm) who passed the 102cm height restriction at Space Mountain only to be thrown about and terrified to tears on a particularly hairy roller coaster that surely should have an age restriction of at least 6 years! Funny to look back at, but not a great start to the day for our poor wee fella! : )Only other tip is to make sure you keep the kids up for the evening parade   an incredible light show in the Autumn darkness!
We went there day before Christmas and the number of people were pretty much tolerable. Longest wait time was 60mins. I enjoyed the ride. Though it was all like a roller coaster ride, experience were different. I loved the shows and the parade most esp the Parade of Lights!
We braved Disneyland on a grey Boxing Day and had a ball. Our kids are 18 and 14 and we were there almost from opening to closing. The queues were not too bad (even better if you are willing to queue as single riders   more often than not you all get on the same ride)   our longest wait was 40 minutes which is not the longest we have ever waited at a Disneyland. We took our food which saved us a bit but still bought a few snacks along the way and didn't feel ripped off. Grizzly Gulch and Space Mountain were hits, although you can't go past Buzz Lightyear either. Only criticism   not enough seating for those of us who chose to mind the bags rather than go on the scary rides!!!!
Visited Disneyland HK on insistence of the Missus. The whole place was swamped with tourists despite reaching there at 9.30 in the Morning. The park in itself is well designed, organised and managed. But the queue of tourists can be a bit daunting. Especially as a lot of people in HK do not like to follow the queues. Anyways the rides are good   more or less same as those in other disneylands. But the kids will still like the place. If you are a grown   up, you are better off enjoying at Ocean Park.
Disneyland...no wonder is a dream like place. The parade, fireworks and the shows (Lion king & Golden Mickey) were amazing. Rides are good and enjoyable. Must take care of the below tips though:1. Time management is very important. It really depends when are you visiting the place. We went in mid december on Monday and we could manage seeing half of the place.2. Also, you need to queue up for buying tickets etc. Better you buy these in advance and present your voucher at Guests Relations.3. Try to reach early there, as you would end up posing and taking a lot of pics at different places. We reached there around 12:30 pm and regretted a lot afterwards.4. For parades and shows, people queue up early to get the proper place. It kills lot of time.5. We got long lines of 30 mins   45 mins everywhere (even to get a picture clicked with Winnie the Pooh or any other disney characters). So once again, the earlier the better.6. This place is not for the people who claim they could see the whole place within 3 4 hours. They don't know how to enjoy being a kid again.7. The management should post up some more signs for giving directions to the rides...sometimes you do feel lost. For parades and fireworks, they should make some announcement so the people busy taking rides can gather around. We missed the night parade as we were not aware of that.If a chance comes, I would like to go there again and again.
Great day for everyone   not too big but still plenty to see and do. Love the 4D experiences and the Lion King show, as well as the rides and the CARAMEL POPCORN! We went during the week and queues for rides were only about 5 10mins at most except for the parachute drop. Great discount if you get a two day pass
HK disneyland is small and not very good. For starters, about half of the buildings on main street USA were wall paper of buildings and not real buildings themselves. It is only worth it for those that have never been to any other Disney Park as this is the worst one of all. I have been to all other Disneyland Disney Worlds, and always felt that one day wasnt enough. With Disney HK, I saw all the attractions and rode all the worthwhile rides in about 3 hours.
Not only were we the grand marshals of the parade, our western type family was able to enjoy mostly English rides and helpers. An outstanding place to be!!!!
Sure it is not the biggest Disney but we spent a nice day with our kids.A pity we didn't see princesses.Very easy access using MRT. Try to come with sandwich and drinks since prices are extremely high inside the park.Expect an average of 30min queue per attraction.We loved the stroller parking which was really convenient and well managed.All the staff in the park are great
As we had a stopover in Hong Kong we decided to visit Disneyland. Given its location it is obviously going to cater primarily for Chinese visitors. If you have been to Disneyworld in Florida, or even Disneyland in California, the Hong Kong version is very tame, but they are still adding attractions, with one large area currently under construction. While it may be tame for adults, for children who have not experienced the larger parks, it will still be magical.As I have said, it is obviously geared towards the Chinese, particularly the food outlets. There are two takeaway outlets on Main Street offering a good range of drinks, cakes and snacks, but there is only very limited seating. If it is raining, there is no undercover seating. In fact, throughout the park there is very little seating when you want a rest, other than in the restaurants, but perhaps that is intentional. Nevertheless, if you are in Hong Kong with a day to spare, particularly with children, it is worth a visit.
The train dedicated to go to Disneyland created a sort of tease of what was to come, it had Mickey handles and sculptures of Disney characters. We went on a Tuesday, and it was a bit crowded, so I could only imagine what weekends are like.The entire place was spotless. Building exteriors and interiors were so detailed, adding more whimsy to the whole Disneyland experience. My favorite attractions were the Lion King Experience (top notch performance), Mystic Manor, Grizzly Gulch and surprisingly, It's a Small World. Queues were pretty reasonable, lining up to take pictures of the mascots took about 15 20mins each. Merchandise stores were at every attraction exit.Overall a fantastic experience.
Hong Kong Disneyland introduced 2 new attractions this year, which are as interesting as the other classic attractions. Overall, this place is still a favorite place for the whole family. The light show at the closing time and parade are very interesting and should not be missed.
Must go for all people who are still kids at heart! Enjoyed 2day package of travel to Disney and my 2 year old son had lots of fun!
Many many tourists from all over the world. Crowded but all themed parks are crowded.Long long queues and manageable. The park is not very huge. Very manageable. At 3pm you can watch the parade and if it rains, they will change it to a shorter parade.Shopping is nice at Disneyland. The shuttle to the hotel is quite far away.Overall, nice
In Hong Kong, the place is scarce & premium. However, if you are tired of living in cramp places, come to this majestic land and feel the vastness of the place. Plan carefully as the weekends are jampacked, if you are coming on holiday, plan it on the weekday (which is NOT a public holiday). You can arrive at this place by a dedicated train which is quite nicely decorated and you will suddenly feel getting  into  the Disney magic. If you have kids, they would surely be starting to feel estatic. Those smiles and joyful screams what starts your great day. Ticket counters are plenty, since most of the people buy it over the online, I guess they are not too crowded over the weekday. Once you enter the Disneyland, you are in the fairy land. What sets this apart from other amusement park is the detailing of the themes. Take Grizzly mountain for example, the detailing is so nice that they even have track marks food carts containing the theme. This just shows the amount of thinking and dedication that has gone to design and develop it. Let me start with my favourite rides1. Space Mountain: This is a roller coaster that is completely in dark. For some this is a putoff as this does not cater to enough  thrillness , but for some it is ultimate fun as every turn comes unexpected. However, you need to try this ride 2   3 times to really get the feel of it. You will realize the theme behind it and learn to appreciate the stars & galaxy depicted. Your eyes also start to get adjusted with multiple rides. However, you need to come over the weekday to have a chance of multiple rides without much delays.2. Speed Racer: This is the ultimate thrill seeker. a  Speedcar  type of ride oscillates on a U shaped structure. So you first reach face over to the edge of one hand of U only to be swept back by gravity and pulled back on to the other edge of the U. This movement continue for 3   4 times. This up down oscillation creates quite a thrill. This is also situated in quite a nice setting of Toy story, again the detailing is quite nice. Next to speedracer there is a paratrooper ride where an entire propeller engine aircraft (model of course) is placed and looks quite real. This larger than life enthrals the kids to the core.3. Grizzly Mountain: This ride initially feels quite ordinary at the start (comparing to Speedracer). However, the fun starts as the upwards climbs snaps and the entire car hurtles backwards and high speed. The entire depiction of how the Grizzly and it's small family manages to wreck havoc on the miners is quite nicely demonstrated is this ride. The detailing is top notch.There are other things which are quite nice, like Boat Ride (where an entire mountain next to you goes up in fire) the Simbha show, etc. But me being a adrenaline junkie stuck around the 3 rides I mentioned which made my whole day with my kid.. At the end of the day, the spectacular fireworks just finishes the marvellous day. So all of you who are in Hong Kong or visitng Hong Kong, takes your kids and have a blast of a day! Definitely worth visiting. Yes this is little pricey, but do watch out for various discounts ranging from 10%   15% throughout the year.
From the moment you board the Disney train you are in for a sensational experience. My wife and I visited and thoroughly enjoyed the day, even though we are both 50. The layout, cleanliness and that Disney touch is apparent everywhere. Great experience and would be even more so with a young family.
It was a cold and rainy day. Despite the weather the show went on and we enjoyed it. Got the real Christmas feeling too with the lights and music. One or two of the rides were closed because of the weather. But we didn't mind for the simple fact that there were less people. Personally I dont like big crowds. The fireworks at the end of the day were spectacular. If you want rides to get the adrenaline going the Ocean Park will be better.
Yes, it's the only Disneyland in Hong Kong, so it gets to be  The Best . And it's okay for what it is, but yesterday's visit brought a big disappointment. A very light rain, and I mean a very subtle drizzle, brought on complete cancellation of the evening light parade, which was a dreadful disappointment to visitors who were making their one and only visit to this park. Come on! Black rain, typhoon, raging winds... okay, you cancel the parade. Attendance was rather light in the park yesterday and it felt like dropping the parade was a cost cutting measure rather than a weather induced necessity. Seriously, we hardly knew it was raining. Since it gets dark by about 6pm here all year, waiting until 8:20pm seems a bit late for turning on the Christmas lights and firing up the sparkle on that very tall Christmas tree. People were standing around waiting for the parade and it wasn't long before its scheduled start that the disappointing cancellation announcement was made, so you'd think they'd liven things up by turning on the colourful lights and giving the punters, who paid dearly for this  mini  Disney experience, something to look at. But no. Staff members on sight couldn't even tell us if the fireworks would go ahead or not,  because of the rain  (which was barely rain). I hope loads of visitors went and requested refunds, but I doubt they did. People here seem to accept whatever is thrown at them without protest or complaint. The shops on Main Street were nicely decorated, Christmas windows were lovely (albeit all displaying merchandise on sale at ridiculously high prices within), but nice to look at nonetheless. Waits at attractions were very short, never more than five minutes, as attendance was sparse. We pretty much just walked right into the Teacups, Small World, Mickey's Philharmonic 3D movie, and Space Mountain. Once there was no parade and no Christmas lights for another hour, and no doubt no snow, which was one of the main reasons we went during this Christmas period, there wasn't much for it but to leave, so we trundled off to the MTR and headed home. If this had been our first and only visit we would have been dreadfully disappointed. As it was probably our 12th visit, we aren't complaining too much as we've seen it all before     several times. I left feeling that park management should show a little more consideration for their customers and make sure entertainment meets expectations and doesn't fall apart at the slightest sign of inclement weather. Makes for extremely bad word of mouth advertising     the most important kind!
So, we are in Hong Kong for three days awaiting our cruise to Singapore. In my wisdom, we decided to stay at the Airport Marriott Hotel, firstly because we have two kids seven and three, and I wanted to ensure that after the long flight from Australia we could get them straight to bed   I'll review this hotel in another post, because it is pretty awesome for families going to Disneyland.Anyway, it was freezing and pouring with rain, but we still decided to catch the hotel bus to Disney Land in the morning. It was a quick 20 minute ride, and we were able to get off and buy our tickets within about 5 minutes.....teeming with rain we were all still pumped to see Mickey cast in flowers at the entrance. The park is so pristine it is unbelievable. We organised ourselves to get a full 8 hours there, took our own water and snacks and managed to get through the day only spending money on some hot drinks. All the rides are amazing, and taking your kids on an experience like this was one of the happiest moments in our family history. Aside from the awesome rides in all areas of the park, it was the shows that really topped off our experience. The Disney Experience and Lion King Experience are both theatrical masterpieces, with top quality costumes, sets, and actors. We figured in Sydney we would have paid the park entry alone to take the kids to the Lion King Experience show. It is really good   and I typically don't like musicals. So our day ended   we were all too tired to hang around for the fireworks show   and we got the taxi back to the Marriott SkyCIty for a 120HKD.....then had a feast with the family in the executive lounge   which is a must upgrade if you have kids. Hope you have the same experience that we did.
A trip to Hong Kong Disneyland maybe describe as the introductory visit to other Disneyland chains around the world. Being the closes to South East Asia, mostly the visitors here are from mainland China. And also maybe because its much more comfortable to them with their mother tongue is Chinese.We decided to go there on the weekdays to avoid to many people and you know what happen when there is too many mainland China in one place is you've ever been in Hong Kong. Decided to bought the ticket in one of the booth in Avenue of Stars to avoid which is much more easier rather than buying it online and have to worry about the currency exchange rates. You can reach Hong Kong Disneyland by train. Just take the Tung Chung Line and stop at Sunny Bay station and continue with the Disneyland Resort Line in a very cute train with Mickey Mouse shape windows and Disney's figurine inside the train. It's is advisable to reach there early to avoid long que at the entrance. But be informed that the entrance only open at 10am. Oh and if you going there by train (like us) do keep in mind to buy the return ticket as soon as you arrived to avoid queuing to buy your ticket back.For Muslims, there is not much of food choices for you here except for popcorns, ice cream and bottled canned drinks. So do be bring your own food to get to the whole day (if you decided to stay there the whole day). And please do keep in mind the price range for all things here in Disneyland. It could leave an empty hole in your wallet LOL. If your children is a Disney's princess or characters fans, do go to the designated area for the photo session earlier to avoid crowds. Its will be shown in the pamphlets around Disneyland.Overall, it would be best to bring your kids to Hong Kong Disneyland during Spring, Autumn or Winter. Looking at the area it would be quite traumatic for the children with the heat in Summer. And it would be nice for the Disneyland management to take into consideration to provide halal food options for other tourists.
Overall, it is a pretty good place to spend the day. Being a smaller park, the rides are shorter and slightly different from the other Disney parks     Mystic Manor (a less scary version of Haunted Mansion), Tarzan   s treehouse (similar to Swiss Family but you have cross the river to get here, a la Tom Sawyer Island), Big Grizzly Mountain (Big Thunder Mountain)   you get the drift     but are quite nice on their own. I actually prefer the Big Grizzly Mountain ride here     I think this is a combination of Expedition Everest (going up the hill and then reversing) and Big Thunder Mountain. Food wise, HKD is definitely cheaper and better than its American counterpart. We had lunch at the Royal Banquet Hall (4 full meals   fruit juice and dessert), multiple snacks and light dinner, and we spend HKD$578. For a family of 4 at a Disney park, this is not bad at all. Try doing that in Orlando! My absolute favorite, apart from the rides, parades and fireworks is actually the Festival of the Lion King     again, it is slightly different from the US one (some parts are in Cantonese) but for some reason, this combination of languages worked to its advantage. My wife actually said she had chills during the show     it   s that good!Oh yes, if you wanna save more money, do get tickets online (various sources). What the website will give you is a printout which you can scan at the automated machines to the right of the park entrance for the actual tickets. It   s pretty straightforward and quite easy to do.
The Disneyland is in a rain prone area as they even have rain parade theme instead of the regular theme This seems to be the smallest Disneyland in the world and worth a visit if you have not been to any other Disneyland parkThere are around 20 plus rides and few are always in repairs or closed cut it rainsAlthough it has a few good outdoor and pretty good indoor rides You need to have a fast pass as mostly the park is crowded Must visit if you are coming with kids but not worth if you have been to any other ones recently
Regardless of age and how many times I visited, this place is a must when I travel to HK! They have added 2 new attractions, Grizzly Gulch and Mystic Point. Both are fantastic!
As with other theme parks, be prepared to queue and wait. Food is also much more expensive. But other than that, the rides are ok. Be prepared to stay the whole day.
The mine train at Disneyland is a new attraction as compare with our visit in year 2011. My kids enjoy to ride the train, The special of this train is, it can move in backward direction at high speed.I accompany my kids to ride many round even though need to queue up. We even miss the night parade just for the ride of mine train because at that moment the queue is short.
Probably a good one for a starter to Disneyland like myself. Comparatively smaller is size compared to the other resorts around the world, it offers a wide spread of amusement rides to cater to children as well as older teens. Most characters were available but my wife was disappointed that Daisy Duck was nowhere to be found! More comfortably covered in 2 days if you stay on Lantau Island or in the resort Hotel itself. We stayed in TST and covered the entire resort in a Day (skipping most rides   the queues can be long) and were very tired.
Be wary of quite a number of visitors who jump queue as well being very pushy. Hold your young children securely as they risk being pushed over by anxious adults who rush into out of certain attractions. Take extra care where you place your wallets and valuables. Otherwise, enjoy this great place.
Dont think that Disney land is only for kids, this place will bring out the kid in you...from thrill rides to fancy shows to extensive fireworks..it is an excellent way to spend time. They also have hotels in the park, so if you want to get a bigger dose of fun, plan to stay here! Its totally worth it. Do wear comfort footwear as there is a lot of walking to do. Women, avoid wearing skirts else you will not be able to move around the rides easily. Unleash the kid in you!! Enjoy!! :)
If you have kids and teenagers, Disneyland is the place to go when in HK. Although it is not as big and extensive as the one in Los Angeles, HK Disneyland has enough attractions to entertain a family for the whole day.It has the usual Sleeping Beauty Castle, thrilling Space Mountain ride and the not to be missed parade and fireworks. For those who have been there in the past, here are new rides in Grizzly Gulch, Mystic Point and Toy Story Land.Note: Check the weather forecast. For an ideal experience, avoid going there if it's going to be a wet day.
Superb Rides   Superb Plan  Superb Food  Superb Superb Superb Superb Superb Superb Superb  I like the way the whole idea & concept was planned. The routes were guided in a well planned manner. There was plenty for every one. Some rides are really mind blowing.
I was 25 when I went here but I felt like I was taken back to my Disney Princesses days. We all are kids at heart and this is a good place to relive them. Though most rides are very kid friendly, it's still good to try them all. I like the Space Mountain ride best. The Toy Story Land rides are more of for adults. It's good to stroll around and marvel at the Disney works greatly surrounding you. Of course the highlight was the fireworks display at Sleeping Beauty's castle. It is highly accessible. Food inside are pricey. I enjoyed shopping for Disney goodies. Photo ops are schedules. I loved and enjoyed the parade and shows. Make sure to schedule your roaming around and rides in line with the schedule of the shows!Visited: November 2013
Much smaller than Disneyland Anaheim,California.Fireworks display not really that good just ok.Take your camera and take lots of pictures.If you take them with disney characters like mickey pluto poo bear and all the others take as many as you can as they will also have a photograper who takes 2 or 3 and then they try to get you to buy theirs.Kinda expensive pics you buy on your way out.Ocean world is much nicer to visit.I recommend it.More rides,ect
It was my second time to HK and first time to Disneyland and I didn't expect much as I thought it was more for kids. However, I must say it was a pretty magical experience and it really does bring out the child in you. The rides were fun and one particular roller coaster looked like it was for kids but was actually rather scary. Especially the Space Mountain Ride (roller coaster in the dark) which left me screaming for most of the ride until I almost lost my voice. We stayed for the parade and it was like Chingay in Singapore, only better. The princesses and other Disney characters were really beautiful and looked like they jumped out of your Disney storybooks  movies. Overall, a great experience and even better to go towards the end of the Winter season when its not so hot. I remember there's not a lot of food options within the park, so be sure to eat something light first before going.
visiting here and ocean park are must do if have time when going to Hong Kong, that is if are are into adventure and fun. I consider this to be a lot better park than Disney in LA not as babiefied, Don't be frighten of the roller coaster, it is not like it looks, its a ride anyone could do and enjoy
We have been a Disney Family for over 30 years so when the opportunity to Visit Hong Kong Disney came about we jumped right on it. Bottom Line it is Fantastic that Disney is sharing its Magic with Hong Kong. The difference in what we see here vs what they have there are Night and Day. You will not be disappointed, but you have to be aware it is different. Instead of the Haunted Mansion you have the Mystic Manor. It was such a great experience as Disney brings the Chinese culture and mysticism into this ride, although different it was truly enjoyable as your ride vehicle moves smooth almost seamlessly over the floor. Great experience. All of the attractions are great. The Buzz Light year is totally different because your laser gun is detachable, so your accuracy and points are much lower your first times through, in fact forget it your scores will always be lower it is more difficult but a great experience. Space Mountain,,,OK I have to be honest here, everything in Hong Kong Disneyland is smaller shorter etc. We cant expect an American Icon to deliver the exact same experience as Disney World, lets be serious. However Space mountain although different shorter etc, it is a newer ride super smooth and loads of fun. By the end of the ride you feel like you are blazing at 60MPH, it is a great ride, starts out easy but she builds. The equivalent of Big Thunder Mountain Is Big Grizzly Mountain. Let me tell you this is a ride to remember. Does not look too intimidating, but she has a few Disney Twists and turns that combine the intensity of other rides found throughout Disney World. Travel to and from is extremely easy through central. Takes no time at all. We were very fortunate, we were there in Mid September, I have pictures with absolutely no one on Main Street USA at noon, 3pm and even 5pm. We had a great time, but the food is NOT American Friendly. We are vegetarian and that was a challenge, so a few protein bars in your backpack will make the best of it. Plenty of food venues just different style of Asian Fast Food. You will survive, but if you are not interested in trying alternative fair you are best to pack a lunch, which we do anyways at Disney. . Cost,,,, Half the price of home. But truly a great day
You will miss the essence of Disney Land if you go home before the park closes at 8pm.  Dont worry about the MTR, it will surely be there.
Well, as with all Disneylands, this one was crowded as well, but once you go in, the crowds begin to disperse   probably a good idea to go straight into the park rather than hover about the main street when you first arrive in the morning...Didn't cover much but Disney is always a nice experience for children... :)
As everyone will know by now about Disneyland, what could I say more. The children love it. Access to the park was easy with the mtr. Interestingly there was a Mickey themed train taking us to the park. Comparably this should be the smallest Disneyland in the world. Other than that, everything remains the same, even the long queues. The parade was in Cantonese and so was the show. Interesting to see Mickey speaking Cantonese.
I were about 7 days in Hongkong. If you had more than 3 days for staying in Hongkong, it is a good  attractive palace to go there.
My children are happy to visit Disneyland HK, the theme park is smaller than Paris Disneyland, but its already good enough for us, because we can play everything and visit every single games. There is so convenient to go with MTR and there have kids stroller for rental inside the park. I like it so much with the services that provided.
Can't compare to Disney LA but is still fun as it should be. My family and I loved the sunset parade and the kid loved to take pics with Mikey and friends. We were there on a Monday which was great since we didn't have to wait long in lines.
Great atmosphere, bueatiful set up and surroundings and staff helpful & happy. If you have children ages 5 to 12 its a must visit. Not many thrill seeker rides for the seasoned theme park veteran though you will find the lines shortest on the most fun of rides (my daughter and i loved the runaway mine cars the most). Even on a weekday average lines are over 30 minutes though setting is nice and time waiting passes quickly. Getting to and from the park is quick & easy. A few rides seem very short in ride time for the length of the wait getting on. I also think the characters could come out to see the kids more, we managed 1 photo session in our 7 our visit and saw only 2 others with the lines already closed.
We had a great day at Hong Kong Disneyland with our 4 year old son. It was particularly great for him as he is a massive Toy Story fan and Toy Story Land did not disappoint   the look on his face was priceless!There is lots to see and do here though the line ups (as with any major them parks) were long at times.We went on a Saturday (not sure why?) so we had extra patronage to contend with! When we are back in Hong Kong we would be sure to go on a weekday for this reason.There are special 'Mickey Mouse' trains to Hong Kong Disney regularly and this made getting there all the more special for our little boy as we had seen the trains before and he was so excited to know that when it was his turn to go there he too would be getting the special train there.You will need the good part of a whole day to explore all the attractions but my suggestion would be to go around morning tea time (ie. not too early) so you aren't too tired by the time the fireworks display starts in the evening.A great day for the family.
Disneyland HK is truly a magical place for adults and children alike. The magnificent structures, the intense rides, the memorable shows and fascinating parades are one of a kind. The attention to details and keeping to the Mickey theme through the theme park were excellent. Having been to other Disneylands around the world, this one is certainly comparable and provided the same magic, making this truly one of the happiest place in the world.
handicap freindly, new rides as well as new theme theatres including old disney characters as well as latest one, good entertained rides, theatre show and very excellent was disney parade and fireworks in the evening
A full day of fun, Disney style. The way they have maintained the fun and interest of the activities rides is very impressive. Too many rides   choose and pick the ones that you want to do. We missed a few good ones due to heavy rush. Visiting on non public Holiday is very strongly recommended. Reaching there   just take the MTR.Food   be aware that there are very limited non HK food cuisine available inside the park. If possible, pack your own food snacks. It's a big park   lot of walk and therefore, quite tiring. Water is easily available. Disney Parade was interesting. Quite a Show! The Fireworks were just about okay.We didn't stay at the Disneyland Hotel inside the park   which most of the Indian families do :). But we didn't find the time on our hands too short. It is easily doable in 1 full day   9:00AM till 9:00PM   at an easy pace. Stay the Hotel inside if your kids cannot do the full day of walking running.And finally, spend some time reading the Guide Maps Brochure Info Booklets carefully before you start at the Park. There are some useful information in there which helps to enjoy the park to the fullest !
fun, fun and fun..  what a place.. wonderful..  enjoyed full day..  weather was favourable in october..  all rides and shows very enjoyable..  light show at the end of the day too good..  must visit once..
It's Disneyland with attractions and characters like other Disney parks although this Lantau facility is smaller you can actually see all of the park in half a day less the crowd. Try to come on weekdays after lunch when the queue is not that long. Visit the castle, Bring kids to AdventureLand, Mystic House, Grizzly Gulch, Toy Story Land, then watch movies, catch the Toon Parade, and the evening show with magical fireworks display. Don't miss the fun. Its DisneyFun.Various transportation options are available in getting there, either by bus, taxi, and soon ferry services that bring guests right into the pier near the park promenade just a few minutes walk from the theme park. The fastest and most convenient though remains the MTR   either from Lantau (Airport station to Tsing Yi station then, transfer to Sunny Bay station) ... from Kowloon, or HK Island   take MTR to Sunny Bay station then interchange for the Disneyland Resort Line.
if its your first time visiting a disney park, any disney will be an amazing experience for you. Me personally i have been to all disney parks in the world and find this the most disappointing. for the amount of visitors they receive in this park and the amount we pay there should be alot more attractions, shows, places to eat etc. its clean, its nice, its okay, its disney but for disney, they could do alot more with this park.
Reserve a full day for the Disney tour. Use MTR to reach. Start from one end and enjoy all the fun activities listed in the Disney plan pamphlet. Begin with Adventureland, Grizzly Gulch, Mystic Pt Toy Story Land etc. Dont miss any fun. There is plenty for those not keen on rides. Night safari at Adventure land, 5D Movie , Interactive sessions with cartoons were worth watching. Long queues are a bit disheartening.Be free at 3PM and 7:30PM onwards to watch the extraordinary Toon Parade esp the evening show which has brilliant lighting.Dont forget to visit the castle.
Well, its got most of the same elements are its sister parks but on a smaller scale so its easier to get around. Try to go when its low season to avoid the crowds from the Mainland. The season pass is a good idea for locals with small children who can't handle a whole day at the park.
we enjoy to work hard, we enjoy to play hard, and when it is time for Vacation we love to have our time in the Park with lots of amusement.From the Show (Lion King, Disney) up to the Firework ALL amazing.Very crowded actually, but we can manage the time to enjoy almost all the attraction here
Had a blast with hubby and kids here.Don't miss the parade at night and fireworks display.Will be back definitely..
If you've never been to a Disneyland before then you'll like it but if you've been to others you'll find it very small. On a weekday when the lines are smaller you can see the park in half a day. It's ok but Ocean Park is better.
Hong Kong Disney is a great day out with loads of activities for all.  New exciting ride shave been added to the park complimenting the existing offer.  The park is value for money   and well worth a visit.
Been many times and my last visit was mainly to try out the new things like Mystic House. It was a good day out at a reasonable cost. My grandchildren enjoyed and so did IThey need to change the parade, it has been Two years
If you have one theme park day to give then go for Ocean Park over Disney land. It's closer to the city, 35% cheaper tickets, cheaper prices at stores, better views from cable car.Disney has the brand (although surprised why some shows are in pure Cantonese when they are franchise of a US brand) and the characters which your kids can identify. Some of its rides are fab too. It's stylish and classier than ocean park.But kids can be equally happy anywhere so my vote goes to OP if you have to choose one.
The place is not that big and usually very crowded. It's nicely decorated and of course with all equipped you need to have a fun day with your kids. There are many rides for almost all age categories. The food places are ok and clean. The prices are more on the high side.
It's small and filled with travelers from Mainland.  The attractions are well maintained.  Food offered there is quite expensive as expected.
Definitely bring the kids. HK Disneyland do have some issues with a small bunch of visitors who doesn't queue up or  jump queue . It can be quite disturbing. A good way to avoid the long queues would be to go collect the Fastpass and come back at the designated times.Definitely stay till the end of the day for the best part which is the magical fireworks display show.
Hong Kong Disneyland is tiny but yet costly.Very few selection of rides and need to queue for quite some time.In order to spend time more efficiently, I suggest going there after lunch or even later in the afternoon for following reasons (if you won't go for all the rides):1. Avoid overhead sun2. Save money on food and drinks in the park3. Do not need to wait for hours for the night parade4. Great sunset
The Hong Kong Disney Land experience is fun and family friendly   it is a compact park but for children under 10   it's a great intro to theme parks.The train there is themed and VERY clean.The children will love the parade. Fireworks are great.
My son loved this park. It's not the biggest Disneyland, but almost all attractions are suitable for ages starting 4 years approx. . Great parade at night, don't miss it. Very crowded on weekends
As work has been involved in the night parade at this resort I had to go and look at what they had done. As this is not a bragging forum suffice to say what work had done was excellent.Disney itself was just like the one in California; getting a bit tired around the edges and in need of some updating.A word of warning to visitors though you CANNOT anywhere in the park get an alcoholic drink and there are 2 (yes only 2) locations where you can feed your nicotine habit and it goes without saying they are a bit on the busy side.Long long long queues for anything and at the weekends its totally FULL of visitors who in December were stripping the shelves of everything and anything so if you want to buy a specific item buy it as you go in as the chances are if you look at the end of your day there will be little or nothing left in the stores.Announcements for non Chinese visitors are in  chinglish  and difficult to understand
this is the 2nd Disneyland i've visited in my life (the 1st being Tokyo, Japan) but this time was different, it was with my own family :)really clean and tidy....and staff was helpfully and friendlyfood is expensive in park, so worth considering buying advance food vouchers coupon via Disney hk website to save some moneymust stay till the end to see the fireworks display before leaving,....otherwise a really fun and enjoyable day outspent over 11hrs in the park, word of advice, if you got small or young kids MUST take buggy with you as walks and excitement took alot out of the kids and their were knackered by the end of the day!!!! and i do mean really knackered :)))
Payed 150 USD for 2 adults & a kid.   It's only to make money & the amusement is not so special.   If you want to eat or drink calculate a lot of money. It's wasting time there.
Not so big. Great for one day  Visited with friends. Did almost everything. The park is more orientated on small children. Show quality is medium. Not really Disney like but I enjoyed myself overall
brill, no queuing for rides, better than euro disney.  only problem not as many rides as euro disney.  Spoke English very friendly staff
Went to HK specifically to go to Disneyland. The park is just the right size   not too big not too small. If you want to see everything and ride everything allocate a whole day but if you want a leisurely trip you can go after lunch. The rental of a stroller ($100 hk) is essential if you have kids. Food selections are basic but ok. Watch the Mickey awards show and the parade if you want to see all the characters. :)
Having read so many negative reviews of Hong Kong Disneyland I am somewhat at a loss: how can you sincerely not feel that palpable magic that (like all Disney parks) fills this place, leaving an almost perceivable shimmer of fairy dust hovering at the edges of your vision? At least the vast majority of people have their heads screwed on straight as the consensus seems to be that this Disneyland is truly a wonderful, magical place where (just maybe) a dream or two might come true.One of my favourite things about the Hong Kong example is, though actually the smallest park worldwide, it offers several absolutely awesome attractions that can't be found anywhere else. Apologies Haunted Manor fanatics but Hong Kong's take on the ride (dubbed Mystic Manor with Albert the cheeky monkey) is far better and has slotted itself into my top five ride list. I also loved the Big Grizzly Mountain Railway   it's a similar rollarcoaster to Expedition Everest with it's backwards fall and very fun.Tuesday is my rule of thumb as always: a magic day where, time and time again, you find an almost empty park with shorter wait times (if you wait at all) and a generally less crowded park. If you can't do Tuesday try Thursday. Avoid weekends and public holidays if at all possible. I am not exaggerating when I say that going on Tuesday meant we never waited longer than 15 minutes for anything   an unusual theme park experience and a great one.As anyone who's been in Hong Kong for any period will likely know, the locals idea of manners generally are very, very different from typical western courtesy. Don't be surprised if people push past you in lines intentionally and shows become a free for all push feat in the effort to attain good seats. Don't let it put a damper on your day: you're at Disneyland after all. But it's probably gonna happen so be prepared.The opening hours for Hong Kong Disney are reasonable: usually around 10am to 8pm. As it's a smaller park you shouldn't have any trouble seeing everything. We certainly didn't.The food here is reasonably priced and fairly decent for theme park fare. I'd recommend opting for a sit down meal in one of the restaurants   they're slightly more expensive but the food is considerably better and it will give you a much needed opportunity to take a seat and rest your feet.I personally found the vast majority of staff here to be quite upbeat, pleasant and what you'd generally expect from Disney. My husband and I are passionate pin traders and it was as easy, fun and fabulous as it generally is. Almost all of the pin traders and shop assistants gave us free stickers (sometimes for our favourite characters specifically). We had about 100 by the end of the day, which was a nice way to cap off a perfect Disney day.Honestly I thoroughly enjoyed Hong Kong Disneyland and I'm sure if you're a Disney fan you will too.
Today is my weekend ..Lucky my friend have free ticket to bring me and my lover to disneyland,My third go to disneyland, It is also many mainland people~~I am stay here for 4 hours and go outBecause i am not interest disneyland character and i feel bored
Smaller than other Disneylands. We were there on a cold weekday they which meant not many people and no huge lines (though seemed they are not very efficient at managing the lines so I would try to avoid weekends). My husband with his USA Disneyland experience said that we will need the whole day to go on all the rides, when in fact we were done in some 5 hours. i. It was a lot of fun anyway!
Went on 5 12 14. Second time there. First time was 6 years back. 4d theatre still showing the same show 6 years ago.add some new activities . But Not much attracting. To me. It's Not worth of money.
Although it is much smaller than its sister theme parks in USA, this little park has a charm of its own. We rode Space mountain and the mine train without any queues at all. Actually, most of the rides had no queue! There was no need for Fast passes at all. We only had to queue for Winner the Pooh and to take pictures with the characters.For a relaxed day at the park, without rushing, one day would be perfect. We spent the whole day at the park and got to ride most of the attractions and watch the shows too. The Mine Train in Grizzly Gulch land is definitely the best ride there. It is a must ride! Space mountain is awesome too.Overall, it's definitely worth a visit. I will definitely go back once it has gone through an expansion.
We had a wonderful day out, it wasn't busy and the park is relatively small.The queues for the characters were long so we didn't bother. the train to get out to Disney was great   Mickey Mouse shaped windows   lovely touch. I'd definitely recommend a trip.Its a small world was a favourite of hours.
My husband and I spent 2 days at DL and had a great time! Our daughter is a character there so of course enjoyed seeing her. But aside from her we were very impressed withe the park. It felt like a throwback to the late 60's at the Anaheim DL! It is kept immaculately clean and still has that newish feel to it. At this point I would say it is geared towards families with younger children, but there is still plenty for anyone. The highlights: Mystic Manor in Grizzly Gulch is amazing! It is a spin off of the Haunted Mansion but is way better. A must do!; Lion King Show is a 1 2 hour version of the LK movie with live actors. We felt it was as good if not better than the Broadway version; Toy Story Land is great  everything is over sized so you feel like a toy soldier; NO LINES!!!! we were there on a slow day and then a busier one. The longest we stood in line was 15 minutes on The Jungle Cruise. This alone makes this park worth it; Main Street is similar to the one in Anaheim with plenty of shops to browse in and is not crowded; the brand new Electric night parade is fantastic  the best I've seen. This new version will be opening in Anaheim next year and is well worth staying for!Overall this was a great experience. It is a newer park so is still filling in with trees. Our weather was perfect but I imagine it would be miserable in the summer. Food choices are a bit limited but there is still something for everyone and it was all delicious. Plenty of Chinese and American choices. We are from the US, so the dried squid was a surprise but very popular! The characters were wonderful and everyone was very polite and friendly. The setting is beautiful and transit to the park is very easy by train. The admission prices are lower than in the states (around $60 US) but food and merchandise is comprable. I would definitely recommend this!
Very similar to the other Disney parks, not quite as large.  The castle is considerably smaller.  Kids enjoyed it a lot
As this was my first Disneyland visit , I was very much excited . And surely I m not disappointed. You would love this place irrespective of your age. The Lion show is a must. You must also try the Hot wheels racer ride .. Damn thrilling ..
This is the first time I have been to any of the Disneyland venues and it was fun. Not as many rides as I thought there'd be but it was ok. The parade and fireworks were really good and with Hong Kong in Christmas mode it was nice to get a Christmassy feeling even if it was about 70 degrees. Not as busy as I thought it would be but the shops were still rammed. Didn't have to queue much, even getting tickets on the door and overall had a good time.
It was easy to get to the Disneyland. We took the MTR and arrived at the park. The collection of the park tickets was easy and fast as we bought them online. We queued for more than an hour to have a pic taken with Mickey and Minnie Mouse. All the rides were family friendly. We stayed till the fireworks display and managed to complete the rides in Fantasy Land. The children had fun and enjoyed themselves very much.
Hong Kong Disneyland is smaller than other Disneyland in the world. You don't need to buy 2 days ticket for Hong Kong Disneyland, one day is enough. But if you want to spend another day for Disneyland, you better go to the lake nearby, it is also run by Hong Kong Disneyland, it is free of charge! Pick your lunch and drinks, walk along the lake and take some beautiful photos around the lake. After that, you can go to the Disneyland Hotels for tea or go shopping.
Smaller than its counterparts on the US and Paris, this Disneyland is worthy to spend a day there.New rides like mystic manor and toy story land make it worth it. Classics like space mountain come short when compared to other disneylands, and they are really missing thrill rides. But they have the most magical night parade. Paint the Night is the crown jewel for this disneyland.
Having been to Disneyland Hong Kong many times (I think I have been over 12 times) and that is a bit of an achievement considering I only go to Hong Kong once a year I do feel that this time the magic wasn't as magical. We went on a day when it was consider a quiet day for Disney. A few of the rides were close due to developments or whatever (Toy Story Parachutes and the actual train). We got there first thing in the morning and I realised prices has increased since last year by a bit. $499 for an adult. Still cheaper than other Disney parks around the world but when you consider the price was I think about $400 then that is significant. Also the food inside has gone up as well as drinks. The shows in there are out of this world and well worth the money. Do try to go to them. As for the rides, there tend to be for the younger patrons but there are a couple of bigger rides now. All the cast members do try their best for you which is good though I almost got into an argument with a family of 8 who tried to push into the queue. Still waiting for the feedback from Disney.
First time visiting Disneyland and it was fun definitely brings the child with adults,we still enjoyed seeing Disney characters, princesses and taking photos. It was a good experience ...
Disneyland Hong Kong just opened in 2005 and it shows. The park was incredibly clean, even by Disney standards. Everything was modern and new. I was blessed with going on a quiet day so wait times were never longer than 15 minutes in queue and most were less than 5 minutes.It was mid November when I was there and was lucky enough to see holiday decorations in the park as well, which really added to the atmosphere even though you are in a sub tropical climate!If you have been to other Disney parks around the world, this one might seem small in comparison, but the fact that I was able to go on every ride and attraction I wanted to still made it worth the day trip. Plan for a whole day just so you can enjoy the rides and attractions at your leisure and at closing time enjoy the fireworks show. But if you are a speedster, I could have easily done everything I wanted to do in the park in about 4 hours.
I really fell in love with our visit to Hong Kong Disney. I had heard mixed reviews about the park but was very pleasantly surprised at what a great experience we had. I had heard the park was very small, but we got there as it opened and stayed until closing time and had plenty to do the whole time. The best thing about the park is that we went during the week and experienced the shortest lines I have ever seen at a Disney. On average, we stood in line for 10 minutes at most rides. As it got later in the afternoon, the longest line we stood was 20 minutes at 'It's a Small World'. We were able to turn around and go on our favorite rides as much as we wanted, including Space Mountain! They had a couple of rides that were exclusive to Hong Kong Disney. One ride I had never seen but turned out to be one of my favorites was the Mystic Manor Mansion. Definitely check that one out because we almost just walked passed it. The evening light parade is amazing, and a way more modern take on the Orlando Disney parade. Overall my experience was great and I would totally recommend it!
We had one day off a cruise ship and one day was all we needed. My daughter is 8 years old and the park was great for her. She is not a roller coaster rider though and likes milder rides. I think as she gets a little older some of the rides will be a little babyish but she loved Winnie the pooh ride and buzz lightyear. She loved Its a small world. I think the park was a great size for a day or two but don't think you would need more than this because its quiet a small Disneyland. Try and time the shows for breaks in the day as it was quite hot and tiring walking so much so we timed the shows so as to have a break and a sit down every few hours. We loved the fireworks but as we were catching the metro back to Hong Kong we skipped out five minutes before the end and got ahead of the crowd. Taking the metro was really easy and saved a fair bit in Taxi fare. My advise for taking the metro is to learn the last stop on the line in the direction of where you are going that way you can be sure you are heading in the right direction as that last stop is listed on the platform.
This was our first time to visit Disneyland and it was magical! Definitely brings the child in every one. Even if all of us were adults we still enjoyed seeing Disney characters, princesses and taking the rides. I even dared try the Grizzly Gulch ride which was for me a nerve wracking experience but it was fun.Food and souvenirs inside the park are much too expensive for our budget so we made sure to eat before we went there. Overall, it was awesome. Make sure to wait for the parades, one in the morning, afternoon and the finale, Paint the Night where you'll lots of beloved Disney Characters on floats.
We loved it. What else can I say, its Disneyland. I heard it was really for younger kids but our 8, 9 and 11 year old as well as mum and dad loved it. Allow 2 days to cover everything at a more leisurely pace.
If u come to Hong kong , u must visit here! U and your family will enjoy this trip in Disneyland . It is really happy to play all the exciting places in Disneyland.
At the outset, let me say that for children, Disneyland HK, as with any Disneyland franchise, would be such a big hit! It would be FUN and EXCITING for them!Having said that, for an adult who has been to the US Disneyland theme parks several times, HK Disneyland pales in comparison. It is a lot smaller; with just a few rides and food choices. However, that would have been ok with me. What I didn't like is how HK Disneyland has seem to have gone too commercial. There are more stores than there are rides areas of interest. Plus all photos taken with the disney characters are for a fee! :(
I have been to both the Anaheim and Florida parks. My travel partner had never been to any Disney property. We both had an incredible time. Hong Kong is much, much smaller than its American counterparts, but very manageable in one day. I felt like the rides were smaller, but better, newer, and fresher. Grizzley Gulch is an improvement on the Anaheim version, as is Mystic Manor. The only disappointing ride was Space Mountain.We took mass transit (45 minutes from downtown, including the 10 minute ride on the Mouse ear windowed Disney line) and were at the park from open to close.We went on every ride we wanted, and had a pleasant lunch. The Festival of the Lion King is a superior show. (I have two degrees in theatre, and felt the Festival was a better production than the Broadway version.) We were able to watch both the afternoon parade and the electric parade, eat a lovely dinner, ending just in time for the fireworks closing.
Disneyland Hong Kong is just like Anahiem but on a smaller scale, Night show should not be missed,,Mystic Manor ride was fantastic done it a couple of times, a lot of the same rides as in Anahiem ,loved a small world ride ,food is expensive
If you have some spare time then Disney is worth a visit, but overall I would say Ocean Park is much stronger. There is a much greater variety of things to do at Ocean Park.That said, I very much enjoyed the mine roller coaster at Disney   very fun! The Philarmagic (I think that is what it is called) was very fun too!I would say the food available is lacking and would recommend taking a few picnic sandwiches with you.
As my first Disneyland, HK Disneyland lives up to expectations. Even though I only spent a couple of hours in the park (5 PM to closing time, which is at 9 PM), it was truly a magical experience. I missed the 3 PM parade but I was able to watch the new Disney Paint the Night Parade, the Christmas Tree Lighting, and the Disney in the Stars fireworks show. I think pre Christmas is one of the best times to visit because there are a lot of shows   plus the Christmas y ambiance of the entire park is wonderful. Special note: I was only able to ride two rides   both dark rides! The Mystic Manor ride was so cool. It wasn't your run of the mill ride   an experience you wouldn't want to miss. There's a reason why it's called a 'dark' ride.
Truly is the magical place not just for kids but for adults as well. A must see place in Hongkong. Be sure to have a full day or even two to visit this place to enjoy all the rides,  activities and shows.
I really love this park but sadly i can not enjoy all of this area..because raining so take a long time to wait at the restaurant but luckily we still can take a photo with all disney character.. and for the really amazing firework unforgetable..never think to pass this part ^^
Many say that this Disneyland sucks because it is so small and has no rides. While it may not have as many rides as other Disneys, there is still enough to do here to occupy a whole day. It really did feel like we were in a different world once we entered the park.Recommended attractions are Space Mountain, Grizzly Gulch and Mystic Point. Also, shoutout to the performers of the Festival of the Lion King   a few of these singers were truly fantastic.Drawback: Quite annoying how they inspect your bags purses before entrance to confiscate your water and food, so that you are forced to buy the overpriced food and beverages inside the park.Tip: If possible, go on a weekday   all the lineups were under 5 minutes, even for the popular rides. Weekends are a different story.
It is definitely smaller than Tokyo Disneyland. The rides were okay, queues for the some of it are ok as I went on a Thursday. Can be finished in 6 hours. Bought a 2 day price anyway from CTS Travel.
As a big, I would even say HUGE fan of Little Marmaid I was a bit upset I didn't find anything connected to that cartoon. But my general impression wasn't spoilt because of it anyway, as we had a lot of fun, enjoyed our rides (some of you may consider non of them scary, but for those who are afraid of darkness and hight   believe me, there are some). Even though Hong Kong Disneyland is not that big (4 5 hours is enough to explore it all without rush), it was a great day. I recommend a ride in a dark in Stitch Theme part on a right side of the Disney Princess Castle and the one in Toy Story part. If you travel with friends you may skip long lines, since crew constantly looks for single travelers to  fill  the cars. In such a way, my friends and I had rides simultaneously but in different cabs, skipping 40 50 people standing in a line ahead. Plan your visit closer to the evening. Thus you can see the parade and fireworks. It also has some very neat areas for smokers, just ask Disneyland workers   they will tell you where to go. Enjoy!
This is a true deal! You have one park, but it is a mere $65.00 per adult ticket and you take the city's subway to the park. Great deal. The food is a bit expensive, but the lines are short and if you choose to go on a weekday then you are sure to do as much as you like in the park.
It is totally a great experience for the whole family.. It was a dream for me to be in one of the Disneyland, and I finally did it after 30 years... (oppss... now you know my age)...It is so touching that we can see all characters that we used to enjoy during our young age, Mickey, Minnie, Donald duck... and most of all, I manage to snap a photo with Winnie the Pooh!!! and also shaking butt with Poo infront of my wife (which I promise to dance with Moscot in Disneyland).Remember to enjoy the show that is located in different theme. It will be packed with tourist. Get the map and time schedule from the front desk and plan the trip.It will need 2 days to complete everything, if you were to enjoy each of the games.The night parade is a new experience with color dancing light.Recommended as a place for you to throw back all the tension and tiredness. And enjoy into the fantasy life (but just for a day or 2.)
for an older couple we had a terrific day & felt like kids for a day highly reccommended must see cant wait to take our grandkids one day
What an experience for Disneyland movies fan like me! Worth every penny for the ticket.Pros:Many points to visit including musicals, rides, exhibitions.There's always something that's suitable for people of any age, as long as you enjoy Disneyland cartoons.There were day parade at 3pm, night parade at 7.30pm & fireworks show at 9pm, I had my whole day here.Cons:Food is expensive, as in all other theme parks.Be prepared for the crowd esp during the parade.I spent half the time walking & queuing, plan your journey here wise esp when your gang doesn't agree on everything.Tips: check the weather before you go, have friend who bought her most expensive raincoat here. Do avoid if it's public holiday or weekend.
Hong Kong Disneyland is much smaller when compared to its US counterparts. That said, I still got excitied when we approached the park via the MTR. My husband, sister and myself visited the park and my only complaint would be that there should be more rides for adults (excluding roller coasters). Queues get very long (as expected) and hence it would be better to visit by 10am. The highlight for me was the Lion King show   amazing performers and costumes. The Golden Mickey's show was also really good.
Late review here ... Visited HK Disneyland in 2013 ,december. This place totally turns one into a kid again , with characters we once loved , colorful attractions..... The rides are awesome , suitable for people of all ages but young at heart. Children are able to enjoy most of the rides while thrill seeking people have choices such as space mountain and r racer . Although it is a relatively small theme park , but it is filled with so much fun ! A must go for Disney fans and children . Plan a whole day trip from morning to night as there are firework display at night which Is magnificent .
Well maintained Disney park with a good collection of attractions. Mystic Manor, Grizzly Gulch and Space Mountain are the highlights, and the two stage shows  Festival of the Lion King  and  The Golden Mickeys  are also worth catching. The nightime parade  Paint the Night  is also excellent. We enjoyed a tasty and not hugely overpriced meal at the Tahitan Terrace restaurant. The park is smaller than the American and Paris parks, and we spent a quiet Monday there and got everything done easily. You may need two days during busier times. Well worth a visit if you have the time available.
Well it's either I've not been watching disney cartoons or the theme park is using non Disney characters. Either way, the experience was great as there were a mixture of rides for young and also for older kids. Mystery manor was best for me not for the exciting ride but the video presentation throughout the ride was good and almost (a little lower than almost rather) real. Having said this, it might be not so great for not so young kids as the rides suitable for them are not many and the rest might feel a little boring to them. I also find this Disney a little small compared to the one in paris(I've only been to two Disney, this being the second one). A single day is sufficient if you are just covering the rides. The parades and fireworks finale were great, as usual. The restaurant food don't appeal to me so I was glad we brought our own food. The trip there was easy as there is a mtr station serving Disney. The train and it's interior were themed. So the excitement starts even from the arriving journey. By the way, you can buy the entrance tickets from circle k convenient stores and the travellex at k11 shopping centre. I recommend circle k as they are cheaper but you need an additional step to exchange the issued voucher for real tickets at Disney entrance. Great experience although I think some of the characters are non Disney.
I have to both eurodisney and orlando  Felt like it was time wasted here  I highly recommend oceanpark in hong kong rather  That was really amazing  Worth visitkng again
I have to admit that Disney Hong Kong is not the biggest parc we visited but certainly the nicest and most charming one with a variation on events ansdshows troughout the whole day. specialized in smaller kids which was proven by many fotosessions with all the known Disney characters. also a big variety in food is available. In the afternoon we attented the parade and in the evening there was a magnificent lightparade followed by the endshow and ofcourse a big Chinese firework. Transport is efficient and well organised with a own MTR line to the parc. A very nice day to spend even without kids and feel for this day as a child again
Very well maintained and very good and safe rides. The place nice and a must see. The Disney Parade in the Evening is very nice and it goes around the park and a very neatly done. There are lot of rides for Kids and also Adults. The Night Cracked and Light show is very magnificent.
If you have visited the Disney parks in America, this will be a major disappointment. For example, Main Street did indeed have storefronts on one side of the street, but the other side was a painted canvas! The main Disney Park features are there, but the quality is so poor it does not create the illusion I associate with a Disneyland experience. What was of interest to me is the park was built taking into consideration Feng Shui. If you are a Westerner visiting this park, take the time to understand this feature of the park to distract you from its shortcomings.
Bring out the kids in me! The Disney mascot are there whole day to take photo with u! Rides mostly see children friendly So bring your children there! The fireworks at the end of the day is awesome,stay to watch that!
At my age, this is the closest I can get to a Disney attraction; and HK's DisneyLand did not fail me. It was indeed a magical experience. Just make sure to spend your whole day here to catch all the fun shows at day and fireworks at night. Until this day, I can still remember our experience.
Been here last March 2014 with my family,A trip that were great for us.My kiddos were really happy .The park's really good and one of the most popular to Hong Kong.
The reviews I saw before going compared it to the Paris Disneyland, but I disagree. The Paris park was not well maintained and a real disappointment. Hong Kong disneyland is beautifully maintained and although much smaller than Disneyworld in Florida, I enjoyed the rides and the souvenir shopping as well as eating some traditional Chinese food. As I am over 65 I did not go looking for the thrill rides but the more traditional Disney rides. If you are over 65 ask for Senior Admission, it is only $12.50US. Took a cab there and back, very easy.
Hong Kong Disneyland was alright, but for me I think Ocean park the other theme park in Hong Kong is better (rides etc) the only thing I reckon Disneyland has which is better than Ocean park is the gift shop with better stuff to buy and listing from some of the Hong Kong locals they also prefer Ocean Park over Disney.
Many people say it's small but if u never been to Disneyland I highly recommend it. I hadn't been to a Disneyland and we had a great day lots to see and do and to see it all I think u need a two day pass. Well worth the money. We had aWheelchair and everyone was extremely helpful and pleasant in helping us on rides etc. they couldn't of been anymore accommodating or helpful. The street parade at night is a must see! I found merchandise very reasonable a must see even if u don't have kids! I will certainly be returning!
This review is quite late. The Hong Kong Disneyland is one of the biggest and most popular attractions in Hong Kong. It is located on reclaimed land in Lantau Island. The park consists of seven themed areas: Main Street, U.S.A., Fantasyland, Adventureland, Tomorrowland, Grizzly Gulch, Mystic Point, and Toy Story Land.  You need a full day to fully appreciate your trip to Hong Kong Disneyland and to get your money's worth for the expensive admission fee. The night ends with a firework display but everybody is rushing to leave the park by then.
Now its Disneyland we are talking about. Needless to say it is oh so wonderful! And even if you   ve been to other theme parks, this one solicits a visit too. About the park: Compact: You can easily cover the entire park in say 6   7 hours (provided you go on a weekday). Start early     the crowds swelled up towards 7 pm even though most of the rides had a waiting time of just 5 minutes throughout the daytime. Rides: There are hardly any thrill rides for adults. But some of the rides are done so pretty that you don   t mind doing them even twice over (Andy   s Train     you can shoot at targets and get a score), The Jungle Cruise (it isn   t just a cruise     do not miss) and an Interactive space station show.    It   s a small world    cruise is good too. Food: There is a restaurant that offers Indian cuisine     it offers vegetarian thalis that are good and taste pretty original. Slightly on the expensive side but worth it nonetheless. Getting there: It might be away from the centre of HK but getting there is as easy as it possibly could be with the direct MTR to the Disney door step. Comparison with the Ocean Park:There are a thousand posts across internet guiding people to go to Ocean Park instead of Disney. I differ majorly. The beauty, the charm, the parade, the feel and the ambience of Disney is unparalleled. Even though it costs HKD 180 more (OP     HKD 320; DL     HKD 499) it is just totally worth it. We were all grown    ups and had male members and yet everyone loved DL over OP. Comparison with Disneyland, Paris: The format is the same   the park is spread across the Main Street USA. The parades are the same. However, DL Paris has an old world charm to it. The one at HK has concepts that are new and more experiential in nature. Whilst you wouldn   t miss anything if you skip on either, you would not feel bored either, even if you did both. I covered Paris and HK in a space of less than one year and was equally charmed both times. Liked the feel of Paris better and the rides of HK more.Tip: There   s a place called World Wide house just off the Central MTR Station. A tours & travels shop on the 3rd floor offers discounted Disney tickets. Primarily because Disney   s just increased its fares (Nov 14) and this place proposes to increase it only by Jan   Feb 2015. Till then you can get it at this place for HKD 100 less.
This is our first time visiting the    ghost house    in Disneyland during Halloween. We bought the night ticket and entered Disneyland at 7p.m. We waited for around half an hour to visit each ghost house. The ghost house is not very terrifying; suitable for elder children    it took around 10 15 minutes to walk through the ghost house. The night parade is exactly like its television advertisement. The children were excited but it is not that attractive to adults. Firework at the castle was amazing; it starts at 21:00 every night. The music and firework cooperate to create a wonderful memory for visitors.
So easy to get to they even have a great Disney style train, very cute, all the kids and the adults loved it, we had an excellent guide called Denis for 3 hours who was fantastic. Night time show is just amazing, so well done, our best day out in Hong Kong.
I went to the park over 2 days with my partner who was a Disney park virgin. I on the other hand have been to Florida and california parks several times. This park did not disappoint. It had the same diversity of rides, with a few unique additions. These unique attractions were in the new zones of the Disneyland HK, the most immersive for me was grizzly gulch, a frontier land style mining town with geysers and and old town included. The star of this zone however is a mine train coaster which is tame but entertaining. The queues for the rides were mainly interesting although the utopia (car ride) queue was not that fun!An interesting sidenote I found the staff much less friendly in this park than in America! I was not met with smiles and greetings as you always are in Florida and California. Because of that I would knock of half a star but that isn't possible. Otherwise though an enjoyable park, we spent two days here which out of season was ideal as we did all attractions at least once, some more than and got to see both parades and all shows. 2 Days was definitely adequate to see all the parks rides, shows parades and time for photos.To sum up   If your in HK and a disney fan time to spare or have a young family   visit enjoy and smile!
What more to say when the name brand itself is so enticing that even without reading the reviews you would go there.We went as a family and had the best time of our lives till date. Such an unforgettable memory , so much of laughter, fun, rides and what shows!Go and turn yourself into a kid again, leave behind those inhibitions and enjoy wholeheartedly as the characters there are ready to welcome you with broad smiles.The park is divided into 3 sections so only suggestion is go as early as possible preferably when the gates open and be there to watch the fireworks show at the end. Don't you miss it! That is some spectacular show there! What more to say, Seeing is Believing, so check it out for yourself!
My initial impression of HK Disneyland wasn't great. When we got there, we were inundated with overly loud and tacky music. We then had to queue up in 3 different places.Once inside, the loud music continued and as far as the eye could see was overpriced merchandise and queues to get photos with characters.We then continued to the themed areas and went firstly to  Adventureland . This was perhaps a mistake, because quite frankly it was rather boring.After that, however, it got much better. All of the other areas were much more entertaining and I started to get into it. That was until lunch time. Upon viewing the menu, I actually looked around to see if there were hidden cameras. The prices were more than double what you would pay in Hong Kong, and Hong Kong is one of the most expensive cities on Earth.Nevertheless, we had lunch and then proceeded with a much lighter wallet for the rest of the day. By the time we got to dinner (because we HAD to stay for the fireworks) I just handed them my wallet and told them to take whatever they wanted.Actually, to be a little more fair, getting back to the merchandise, it wasn't that overpriced. I just didn't like the fact you were inundated with it as soon as you entered the park.The bathrooms are plentiful and pretty clean, which must be quite an undertaking.The rides are on the junior side, but there are a few to entertain the adults.Overall I did enjoyed the day with kids. I'll just have retire a few months later, to pay for the meals.
Not too big. Just right for one day. I was actually having second thoughts because i've heard lots of negative reviews about it... some of which were that their kids got nightmares after, thats its over priced etc. However, for me none of these were true. My kids enjoyed. Going on a weekday, the longest cue was 30 minutes which was the Parachute Drop.Food prices are expensive (98 for chinese food and around 110 for others). Tip: Traffic gets a lot shorter (as in 5 mins cue) after the Parade when everyone has gone home. We lined up for 20 minutes at the Buzz Light year ride in the morning but after the parade, there was zero cue and was able to do it 3x in 10 minutes!Don't miss Grizzly Gulch, Space Mountain and Parachute Drop. These are my top rides. River Cruise was also nice.Food & Drinks are allowed to be brought in so go buy them in 7 11 or Circle K. Don't ever miss the Parade and the Fireworks. I cried here because its sooo beautiful. Made the price we paid worth it.
We spend a full day at Hong Kong Disneyland and were curious after all we have heard about some of the issues such as dirty toilets and small park. None of it we found to be true.The toilets were very clean by any standard and the staff overall very friendly and accommodating. We spent from opening until closing and loved every minute of it. A there were not so many people we were able to ride all attractions with no to little wait and found the size of the park just right for a full day of fun.We can highly recommend it.
Visit to Disneyland is a must for anyone who visits Hong Kong. It is designed for the entertainment of one and all, irrespective of the age. Various rides and shows keep you engaged throughout the day. Pity we could not stay until fireworks, as we had a child with us.
We thought Disneyland is supposed to be one of the happiest place on earth but it is definitely not true in Hong Kong Disneyland. We encounter several rude and unhelpful staff especially in the disney shop inside disneyland. The sales staff display bad, unhelpful attitude when my wife ask him question in mandarin nicely. His attitude only improve when she eventually speak to him in English. We can feel the distinct discrimination to Chinese especially to those from mainland. But being in the service industry, this should not even happen. Having been to other Disney theme park in florida and LA, I must comment that the experience in disneyland hong kong is unexpected and disappointed. Your staff just spoilt our day. Lousy!!
After reading quite a few reviews about how small the Disneyland is, I was a bit skeptical about visiting. But it turned out to be far more enjoyable than our expectations and we did have a good time. We spent 2 days in Disneyland and were able to do most of the rides. Some of them had really long queues but there were notices informing you how long the waiting time would be so you could always choose if you wished to do it or not. There was easy access to clean loos and eating joints and there were enough attendants around to give you directions. My kids' favourite ride was Mystic Manor which was quite spooky and we were able to do that twice! What could be better though is having a better queue management system, as there are quite a few people who try to jump the queue and have to be reminded that we are all waiting in a queue and they need to do the same. Also there could be a bigger waiting area for those waiting to watch the Lion King show as the one where they currently make people wait is too small and cramped.On the whole, quite an enjoyable experience.
We didn't like this very much. We were so excited to be going to Disneyland and had prebooked a 2 day pass and didn't even stay for one full day. If you want to buy select Disney products   it is good (not all though). Every  shop front  was another gift shop.
A very unique place for the young generation and the old too. Enjoy the rides, eat to taste and play with the Disney characters. Shoot with the Disney characters and make moments memorable. Some very new shows are very exciting filled with thrill. A very special kids zone for the youngsters. A must visit place.
While small for a Disney park, it was an enjoyable experience all around. Park was as expected, clean, organized.The queuing systems for a lot of the rides can use some work, as the system created more delays than solving. Waits for rides were created by inefficiency instead of solved.
it was our first trip to disneyland with our children. They really enjoy all the attractions, meet and greets with the characters from their favourite movies, collect lots of souvenirs.Visit Disneyland during Christmas, all the ornaments and decorations are really beautiful. Great parade on the afternoon and then if you stay until 9 pm, there is a beautiful fireworks in front of Princess Castle.
Disneyland, Hong Kong Disneyland (Hong Kong) is located on Lantau Island and could be reached via the Mass Transit Railway (MTR) where a dedicated train goes to Disneyland. Throughout the train there are notable statues of Walt Disney's creation. Due to the space allotted Disneyland (Hong Kong) it is much smaller and far less rides than the Disneyland in Anaheim, California (USA). Instead of the Haunted House (Anaheim), there is the Mystic House with an Asian twist which is very interesting. The 3D shows and the live shows are worth seeing. It is interesting to note that there is very little junk food being sold, and the food meals sold on the premises have an Asian flavour (e.g. curry, dim sum). Some of the attractions were out of commission when we visited the park, and with the admission price almost similar to the Disneyland in Orlando and Anaheim, it would be advisable to visit the website and determine whether it is worthwhile to visit as it takes only a few hours to cover the entire park. Additional Tip: Visit on Friday, Saturday and Sunday if one is interested in seeing the parades (afternoon and evening) including the fireworks.
Not a very huge park, but if with kids, it definitely requires an entire day. Better to plan on a weekday else to plan when schools in Hong Kong and China are not on holidays. We went on a Saturday in October and it was alright. Most of the rides had only a 10 15 min wait atleast till 5pm. Post that, the lines get a little longer to 30 40 mins but i guess that alright. a lot is covered by that time. Tickets: Tickets can be purchased at the gate else a better option is to took them online in advance and get them cheaper by $30 per adult.Travelling: We were staying on Hong Kong island. So we took the MTR from Hong Kong Stn to Sunny Bay via the Tung Chung Line. At Sunny Bay, change to the Disney Line and the magic of disney begins there itself. A specially designed Disney theme train to take you to Disneyland. Mickey is everywhereOrder of Zones to Cover: Tomorrowland, Fantasyland, Adventureland, Grizzly Gulch, Mystic Point, Toy Story Land. Tomorrowland and Fantasyland have majority of the attractions which we covered by 2pm followed by lunch. Post the 3pm parade we went to the other zones which are smallFood & Water: Lots of small food joints everywhere and a restaurant in each zone. However the food is expensive. We ate at Tahitian terrace and the food was good. In between, we munched on fries, popcorn and some snacks. Food is kind of expensive but there is other option. Outside food is not allowed and the checking at the gates in quite strict. Water can be filled inside at many water stations available. the bakery in Mainstreet USA is good tooMost of the rides are for kids and adults might find them silly, but hey, this is disney and if with kids they will have a great time at almost all the rides and attractions. So silly they may be, enjoy with them.Must Do Rides zonewise:Tomorrowland: Space Mountain, Buzz Astro Light Year, Autopia & OrbitronFantasyland: The May Adventures of Winnie the Pooh, Mad Hatter Tea Cups, Its a small world, Cinderella Carousal, Dumbo the Flying elephantAdventureland: Jungle River Cruise, Festival of the Lion King (Show)Grizzly Gulch: Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine CarsMystic Point: Mystic ManorToy Story Land: RC Racer, Slinky Dog Spin, Toy Soldier Parachute DropParades:3pm Flight of the Fantasy: Awesome. take a seat around 45 mins before the parade to get a good seat. Best viewed from the place there the entry to Adventureland is. If lucky, your kid would be called in the parade and made to participate. My daughter was called in like 4 5 times and she went so crazy9pm Fireworks. A must see, just brilliant. They happen above Sleeping Beauty's castle and are best viewed from the Gazebo at Main Street USA close to the entranceSince it was Haloween, we had a special parade at 7:30pm called Disney Paint the Night. a parade with 900k LEDs and the disney characters. Simply brilliant. Best viewed from same place as the 3pm paradeFast Pass: Space Mountain and Winnie the pooh rides have fast pass. So if you do not get a queue go for it once and then take fast pass. Come back again at the mentioned time and enter with minimal queue againShopping: Princess clothes and stuff along with Mickey stuff at a shop in Fantasyland. Lots of other carts all around for accessories, souvenirs and toys.Meet the Characters:Mickey, Minnie, Pluto, Chipmunks, Donald Duck   In Fantasy Gardens in Fantasy land. But expect a queue of 25 40 mins for photo with each character. Buzz Light Year   Next to the Buzz Lightyear Ride. expect a 30 min queue atleast.Have a great time at Disneyland. you and your kids will be smiling all day :)
Worth a look, parades and fireworks were fantastic, not as large as L.A. and not main rides.  Wonderful location and set out similar to the original.
If you have been to other Disneyland Parks in other countries, you would be disappointed with the size and the attractions in HK Disneyland. Its a lot smaller than other Disneyland Parks (Paris, Orland, Tokyo are the ones I've seen) and the rides are quite few. We went on a Tuesday where foot traffic was quite low and got there at 10am. We rode all of the rides and visited all attractions and managed to finish everything by 5pm. Note that this includes 10 30mins wait for each ride. The parade was scheduled at 7:30pm then fireworks follows at 8pm. We didn't wait for both. We just wanted to go home since there's nothing else to see. Just to add, it also has the smallest sleeping beauty's castle that looked more like a prop that a real castle. On another note, my nieces who were Disneyland first timers loved the experience. I guess HK Disneyland works for kids and for Disney first timers.
I have been to Tokyo Disneyland, the experience with HK is only about 15% close.Disneyland suppose to be the happiness place on the planet, the one in HK does not really make you feel that way, I guess is the service quality they provide.@ goqlue.com
Not only for kids, but also the big childs, the park brings fun to the whole family. Takes you less than an hour from Causeway bay station to the park. Beside Mickey & Co. there is the parade to watch, lots of amusements to enjoy...with some thrills...the Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars coaster ride was best. Food isnt cheap in the park, but with a snack bought inside, its no problem to survive till back in town for the dimsum. The space mountain coaster ride is great thrill too, dont miss it.
Enjoyable trip to Disney Hong Kong, easy to get there on the MTR, & not too busy being mid week. Easy to walk around, ride queues weren't too long, although rides not as big & scary as in the USA! Enjoyed the evening fireworks & both the afternoon parade & the evening lights show.Busiest part of the day was trying to find somewhere to sit & eat once we'd purchased our dinner in the food court   lots of people sitting but not eating!
Well although I went here alone but I had so much fun and relax my mind, destress myself. They have more venues to go to and the best is the 3D show, felt like a kid again when the water splashed in front of you. It was probably only 30 mins show but it is so worth it waiting those long queue. Excellent 3D animation.
It's Disneyland! A happy place to be. Rides are not very exciting. Universal Studio was much more fun. Everything in there is super expensive. Food could cost USD30 40 for a simple set meal of rice, chicken and cola. Doesn't even taste nice. Should stick with fried snacks and hotdogs.
Disney like all others are spectacular   filled with excitement and entertainment. The only difference in the Hong Kong one is that there is Mystic point which the others don't have. The fire works that go on at the end is fabulous to say the least. Continuous array of lights against the Magic castle which is also lit up and changes with the different crackers, so well blended together, a sheer delight to the eyes. The Mickey Parade comes twice, once at 3.30 p.m. which is nice, but if you stay back for the 7.30 p.m. show it is something so different to the eye from the afternoon one because of the lighting and the costumes.
U need 6 hours if alone and 2 days if with family . Entry ticket is 450 HK dollars . There is locker facility on hire for transit passengers , 80 HK dollars per bag.
This was such a fun day! The characters are all mimes so they don't have an odd accent. Every ride is in English with English speaking actors. The ques aren't too bad except for the Winnie the pooh ride which is really long! The heat is not ideal for ques. Every ride has had a lot of thought go into it, almost identical to Americas! Such a great day even the train there is decorated in Disney : )
Disneyland Hong Kong is a great facility. It has everything a Disneyland should have and kids love it. But,..... if you visit it during a weekend it is a nightmare, simply too many people.
finally i got in here and yes its the happiest place on earth. we get there on sunday at 9.30 am and its already full of family with children. when you enter the park, dont forget to take the show schedule and manage your time wisely. the attraction and show was very good. the food was expensive, about 100 HKD per person.and you have to wait until close time because they have a wonderful firework at the castle, around 8.30 pm.
Being a person who as a child always read disney stories, this place is truly magical. The golden mickey & Lion king show are so entertaining. The parade of lights is so nice and so is the fireworks . The visit is truly worth it.
I haven't been to another Disneyland before, so this was an absolute dream come true. My friend and I are both in our mid twenties and both had an incredible time. The rides aren't just for little kids    especially the rides in Grizzly Gultch and Toy Story Land.We had a great time and found the entry fee and food offerings affordable. We spent all day there and got through the whole park.
What a truly amazing and magical place for the whole family!We visited with our 3 children aged 3, 5 & 7. We got a 2 day pass and stayed at The Disneyland Hotel so caught the complimentary shuttle bus to and from the park. The first day we visited the park was a Sunday and we got there late in the afternoon so the kids weren't too tired to stay until the fireworks and close of the park at 8:30pm. It got a little bit quieter at the ark later in the afternoon and it was also a great experience being at the park when it was dark and the park is lit up. It gets dark in HK at this time of year fairly early, so we had a few hours of wondering g around and going on rides in the dark (the Grizzly Gulch is especially cool on the dark).The food choices aren't that great, we had tea there and found their meals very very average!! But the kind of have you over a barrel because there's nothing else you can do.The fireworks display was spectacular! We returned the next day to re do some things we loved and see some things we missed the previous day.I would recommend spending 2 days there otherwise I think it would be too rushed! Some things you need to queue for, which obviously takes time.Well worth a visit, especially if you have younger children because there's so much they can do.
Depending on how long you plan to be in Hong Kong and how old your kids are, this can be a very fun addition to your travels. We live here and so we've been many times, but as our kids get older, they prefer Ocean Park. (Bigger, scarier rides.) Don't expect a US Disneyland experience because the park is too small and you just won't get one. But, do expect a bit of cultural  weirdness  if you are Western and HAVE been to US Disneyland. It's a fun, smallish and very manageable park for little kids. Enough of the well known attractions are here to keep it fun and interesting. And, they're always adding more.The food is not great so I highly recommend Maxims, the dim sum place near the castle.
It was the 3rd time I went to Hong Kong and visitted this attraction. Apart from its well known brand name, cannot compare to Disney World in the US or Legoland in Europe. Avoid weekends as the crowds and long tiring queues will kill you and your kids very soon. Should buy online tickets before you get here. Get an Octopus card or you will have to queue at the ticket vending machine for return tickets. Or else, should buy return tickets from the station's ticket service counter upon departure to save time. Try to avoid the heat in summer time from Jun to Oct or you will soon dry out and get tired before your kids do. Bring a baby trolley or hire one for yr toddlers or smalller kids right after entrance. Do not visit the shops first as you will go back the same way out, unless you want some burdens to carry along the visit. Stay till late for the fireworks as ot worths seeing. Disneyland should build more trees or shadows and put more benches for family to relax nearby the food courts. Should give discount for early birds. Queueing was a nightmare, but it happens in all famous attractions. Should have 2 lines for adult and kids, and kids must be given higher priority. Should invest more on attractions, as I've been here last year and tjis year almost see no change nor additional attractions.
An enjoyable day..but it seemed walking and waiting  was all that one did.Seems very small and even the parade was unchanged from 2 years ago.
This park, according to people who worked there, was built with one segment of market in mind: the Mainlanders. The rides in this park, therefore, are not as exciting as the ones found in other Disneylands. The park was built so that people could merely take photos, and walk around as that was what the market research resulted. Save your money for a real one. The place is too crowded, and too uncivilized, and sanitation suffers.
Disneyland is simply great. It is kinda expensive but totally worth it. The Golden Mickeys show is out of this world. Definitely one of the best in the region.
The park is extremely well kept and it's easy to walk around without getting lost. Great for smaller kids as a result. Staff are helpful and friendly and the fireworks   parade are really good, improving all the time. Worth staying in the park late for. Both hotels are fine, but the Disneyland Hotel has more class, whereas the Hollywood Hotel is more fun. If you are staying for a few days, also visit Inspiration Lake. Great for a picnic, spotting turtles and fish and relaxing on a pedalo boat. There's also a snack shop and a great kid's play park.
Disneyland in Hong Kong is smaller than other Disneyland's so getting in before the crowds is the best way to enjoy this place, Most Mainland tour groups start arriving around 11 11:30 and they are not the nicest of visitors if your expectation is for other visitors to queue properly as you would expect. So be at the gates around 9:30 and enjoy a couple of hours of enjoyment. If you have children its best to plan to enjoy immediately those rides that build big queues. This may mean entering the park and going past many closer rides and returning later.
Disneyland Hong Kong may not be your typical Disneyland filled with many extreme rides but what it is, is a magical family fun day out. It has something for everyone despite your age. I went there for my 19th birthday quite a few years back when it was still very basic. I went with my parents, 26 year old sister and 24 year old brother. When my brother found where we were going he was sceptical. He said isn't it going to be boring. We should go to ocean park where there are more adrenaline rides. I agreed but said if we did that my mom would end up spending the day on her own, as she doesn't go on rides. At least here we can all be together. Well expecting a somewhat dull but sweet day we headed to Disneyland. I have to tell you it was the best day! We all got infected with the magical wonder that is Disneyland and felt like we were all children again, my brother most of all. Our minds were continually blown. We started with The Lion King show, which was goosebump filled and boarder line tear jerking. We honestly thought it couldn't get better. But it did. Everything took our breath away and creates such wonder and excitement. Tarzans tree house was full of so many hidden treasures, the boat ride full of surprises. The few rides they did have back then still made us scream, we were even able to get my mom on. The Micky mouse philamagic was out of this world.All the details, the parade, the atmosphere. It is really something that I would recommend for anyone and challenge anyone not to feel like a kid when there. My husband and I took my parents in law last year and even they got caught up in it all and were running around like children. Now it has expanded quite abit and there is a lot more to do. It is a great day or even two days out. Don't miss the fireworks. Still to this day is the most amazing and beautiful show I've seen. And I love my fireworks. Try go in the week and not during any holidays. It seems expensive but truly believe it's worth it!
Visited HK Disyneyland in November 2012. Indeed a great place to visit.The kids thoroughly enjoyed themselves especially taking pictures with all the characters.Will definitely visit the place again if we are in Hong Kong but will skip staying at the hotel in Hong Kong Disneyland..
Thank God for walt disney because we can all enjoy being a kid every time we go to disneyland. The world is already so serious and we need to stepback and enjoy from time to time.
We visited Disneyland as a group of 3 in our late 20s. My sister was visiting from the UK and we had a very enjoyable day out. I thought the park could be a bit too child orientated but we had a really good day. I have also visited Disney in Florida and Paris and the Hong Kong one compared well, whilst not as big as the Florida park there is still plenty there to do for the day!We went on a weekday and the park was overly croweded, I think a weekend or public holiday may be busier so I would recommend a weekday if you can.Transport to the park is very convenient on the MTR from anywhere in Hong Kong.
I had a great experience throughout my day visiting the park. The rides are varied, fun, and associated with famous Disney characters so you'll have fun even walking around the park because there are so many things to see and take pictures of. Because I visited in August, the weather in Hong Kong is ultra hot. Also understandably, all rides are packed with people queueing so be patient when waiting for your turn. Unfortunately, I didn't get to see the fireworks show on the night because of heavy raining.The souvenir shop is pretty interesting, even tempting to make you spend with all the interesting stuffs you can find. There are a ton of souvenir stalls everywhere, but they basically sell the same type of items, so just visit the huge shop in front of the park to save time from stopping at those stalls every once in a while.A few tips that saved me a hassle :1. If you want to save a bit more, do not eat inside the park because the food prices are pretty high as in all theme parks although I can't comment about the taste. Instead, take a 10 15 minute MRT ride to Tung Chung and eat in the Mall nearby the station. 2. I was told that almost all rides are open until 9 PM. So if you are not patient enough queueing all day and or cannot stand the heat, you can go somewhere else first and come back in the afternoon. Based on my experience, I arrived at the park at 11 AM, only got 2 rides due to queueing, left the park at 3 PM, came back at 7 PM and managed to got 4 rides in 2 hours with almost no queueing at all.Overall, it is worth it, maybe in part because I have never been to a disneyland before. I have been to Universal Studios SG, and I think Disneyland is a tiny bit more interesting.
It was a slow day! Not many people. We were lucky. We got there at 10am and the park opened at 10:30am we were able to ride 9 rides with no lines. The park is small enough to do almost all in one day even it there were more people. Star liner diner better priced foods (fast food) diner in the park, pricier but better quality food.
This Disney Land is mainly for young children. There is no adventure land of tomorrow land. If you have been to Anaheim , Orlando or Tokyo, you will disappointed by this Disneyland. It is full of very young children and mainland Chinese families, often in large groups. If you have never been to one of the other Disneylands , you will able to enjoy it for what it is. If you have older or teenage children who are expecting adventure rides like space mountain or the run away train, then you will have to put up with their winging all day.
I am so glad that I have been lucky enough to go to the parks in the states and Disneyland Paris. This allowed me to compare this park to the others. Our family of 4 with two teens included have now been to all parks apart from Tokyo. Our least favourite park was HongKong in fact it was the bottom of our list by a long way. We disliked the food that may have been the fact that we prefer western style food. The small amount of western food available was poorly done in fact my daughter fed most of hers to the birds. The park itself was clean and pretty but small and the staff lacked personality. The castle was small and I felt lacked the feeling you get from the other parks. We did enjoy the Mystic manor and was my favourite ride, we also enjoyed the addition of the Disney characters in its a small world but apart from that we were disappointed with the rides. My children said space mountain was the worst one in all the parks they had visited. The merchandise available was also boring and lacked variety compared to other parks. If this is to be your first time at a Disney park dont bother save for a little longer and go to one of the better parks. As you can tell I was disappointed maybe if I had nothing to compare it to I would have felt differently.
Having never experienced Disney before this was great fun. The whole day was full on and there is no way we could cope with a week of the place in Florida.Nice to experience and to compare with Ocean Park
I absolutely loved Hong Kong Disneyland. I have been to Disneyland in LA twice and while it is small in comparison, I still had an awesome time here. People had told me not to expect much from this Disneyland, but they were wrong.The lines were extremely reasonable & the rides were a lot of fun. I would highly recommend those travelling with children come here, it is a great, more relaxed version of LA.Please visit!
Disneyland, Hong Kong Disneyland (Hong Kong) is located on Lantau Island and could be reached via the Mass Transit Railway (MTR) where a dedicated train goes to Disneyland. Throughout the train there are notable statues of Walt Disney's creation. Due to the space allotted Disneyland (Hong Kong) it is much smaller and far less rides than the Disneyland in Anaheim, California (USA). Instead of the Haunted House (Anaheim), there is the Mystic House with an Asian twist which is very interesting. The 3D shows and the live shows are worth seeing. It is interesting to note that there is very little junk food being sold, and the food meals sold on the premises have an Asian flavour (e.g. curry, dim sum). Some of the attractions were out of commission when we visited the park, and with the admission price almost similar to the Disneyland in Orlando and Anaheim, it would be advisable to visit the website and determine whether it is worthwhile to visit as it takes only a few hours to cover the entire park. Additional Tip: Visit on Friday, Saturday and Sunday if one is interested in seeing the parades (afternoon and evening) including the fireworks.
Yes, this park is a little smaller but it IS Disneyland. Park tickets and merchandise were priced well. I bought a ton of stuff that was on sale or clearance. Even the costumes, such as IronMan, for children were a great deal  about $20 USDWe timed our trip here just right   During  National Days  but towards the end of the Golden week   October 5th. We took a few extra days off work to do this but it was well worth it! We nearly had the park to ourselves. We rode everything more than once, some even three times. While waiting for one of the shows we asked a worker how the park was earlier in the week and she said 90% capacity!!!We had a  magical  time and I am so glad that we took the time to come here. It is just like the Florida park and offers many of the show attractions in English or subtitled if you cannot understand Chinese or Cantonese.Toy Story land was awesome and allowed our 4 year old to also experience a few adrenaline rushes   mainly from the army men parachutes which we must have rode at least 10 times   while my older children were on slinky dog (which the 4 year old couldn't ride). We had many character sightings as well and not too long of lines to get our pics   BUT I will stress that we strategically planned to be here outside of the crowds   if you plan on visiting HK Disneyland during the first few days of October   be prepared to wait in line! (National Day's Golden week is a national holiday in China and most everyone gets a week off of work   usually September 30   Oct 7th, or so)The park was also in Halloween mode and looked great once night fell   vampires and zombies roamed the park   and even scared the beejeezus out of my little one during the night parade but, which he didn't think was funny at the time but now has a good laugh at it. The day parades were also very fun!The one bad thing was that they had a YUMMY looking halloween cupcake so, we all got one and it was one of the worst tasting things I have ever bit into. The classic (chocolate ears) Mickey ice cream was delicious though! Overall great experience and one of the best vacations my family has had to date!
I was not expecting much, just an average experience because this park is the smallest of all the Disneylands. But thank God I was pleasantly surprised. My son was so happy to see Mickey Mouse & his friends live! He thoroughly enjoyed the Paint the Night Parade, especially the car carrier Mac & Lightning Mcqueen himself! The robot like dancers were very good also they danced right in front of us! (we were seated to the left if you're facing Sleeping Beauty's castle in front of the food stand.) Best to watch this on a weekend night at the energy is higher. We watched on a Sunday night and a Monday night and the former was sooooo much better! The park is less crowded on weekdays though & its best to come early to avoid long lines at the rides & gift shop cashiers. The fireworks was also very nice to watch but impossible to find a seat so reserve yours early. People don't leave after the Paint the Night parade.The park is too big to cover in one day so best to buy a 2 day ticket. This is especially true if you're staying in one of the two nearby hotels: rest in your hotel in the hot afternoons & come back late afternoon. Wouldn't recommend the Space Mountain to young kids as its quite scary even for adults like myself. Food & drinks are plentiful but pricey. Recommend the bottled orange juice at hk$15 with a meal or hk$30 solo. Its cheaper than bottled water at hk$38. It can get quite hot & humid midday so you'll need lots of liquids.Desserts are very cute with Olaf on ca!kes & Mickey Mouse ears everywhere even if you're not a Disney fan it will be rather difficult to stop you're inner child from surfacing & having a great time! One dampener on our Disney experience was the very rude employee at the bakery though. She was very rude & impatient to my mother (who is a senior already) but I think she's the exception because others were very helpful & smiling.
The tickets are very cheap and you get to ride the special Disney train. It's a magical day to have between the rides and shows throughout the day. The fireworks at night are spectacular.
it is a good spot for kids .. easy to cover all the areas .. may be tiny but not irritating one .. can enjoy the spot without comparison.. games and hotels are nice indeed.. Disney land of others countries are big in size ..that is the only disadvantage .. but nice one
its truly a magical experience...a dream come true ,my son was in a dreamland. don't miss  the day and the night parade.Even fire show is a must see. A must visit.
My husband and teenage daughter were in Hong Kong in the last week of October, 2014 and took the opportunity to experience Disneyland there. It was our first Disneyland visit, and we enjoyed every bit of it. Quick tips for those going with families :1) Try and book in advance, preferably from your hotel (place of stay) as the tickets are likely to be cheaper than getting them at the entrance.2) Disneyland can be accessed comfortably through Hong Kong MTR. 2) Week days are apparently better as the place is less crowded and so less wait time for rides.3) The HK Disneyland is very much doable in one day; so think twice before getting a two day pass. 4) We didn't take any food along with us, but found security officers to be quite liberal in allowing outside food to be taken inside. Being vegetarians, we regretted not getting our own food, as the food stalls serve mostly non vegetarian snacks and are a little pricey. Indian vegetarian lunch is, however, made available at Tahitian terrace restaurant in Adventure Land.4) The best thrill rides for adults and teens are: space mountain and grizzly gulch   don't miss these. If you are an adrenalin junkie, go for RC racer; we didn't have the appetite for it. 'Mystic manor' was also wonderful. Don't miss 'It's a small world' and the 'Lion King Show' either. Children will love Mickey's Philharmagic (4D show). Most other rides are mild and well suited for smaller children.Our only regret was, despite repeated tries, we couldn't do 'Autopia', which promised to be a thrill ride in the league of space mountain and grizzly gulch; everytime we tried, we were told the waiting time was 45 minutes!And plan your day well so as to stay back for the parade and the fireworks show. In all, Disneyland gives you absolute bang for the buck.
The place was great ! It has lots of attractions and rides ! But the queue ing for those attractions can be a pain, especially for little children, which causes a lot of waste of time, hence, it is not enough to explore every places here !
Went there for my 30th birthday celebration and the whole day tour was really worth it! Upon arrival at 12nn, we got a map and the schedule for the activities. The place is not that big as you can tour in one day but more time is spent waiting. Had dinner at a restaurant(forgot the name,sorry!) for big servings so we were able to take home the remaining and have it for breakfast. Do not miss out the parade and the fireworks at 8pm. This is really a place for everyone! For those planning to visit, you can get the Disneyland tickets at the airport for a cheaper price.
Wonderful place to take young children, up to about 12 years old. We had 2 days at the resort, it was so much fun having all our favourite characters make an appearance at breakfast. I took my daughter to the salon where they did her hair, make up, nails and costume as her choice of one of the Disney princesses. She then spent the day wondering around Disneyland dressed as princess, how much fun for a little girl. Being so fair and blond, many Chinese tourists wanted to have a photo with her so she felt like a real celeb. On our first day we hired a guide, which was great because that meant no lining up. With the guide we were able to do all the rides and shows in a day. We also got the best seats for all the shows. Would highly recommend paying a bit extra for a guide. The food available inside the park was excellent and the pricing was very reasonable which we were really surprised about.
Went there to spend all day but after many hours we rallies that it's not what we expect .. it's a great magical land for kids they will live there dreams there but l don't recommend it for adults !!
after a lot of hesitation because of the protests i took my family for a holiday to hong kong with the main intention of taking my kids to Disneyland,took a two day pass from my travel agent and later came to know that senior citizens get a discount which was not provided to me by the travel agent as they said group bookings do not get that facility was disappointed with the attitude of some of the survey takers who were very selective in giving gifts to the people whom they questioned for their survey.Asians from the far east and chinese were always given postcards ,sticker sheets ,writing pads but INDIANS were given the round stickers which all kids get when entering. so if you are an Indian don't bother answering and wasting time to answer the survey questionssecondly veg food is difficult to find in any of the eat outs aroundsenior citizens who come in private vans of tour operators have to walk quiet a distance to the main entrance would suggest golf carts to be provided to senior citizens and mothers having toddlersover all my kids enjoyed the disney experience and it was worth my risk to go to hong kong during the political unrest
Compared to other disneylands, its small, but not a bit less in charm and magic of Disney. Also, you stand in ques lot less. The shows, parade and nightly fireworks are exhilarating.Take the Disneyland metro, it will add on to Disney charm. And do take 'Fast Pass' for famous rides like Space Mountain to lessen the que time. And do not miss the shows, they are one of a kind.
It is one of the best place to be with friends families as have a lot of attraction for kids and playing areas and huge place for travel inside to see everything needa whole day.
My partner was rather sceptical about visiting Disneyland Hong Kong. He is not a Disney fan and in fact is a bit of a Disney cynic. I however am a massive Disney fan and could not wait to visit the park.I am please to say that we both had an absolutely fantastic time.The whole park was magical. All the staff, 'cast members', were enthusiastic and helpful. The park was more than just Disney characters. Each themed area had different food stalls, shows and rides to suit all audiences. You did not need to be into Disney nor rides to enjoy the park. The shows were fantastic, some felt like you were in a West End theatre.The rides were all good fun but they did have some white knuckle rides for the braver folk.The parades, night and day were beautiful and entertaining. You must also stay for the fireworks in the evening to finish the night off. A spectacular display over the castle to end the evening with a final glimmer of magic.The whole park was so slick and well thought through. The food was a little pricey and of course the merchandise was as well. Disney may well take your money but they do it in style.Would much recommend over the drab Ocean Park Hong Kong!
honestly... i didn't like it much. I have been to disney land in orlando and does not compare even 50% to it. the parade was not as thrilling as the one in America. I did not enjoy it much but for disney park first timers, they might enjoy it.
Buy your tickets at hotel. Ours gave 5% discount and no waiting to buy tickets. Go on a Friday or a Saturday. It gives you an extra 4 hours for the same price. use there free purchased item store if buying a lot. You dont have to carry it all day. Kids content because you have bought their treasures already. You dont have to shop when you are tired. enjoy all the rides. Food is great price. We had a little here and a little there. great fun to eat mickey mouse pasta and croutons. Halloween was everywhere. My 11 year old had a ball. Scarry rides as well as sedate ones. A ride for everyone. Hong Kong a cheaper alternative if california is out of reach. I have been to both. Hong kong is similar but smaller and cheaper
A memorable place to visit for all ages. Quite tiring as the place was very crowded during our visit as it was Halloween day. Food choices are good and most park staff speak English and are very friendly and helpful to visitors. I wish they had more rest rooms and stations were you can buy drinks or at least a vending machine. They also need more directional signage of the way going out as using the map they provide can be a little confusing due to the big size of the whole park. The shows and lighting during the night was really spectacular and one of a kind.
And i loved everything about it! I knew it was going to be small but I had nothing to compare it to so I was happy!! It was incredibly clean with plenty of toilet facilities all around the park! All the staff were friendly and helpful. Everything was priced reasonably and there was not too much of a wait for rides. My personal favorite was  it's a small world  the colours and detail was spectacular! Absolutely nothing not to like about Hong Kong Disneyland!!
Please please please take the MTR, there is a special Disney train with windows in the shape of a Mickey Mouse which is super cute. Since I have not been to the one in the US or Paris this was a great experience for me. Go for the big rides first and you can always greet the characters later in the day. The lines for the rides tend to get longer by the afternoon so try to cross them off your list early in the day. The fireworks are a must see.
Hong kong Disney land is not as big as the  two in japan it seems to be abit cramped in comparison but this place is still beautiful and an amazing place to spend the day
Much smaller ( and more managable on sore feet) than the sprawling western ones. But all the fun.We stayed for two days in the nearby Disney Hotel . .The Only problem , other than queues , is the heat. Make sure to get an umbrella .
I have visited both Disney parks in the US and have now visited the Hong Kong park twice. While it might not have the size of the US parks, it is still a great time. One major plus in Hong Kong compared to Orlando and Anaheim is the lack of lines. I'm sure there are times of the year when it will get packed, but we visited in March and never had to wait in line for anything.We were highly impressed with the shows, especially The Festival of the Lion King and Golden Mickeys. The split of Cantonese and English was entertaining and it was great seeing all of the kids' faces light up as they watched their favorite characters enter the stage.They have expanded the park in the last several years, so even people who had been before found something new to entertain them.If you are visiting Hong Kong, Disney is easily accessed by public transportation on the MTR. Take the train to the Sunny Bay stop and then transfer to the dedicated train to the theme park.The park has the usual Disney prices on food (!!!!) but I found the souvenirs to be quite reasonable considering that it was inside a Disney park. They were still by no means inexpensive, but just less than I was counting on.
We read the reviews   it's small    busy  etc etc, we went on a weekend and it was fine, now it's our first time to disney and our kids are 8&5 so it suited us fine, we didn't even get round the entire park. Tips would be   get in at opening time, take water, and an umberella for a sunshade as it gets HOT in the sun, especially for the parade. Overall disney takes theme parks to another level and if your kids are under 10 they will love every minute. We also took the opportunity to have dinner with Mickey at the disney Hollywood hotel next door, it's not cheap but a great way to end the day.
Hong Kong Disneyland is ideal for Kids aged between 6 to 12 years. The rides are designed for that age group, the expanse is meant in a way it can be covered easily in 2 days. Staying at one of the Disney Hotels has its advantages, you get to the park much quicker that way. We though stayed at Wan Chai and took the metro to reach there. It has a special train with Mickey Mouse windows and other memorabilia. Kids get excited right from the Station itself, and the excitement goes on a different level once you reach the main park. Make sure you do your home work before hand, a lot of information is available on the internet. Select your rides and areas wisely. Do not miss some of the shows, Lion King, Golden Mickey are some of the special one's. Check on the usage of  Speed Pass  and a good smart planning can help covering more rides in a short time. Incase more than one family, spread the Speed Pass usage amongst different rides. Kids will surely want to go for Photographs with the characters, choose them wisely, there are some that you can cover really fast, finish them first.Take the Photo pass from Disney, some of the snaps taken by them might surprise you. Incase with kids below 8 years, take a stroller available on rent. It will be worth it. There is a Princess makeup package meant for girl to be dressed up as one of the Disney princess of your choice. Make up, dress, Tiara, wand followed by a photo session. Your princess deserves it, though make sure you do booking in advance. Look for  Bibiti Bobiti  on the internet. They have a parade at 3pm everyday, its magic. The fireworks in the night are worth waiting for. Do not be in a hurry, plan enough time, though personal experience, you cannot have enough of the place. Go and make your dreams come true!!!
Brilliant if you wish to do disney without the queues. The longest queue time we had was 10 minutes one Sunday even with there being a Halloween event on.
Well the Hong Kong disneyland may be a lot smaller than its US big brothers, it has its advantage. You can easily do this park in one day and not feeling too exhausted. We went there during the week and not during school holidays, hardly any queue and so we just did the rides shows we really liked again and again. Our favourites (two adults and a 7 year old boy) are: evening firework show, Mickey's Philhar Magic, Mystic Manor, Grizzly mountain mine cars & buzz light year. What I also like about HK disneyland is you can get some proper food here. We had lunch (Dim Sim) and dinner at the Maxim restaurant onsite and it was quite nice, for theme parks anyway!
This was our fifth visit to a Disney park and it never gets boring. My kids (10 & 8) had a wonderful time. We visited in early October and the park was extremely crowded because of the holiday season for the Chinese new year. Wait times for nearly every ride was about one hour but that did not stop us. Fastpass was available for a few rides and we took advantage of it. The park is quite small when compared to the properties in Florida & California. Had lunch at the main food court and options were limited. Kids were disappointed that the parade was cancelled because of threat of thunderstorms. Overall, it was a great day at Disney and we will keep coming back. There was an hour wait at the taxi stand to get back to the city.
We came before the park open. The main lane where the shops already open, so we spend around an hour to look and shop. Then the park open. Each ride and shows needs around 20 minutes to queue. But we manage to cover all and mostly what we want. Food and toilet is not a problem.
We recently visited in October half term and had great day of fun and childhood memories. We queued no more than 20 30 mins for most of the rides, some were only 5 mins, and the park wasn't particularly busy during the day however it did get busier towards the end of the afternoon for the spectacular parade and brilliant firework display. We comfortably got round the park in a day which was enough for us. No roller coasters as such but Space Mountain, Runaway Railroad and River Cruise were good enough to ride twice! The gift shop is well stocked and reasonably priced but the food   apart from the Mickey waffles   is quite expensive and of poor quality. I appreciate they are catering for mass crowds but this doesnt excuse   10 for a small (overcooked) pork chop in sauce with (overcooked) rice. We did have a great time and Disney HK is quite an experience but probably wouldn't return if I were back in HK, once is enough.
This is the first Disney i have ever visited & it was just awesome. The fun starts right from the Disney train which is a specially designed metro. There are not many rides the place is mainly about the attractions & special shows. We did not get any queues probably because we chose a Monday to visit Disney. Golden Micky is a fab show which should not be missed. So was the star parade & fireworks at night. Disney is for children & for adults who still have a small kid within. It gives complete justification to its entry fee of HKD 450.
Too much of a crowd makes it a hassle to wait for your turns at the rides. Though flushed with great rides, the disneyland visit requires a lot of patience and time to cover the rides
Ok, I know, it is Disneyland and it is meant to be sweet. And it was my idea to go   the three of us 62 year olds in our second childhood mode.But by the end of the day it was just saccharine overload and I was glad to get out. Getting there is easy, even though it is far from the centre of Hong Kong   take the train, cheap and simple, fast and efficient. And you can book tickets online and redeem them at a separate section at the gate.At first it is all lovely   and it *is* very clean and well done. But I am afraid after a while I found it cloying, the rides for the most part uninspiring and, at times, tacky (and our  guide  on the jungle river cruise was loud and unintelligible   Irrawaddy Irma might as well have spoken in Burmese for all we could hear), and the total overload of trinket and souvenir sales outlets, from the vast emporium right at the gate to little stalls and carts everywhere else, just left the impression the place was out to drain you of every dollar you had on you, or in your card.Food outlets were mostly fast food type and poor quality. We ate at the River View, one of the few sit down restaurants, and it was adequate but not great.Is it good for kids? Yes, and if you have kids and are in Hong Kong you simply must take them. Am I glad I went, yes, but rather so I know not to go again unless I am with people that *do* have kids to take along. Maybe I am not just the right temperament.If I was a child I'd rate it excellent, no doubt, but as a 60  adult, it was just ok and I would not race back, sorry.
And the fairy tales were true, that Disneyland is indeed the happiest place on earth. It is good both for kids and young at heart beings. Traveled there with family friends and it was definitely the one of the best day of my life. Although, for a teenager like me, I prefer Hong Kong's Ocean Park more with all the extreme rides. Though these two theme parks are different, if you want to be a kid again the Disneyland it is. Have a magical and meaningful stay. Always come early to spend a wonderful day. Also wait for the fireworks during the night as it is one of the highlights of the visit aside from the Disney parade.
Can see it all in 1 day...  Shopping different from USA ..  But I found I can't get things in other places .. Each one has different things
One of the Disneyland staff in the Main St. Store reprimanded my son when he was playing with the velvet ropes while my wife was lining up to pay for all the Disney merchandise that we got from the same shop. My son was 5. The staff probably realized his mistake and gave my kid a free sticker. But still.
It's the first Disneyland I've ever visited and I had lots of fun. It's not too big , so you can enjoy it in a day.
You can actually feel all the performers performed the parade, the music show and the dance with love. I'm not a daredevil so I didn't go to Disneyland to ride the scary rides, I chose to go into their musical show. They were all superb!!! Make sure you watch Lion King!!!
I highly recommend Hong Kong Disneyland to anyone visiting this part of the world. It's such a fun, entertaining and magical place   no matter your age.     Getting there is hassle free, thanks to Hong Kong's very efficient transport system. A dedicated train line actually takes people directly to Disneyland's doorsteps. And the train is Disneyland themed too (Mickey handrails and sculptures of various Disney characters are on display all over the train)!    Compared to its counterparts in other parts of the world, Hong Kong Disneyland is small and you only need a whole day to maximize your visit (granted you   re there early   you need time to queue for rides and attractions or sit down for a snack).    PhilHarmagic is a must! It   s such a blissfully entertaining 4D show that makes you want to be a kid all over again.    Restaurants are very pricey but the food   s not all that great. It   s a small price to pay though if you grew up loving almost everything Disney.    If you don   t want to sit down for a proper meal, there are snack stalls everywhere as well as cafes.    Fun souvenirs galore (though they   re pricey)! What can you expect anyway?    A lot of fun rides even for people like me who are not into thrill rides. Try the Runaway Mine Cars (the closest you   ll get to a thrilling roller coaster ride here) and Space Mountain (the curves are sharp and the turns fast). All the other rides are child   s play.    The fireworks at Sleeping Beauty   s castle is very nice. Granted, you   ll see more spectacular fireworks shows elsewhere   this one is still, yes, magical. Be at the Main Street USA section at 7pm so you can choose your perfect vantage point and a place to sit.    Plenty of washrooms in every section of the resort. They   re clean and are fitted with ACs so it   s cool and comfy inside.    Queues are very orderly, thanks largely to the attentive and organized staff.Hong Kong Disneyland is for everyone who grew up watching Disney movies or singing to the tune of the many Disney classics! Just be sure to wear comfy shoes because there   d be a lot of walking and standing in line!
If you have extra money to burn and extra time to kill and have never been to another amusement park   then you might enjoy this one. If you have ever been to almost any other park   and if you are from the USA and have even been to a large county fair   you will be disappointed. The few rides there are are very short (slinky dog ride in Toy Story land only made 6 loops around the tiny track, swinging race car ride only swung 3 times). Space Mountain is not similar at all to the one in Orlando, and the two other rides geared more towards older kids (Grizzley Gulch roller coaster and Mystic Manor) were both closed due to technical issues the day we were there. This park does not have that many rides that are of interest to kids over the age of 8 9. Mickey's Philharmonic show was good. We went during the Halloween special time of year and did go through one of the walk through haunted houses and it was ok, but the line was so long for the second walk through haunted house we did not go to it (over an hour wait). The scary storytelling session was  sold out  so fast we did not get to go to it either.The food at this park is way below expectations for a Disney Park. At the suggestion of the staff members (who we ask where are the best places to eat), we went to Royal Banquet Hall and also at the Explorers Club. We are very open to new foods   seek them out in fact   but Disney did not come through with these offerings   blah, and uninspired.Staff members were nice and honest. They told us a one day pass was enough, not to buy two. They told us to just buy 2 of the special 3 for 1 price dining coupons and share with our kids   and they were right that was the best thing to do (guess they knew we would be less than impressed with the food). Restroom on the Tarzan Treehouse Island was in terrible condition (dirty). Other restrooms we went to were acceptable.Over all, unless you are a huge Disney fan and want to check this off as a Disney Status been there   done that park type thing, pass this up and go to another amusement park.We went on a Friday in October and the weather was great, the lines for rides (the ones that were open!!) were good in the morning, but by 2 by they were silly long.
This is a much smaller than normal Disney Park but worth a visit if you are a Disney fan like us. We visited the Big Buddha at Lin Po Monastery first and that filled our day.
Went to Disneyland HK with my 6 year old after Chinese golden week during weekday. Not a lot of queue at all so only had to wait 45mn for one attraction. The rest was 5 10mn wait Max. Very small Disneyland but my daughter was very happy as not too much walking around and she was able to do most of the attractions in a day's timeOverall a suitable Disneyland park for 5 6 year old kids. I did not take my youngest (2 yr old) and I think I was right since not so many rides suitable for her.I guess if you have 4 6 year old kids, the park is good enough. Below that age, Ocean World might be a better bet.
*) We bought our tickets for Disneyland from the China Travel Service Hong Kong Ltd (CTS) at Hong Kong International Airport which offers deep discounts. Hongkong Disneyland   1 Day Ticket   415 HKD per head. Another advantage of getting your tickets in advance is that you avoid the lines at the ticket counters at the entrance (they have barcodes so you can head straight for the turnstiles). Ticket was valid for around 6 months and you do not need to freeze on the exact date of your visit.*) Please collect the Park Map at City Hall on the day of your visit. On the day of your visit, please collect the Times Guide at Guest Relations for more information about that day's shows, including any revisions to the schedule.*) Park Opening Hours   10:00AM   9:00PM*) Mickey's PhilharMagic is a 3D animation movie at Fantasyland, its a good one. But the best ride of the park is  it's a small world , if you had option to do only one ride, make sure this is the one. There is a slow paced boat that takes you through a various section where there are dolls from various parts of the world that sing and dance to the tune of  it's asmall world  and its beautiful.*) Festival of the Lion King is a 30 minute show which is also good. *) Indian vegetarian options are available at Tahitian Terrace restaurant in Adventureland.*) Stay after dark to catch the Disney Paint the Night parade as well as the Disney in the Stars Firework Show. Both are awesome and must dos.*) Toilets and Drinking Water fountains are available, but do carry your bottle for refill.*) The park is not very big and the rides are quite close to each other, so you do not need to walk much. Doable in a day.*) MTR goes directly till Disneyland. The train to Disneyland MTR has windows shaped of Mickey Mouse and the interior has Mickey Mouse shaped hand rails. There are also disney decorations and mini statues of Disney character and the seats are cushioned. For a detailed trip list feel free to visit http:  hongkongandmacauitinerary.blogspot.in 2014 10 hong kong macau itinerary.html
This was our first time visiting Hong Kong Disneyland. We have been to Disneyland Anaheim & Disney world in Orlando so we did notice a significant difference in size. None the less, Disney does not disappoint. There at some great rides here which are not at the other parks, Grizzly Gulch & Mystic Manner to nam a few. It would be good if they had some water rides as they are always good fun & were missed here. The Disney classic rides are all there to be enjoyed as well as some fantastic shows, the Festival of the Lion King was awesome. The street parade did not disappoint, it was full of colour, Disney characters & music. The night time fireworks are amazing too. Anyone who loves Disney will enjoy Hong Kong Disneyland
We had two day park tickets. Nearly didn't make it back for the 2nd day because we frightened our young one with the mad hatter tea cup ride. Thankfully, our booking at the bibbidi bobbidi boutique (through the hotel) dried the tears and the lure of shopping in the park enticed her back. She also enjoyed the tomato omelette rice at Walt cafe and fried rice at Maxims. Be prepared to pay hefty prices for simple dishes though. The toilets were generally very clean. There were ample stalls and we found little need to queue, though this was experienced by other reviewers. It was a good choice to avoid the China holidays to visit the park, and to choose a weekday. The queue for autopia was the longest that we faced at 45min. There were many grown up men (with no kids) queuing up for the Dumbo ride, which was amusing and annoying for those with young kids. The queue cutting experience was very prevalent at the Dumbo ride. We experienced a group of extremely annoying mainlanders young adults who would cut the queue by inching all the way to the front on the pretext of joining their friends. However, overall, the experience on the queue cutting was much better than expected. Shopping was good, especially at the sweet shoppe. We missed not having a big  candy only  store which we experienced at other parks. The items that appealed to us were the kitchenware (e.g. ice trays, cookie cutters, bowls) and ipad iphone covers. Lots of frozen merchandise were available, though there was a sign that limited frozen purchases to only 5 sets per customer.We were able to rent the same stroller from our Disney hotel at HKD100, which saved us from the  carrying  from the bus terminus to the park entrance. The stroller was ergonomic for the pusher but it really wasn't comfortable for the kid, especially those taller than 110cm.Between Ocean Park and Disney, we would recommend more days at Ocean Park because it is bigger and the crowd is way worse. One day is sufficient to cover Disney if you have bigger kids, or if you are an adult with no fetish for kiddo rides.
Went there in october'14.. i recommend you to go there around 3 or 4 pm.. and be there until around 8 pm.. because they are having a fireworks party at 8pm.. don't miss it.. it is awesome.. they have a map but they always replace it with the new one every 2 weeks, so it is a bit useless to find some brochure from several counter at the airport or some place in hongkong.. it shouldn't be updated.. the ride is great.. but not thrilling enough.. the most thrilling ride is the RC Car.. the park is awesome even though they said it is the smallest disneyland in the world..stroller is available at this site so don't worry.. a lot of restaurant.. but a bit pricy..
My husband and I enjoyed Disneyland Hong Kong. Good place to spend time with family, appeals to everyone young and old.We got a discount price when we arrived at Terminal 2 airport, go to service Counter A4 after you exit from immigration, Tigerair gets 10% off when you show your boarding pass. Check with your airline, some have discounts for Disneyland tickets.Time spent   We arrived at 11am and left at 9.30pm  be prepared to stay for long hours to fully enjoy the parkOur Fav  Fireworks display at night at Sleeping beauty castle, get a good spot to sit and wait before the show begins, you will not be disappointed  Tomorrow Land, Space Mountain roller coaster, it is a high speed ride. The wait in the queue was faster just before dinner time when everyone was going to grab a meal.  Royal Banquet hall at Fantasy Land, steak combo meal was delicious and affordable for theme prices at only HKD118 for main dish and a drink. Add HKD 18 for corn cobImprovements  As it was hot and sunny on the day we went, we noticed that there was not much areas for shade, especially for families with young kids. I would bring a big umbrella the next time we visit  I could not find locker storage for bags when you take a ride. Maybe there is this facility but it was not visible to us.We will be back again to see the new attraction : Iron Man which will be ready before 2017.
I want to start off by saying that I went to Disneyland Hong Kong with fairly low expectations! The main reason was that we have been to Disneyland LA in the past and, with teenage kids in tow, the scary   big   fast rides are our favourites. I had read that Disneyland Hong Kong was more geared towards small children (which is still true) so I thought that it would be an expensive 'walk around' a park.I was pleasantly surprised on how much I enjoyed the day. No   there weren't many big scary rides (although Grizzly Bear Mountain and Space Mountain satisfied the adrenaline junkie in me), but the atmosphere was wonderful and the park was laid out very well. Although many eating outlets were in fact closed   there were enough options for somewhere to stop for a quick snack and a drink.As we went on a weekday it wasn't overly busy and there were only short waiting times for rides and attractions. The shops seemed a little more crowded but that could just have been the 'timing'. We actually thought that it would have seemed busier at the park taking into consideration all of the people exiting the Disney Shuttle Train at the same time as us (the train in itself was a cute experience   with Mickey Mouse shaped windows and hand rails).All in all it was an enjoyable day and I'm glad that I made the effort to go!!!!
We took our 3 children as a surprise holiday and all 5 of us loved it. None of us had ever been before to any Disneyland World and we were not disappointed. From the way you collect your tickets electronically outside the gate to the quality of the rides to the amazing service to the night parade and fireworks, it was all top notch and I would recommend it 100%.Our children are 8, 5 & 5 and there was plenty for them all to enjoy. Older children may get bored though.Midweek, the cues were short and we saw the whole park in 2 days easily, and went on lots of rides several times. Space Mountain was a great roller coaster for the whole family and an amazing experience. Toy Story world was a highlight, as was the way the Disney princesses and characters pose for pictures with you and don't move you on quickly it felt calm and personal.Food souvenirs inside the park are not cheap but certainly not the rip off we were expecting.It was spotlessly clean and the staff were superb.We would love to go again.
We are a family of 5 and we went to disneyland this year and it was alright, it was mostly for children. The best thing was the mountain rollercoaster and the 9pm fireworks. The weather was hot and there was too much people. The prices of the food were like 98 hongkong dollars, which was quite expensive, it was nasty and dry. I would not reccomend eating the food.
We went to Hong Kong for just a short trip, 3D2N. It may not be enough to visit all the tourist attractions but I must say, we had a great time. We went to differect attractions but I guess, we saved the best for last. We had a day in Disneyland before we proceed to Shenzhen for a short stay. My husband and I are both in early thirties but once we reached the arch entrance of Disneyland, we were like kids. We were smiling and feel so light the whole time. Perhaps, our childhood fantasy to visit Disneyland came true.Tip: plan your visit in Disneyland, decide which rides to go or not. Wear comfortable clothes and shoes. Bring a lot of patience since you need to queu for most of the attractions especially during weekend. And never miss to see the parade, have a souvenir photos with Mickey Mouse and the whole gang and lastly stay for the fireworks.I'm pretty sure I will bring my kids in God's time... Kids and young at heart will surely enjoy this trip!
Went to the HK disneyland on Monday 20th Oct, and found out that the park was practically empty. The longest queues were at Autopia and the Winnie the pooh ride, which were like 20 30 minutes max. The other rides were at like 5 10 throughout the whole day. My kids were thrilled, as after arriving late at 1pm, we managed to finish all the rides and a meal by 6pm, and watched the new evening parade   fireworks before leaving. Great visit, well done disney HK.
We are a family of four with a 3yr old and 5yr old. Disneyland can be easily reached using the MTR. This is also part of the magic as the train has Mickey Mouse windows and beautiful disney character statues inside. It's best to pre order your tickets before hand so that they can be collected from a separate machine to beat the queues for tickets purchased on the day. We travelled in mid October and arrived early so it was actually very quiet anyway. We went straight to the buzz light year astro blaster ride and went on 2 times. We were prepared for queue jumpers and rude behaviour from the mainlanders however we did not experience any of this which was a pleasant surprise. It helped that we picked a quiet time of year. The longest queue we were in was for 45mins for autopia. Other than than, we didn't have to wait more than 15mins. My husband and I took turns to go on Space Mountain. We each waited for only 5mins! My tip is get there early and go straight to your priority rides. We watched the Golden Mickey show which was in Cantonese with English subtitles. But the songs were in English and a very enjoyable performance. Gates close 30mins before the show starts but well worth it in our opinion. The children loved it.Personally we could not get around the whole park with the age children that we had   even though it was very quiet. Perhaps a 2 day pass would be a good idea if you have the time. We met a family with older children who were on day 2 of their visit. By the time we left, it had become darker. The park looks very beautiful when it is lit up and we imagine that the night parade is well worth it.The food there is terrible but I think this is the same in all theme parks. It is very expensive and just awful. Luckily we took lots of snacks with us.The toilets and whole theme park were immaculately clean. We rated the theme park 4 5 because there were not enough staff around to help once inside. If we needed help with finding a ride or theatre there never seemed to be anyone around. Also the staff uniform does not make them easy to identify from the rest of the crowd. We would return to the theme park, but we would go during a quiet month and get there early.
If you wanna avoid the crowd, go there during weekday.  Highlights:   1. Fireworks in the evening at sleeping beauty castle  2. Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars  3. Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters  4. Souvenir at the Main Street
We went to HK Disneyland on the weekend when we would expect really high crowds, but the crowd level was manageable. We arrived there at 1 PM after having lunch in Tsim Sha Sui.At 3 PM, a typhoon warning was issued, it's potentially a storm coming right towards Hong Kong Disneyland, most of outdoor attractions are suddenly closed. We managed to stay there because the weather situation was bright and good enough. 1 hour after, they reopened all rides again and visitors could continue having fun! Woohoo!Some good things we experienced:1. 3 times riding Big Grizzly Mountain due to very short queue line (only 5 mins standing in line to enjoy every ride)2. Incredible fireworks to end our dayLastly, this would be an objective review. If you are a true Disney fan and have been to other Disney parks, please be open minded and realize that you are going to HK Disneyland to have fun and experience the magic of Disney in new place country. This theme park might not be as good big interesting as others, so you gotta visit other Disneyland to experience ultimate treasures and rides!HK Trip period: 18 Sept   22 Sept 2014
Very good! Liked it better than Disney Paris! Big Grizzly Mountain Ride was great as it combined several Disney World Orlando rides into one ride that is 2X longer. Halloween decorations great. Very easy to get to with your Octapus card and 1 transfer at Sunny bay.
No matter how many times you go check out a Disney franchise, it's awesome. Good for the kids and the kids at heart, the place is family friendly. Your little kids and teenagers would enjoy the place, especially now that Disney has bought the rights to Marvel and will therefore add superhero rides soon. The shows are amazing as well. The staff can speak English, which is a very good plus, and the place is really clean. The only thing I dislike about going to places like these are the pricey meals. Aside from that, everything is more than enjoyable. It brings back the good memories of being little kids. A must visit in any country, in my opinion. :) Although if you're used t the bigger Disneys (like USA), this might prove a bit too small for you. Still, it's Disney at its best! :)
Its always fun to be a kid once in awhile and enjoy Disney. I always love Mickey mouse and all the princesses of Disney. Luckily I had a good location during the Parade Show. we stayed til evening for the lights show at the castle. It's one of the highlights.
We went to Disney land as part of a tour. We were excited and just a little bit nervous when our hotel pick up was to be 10am. What is we missed out?? As it happened even though we got to the park at about 11.30 we were to have until 9:15 pm there. That was definitely long enough. Many of the rides were targeted at younger children, but the grizzly grinch was worth a couple of turns. Ironically the queues at the couple of scarier rides were short, and things like the bumper cars had very long queues. We did enjoy our time there, but think younger children would benefit more. Our daughter is 11 and probably at the outer edge of enjoying the thrill of cartoon characters. Also note that you aren't meant to take food, and there is a real culture of  buy this, buy that
Hong Kong DisneyLand was extremely clean and gardens kept wonderfully! Staff were extremely friendly and helpful.My must try rides were Grizzly Gulch, Space Mountian, RC Racer and Mystic Manor.My must see shows were Mickey's PilharnMagic (Fantasy Land) and The Lion King Festival (Adventure Land).The best thing about this DisneyLand was there Disney In The Stars Fireworks and the Disney Paint The Night Parade; both were absolutely AMAZING.The park may be small but it contains lots of beautiful attractions and shows.I recommend this park to everyone.
Nice place for family ! Went with my son (2 years old ) and my mother (61 year old ) . It was a fun place for all age . IF you plan for one day visit i love to tell you that ,one day not enough for all the show and ride they had. Either you take all the ride and skip the show or take the show and skip the ride. I skipped the show except for the parade and firework at night . Most of the ride are ride able for a 2 year old child . Remember to take the time flyers for show if you are catching the show and also ask for the sticker on every ride entrance! Enjoy the day and experience the fun ! I love everything there except the manner that the entrance lady showed. She did not explain that the stroller need to go by the middle entrance and need to scan the entry ticket at the side (either left or right ) before going in the middle and show me some kind of face when I asked her.Went on Monday (non peak season ) so the queue was not that ''long wait'' .p s : Do not feed the bird over the snack stall .
we visited the park while transiting hong kong on our way to sydney. we asked for the 360 HKD transit tickets but surprise, the lady at the counter saw our dragon air boarding pass and told us that we were entailed for a special discount giving us 270 HKD tickets which also entitled us to keep one piece of luggage for free at their valet service. overall the park is good. the rides and shows which are a must see are space mountain, golden mickeys, RC racer, parachute drop, grizly gulch, mystic manor.the rides which are a must avoid are Autopia, stinky dog spin,
Nice ambience from train ride to fireworks in the end. Queue may be long during peak season, so check out the crowd before deciding to go. Overall a wonderful and joyful experience.
Before visiting Disneyland HK, we have been at other Disneyland Parks (California, Tokyo, Paris) and other themed parks (Legoland Malaysia, Universal Studio Singapore, Universal Studio California) with our young family (6 yr old boy & 2 yr old girl).From the negative reviews on TripAdvisor, we were pleasantly surprised that it was actually a great fun place especially for young kids.The shows were well acted and entertaining, and given that it was in HK, some Chinese phrases were well mixed in the overall script in English. Some of the shows were entirely in Chinese with English subtitle though.Most of the Disneyland attractions for young kids were available across multiple zones to keep them busy. Given that this was HK, we were not surprised by the smaller size than other countries but this meant less to walk from one zone to another which was a good thing!We went there during weekdays which meant less time queuing. Most of the rides took less than 10 mins to queue. Getting there early meant we could go to the most popular rides. Due to the hot weather, the park did get busier in late afternoon early evening as it was cooler, meaning longer queuing time.All the staff did a great job operating the park and were very nice to kids and did not mind being pestered for stickers!On a less positive feedback, there were a few technical issues impacting the rides across the days that we visited the park so it was a bit annoying. Food was very average and disappointing.Overall, we think that Disneyland HK is as a fun place as the other Disneyland themed parks that we have been, especially in Asia. As we visit HK regularly, we got the Magic pass which would be cheaper after 3 visits.We would recommend any family with young kids to visit the park once and ignore the negative comments. You can upgrade your one day pass to a Magic pass if you want to before you leave the park.Our kids loved it!
Went here as a birthday gift from my Mom (but really was for her grandson)! It was our first out of the country theme park experience. All that I can say is Disneyland truly is the happiest place on earth! The whole day was not enough to experience all the rides here so we had to be specific and get on the rides that my 2 y o can enjoy :). The shows on the park is a must see (The Golden Mickey, 4D theatre and be sure not to miss the Disneyland parade!).Everything here is a WOW moment even from their own Disneyland train that will take your there connected to HK's public subway! The place sure is crowded but not too crowded that you can't enjoy the park at all! If you are smart like we are, go there early and get on as much rides that you can before noon, and visit the shows as an icing for the cake for the day (the lines are really long on the afternoon for the rides).
very colourful place.more than what we expect..........but very crowed when we visit.mystic manor was very enjoyable dont miss it......it is a different experience...........also dont miss lion king show in adventureland............philors magic is outstanding. kids enjoyed.artro plasters very much.indian food in tahitian terrace was ok.(a restaurant inside adventure land)
This was an oportunity for us (a mid 20s couple) to be big kids for the day and do something different after 4 months of travelling. The park is very modern, compact and set in a great location on Lantau Island. The journey here is also fun if you come on the MTR as there is a Disneyland themed train (station) which will take you on the last leg. From stepping foot in the park you will meet and be entertained friendly staff and the usual excitable Disney characters. As for the rides   a lot are naturally aimed at kids but there were some that even adults will find great. To ensure you don't queue for too long, my advice would be go to the popular rides in the evening as many of the Mainland China visitors will have gone home. Finally, make sure that you get a seat at the great shows that go on throughout the day   they are extremely well put together and were a real highlight for us. In all we spent around 11 hours at the park!! So yes there is plenty to do...
If you are a child or a child at heart, then a visit at disneyland is a must.Always a happy place.Try not to come during summer break or semestral break or peak season or else you would spend most of your time waiting in line.The park is very accesible via the MTR.ask your hotel, hostel or inn if they have discounted tickets for disneyland. Its much cheaper. Also exchange your money prior to going to disneyland because the money exchange rate is higher, lesser value for your US dollar.
This park is tiny compared of course to Disney World. It is actually small compared to Disneyland in California. Whenever my friends come to see it they always talk about how small the castle seems. But, even though it is small it packs in some good attractions and good shows. Mystic Manor ride is pretty cool. Space mountain always is a thrill. Grizzly gulch has a fun roller coaster. And adventureland has some fun attractions. I haven't seen the new night parade yet, but I hear that it is one of the best things in the park now. You might want to check it out.
A grand attraction for kids but visit in winter else plan for 2 days trip which is offered at concessional rates and you can cover all rides and theme shows.Do not miss Golden Micky show and Manor.
All the wonderful Disney characters brought to life in a well run park. I have a 3 year old and went many times on the Dumbo Flying Elephant and Orbitron flying saucer. The actual ride times of those 2 rides were shorter than the time it took for people to board the rides! A bit longer ride time would be nice.I found the fried chicken and cheese burger at Starliner Diner better than the dishes I had at the Royal Banquet Hall.The dates I went were perfect, mid October just after the Chinese holiday period. We. Got on most of the rides almost immediately and didn't have to fight the crowds during the parades and fire works show.
I have been lucky enough to visit Paris and Orlando and now Hong Kong. They simply make the best theme parks. Hong kong has some attractions that are unique to the park. There is no thunder mountain but a Grizzy mountain and what an awesome surprise. Great ride! You notice the park is a bit newer with new technologies, like mystic point. It is an amazing ride and you'd want to go a second time just to understand how it works. Small world is a must in every disney park. It is a little bit hidden here at Hong Kong, but a nice feature is that this small world version has Disney items in there, so for Hawai you can find Lilo and Stich, Mulan in China and so on. Disney quality and well worth to visit for a day.For the international visitors, everything is first in English and then in Chinese, so you don't have to miss out on anything. Sleeping Beauty's castle is tiny compaired to the French and American one, but what a fireworks show in the evening!One tip: the park is easy to reach via Metro and the Metro is cheap. Of course they have their own Disney train.
What's not to love? We went on a Tuesday and it was very quiet and easy to get around. We only really waited for one ride (Dumbo). Our 6 year old was tall enough for all rides (and our 3 year old only missed a couple   the rollercoasters). Space Mountain was phenomenal. Plenty of decent food options which were reasonably priced. Lovely staff eager to help and hand out stickers to the kids. Taxi from Kowloon cost about 150 HKD and dropped us at the front gate. At the end of the day we got straight in to a taxi at the rank. Great day out.
We visited middle of week, caught the train in and were there first thing. Must admit we thought the kids would be cooked by 3 4pm but they had such a fabulous day we stayed till 8pm!! Kids loved the rides such as the parachute drop, buzz light year ride and the adventure land cruise. Prices were very reasonable for Disney and very little wait times for rides on the day we went. All in all highly recommended for families. Our kids 6 and 9 loved it!!!!
The company where I'm working went there for a summer vacation. Our whole day stay was fantastic. I felt like a kid lost in fantasy island. I really can't explain the happiness that I felt when I was there. Most of the workers there are Filipinos and many of them are my friends. Even if some of them don't know me they smiled and greeted me when they learned that I'm a Filipino too (though I look more of Chinese because I have Chinese blood). The rides, attractions are sooooooooo awesome. When I saw different characters I immediately run towards them and hug them and of course take a picture with them. I love it when The Jamitors play. The Lion King show is simply amazing. RC's car ride in Toy Story was totally awesome. I rode it for like four times that day hahahaha. I rode the space mountain three times. The place was absolutely clean. Don't forget the parade. I went back in time when I saw my favourite characters there. I want to bring home Stitch hahahaha. And the most awaited part is the stunning fireworks display at night. I will definitely go back there probably for Halloween or Christmas.
If you have small children in your travelling party (which we did, three kids aged 8, 6 and 2.5), you cannot go wrong visiting Disneyland. This was our second visit in 5 years and we loved it! Here are the best tips I can share:1. Get there early. No joke. Know in advance what MTRs you're suppose to catch, what times they come and go, so that you get to Disneyland at least 30mins before opening time. And if you can, buy your tickets in advance before you get there :)2. There are certain rides that are more popular than others. I recommend Space Mountain first, so much fun and if you're lucky, the queue is still short, so you an go twice in a row without waiting too long (about 10mins). The new Toy Story section is also very popular, do lots of stuff there too. We made the mistake of going there midday and waited over an hour for one ride. We should've gone there straight after Space Mountain.3 There are only certain number of rides that allow you to get a 'express ticket' which allows you to 'book' a time slot later on in the day to use that ride by going through the Express Line. Space Mountain is one, and so is the Pooh Bear ride. But keep the time in mind because you cant 'reuse' it if you suddenly miss the time you booked. 4. The Mickey Mouse Golden Show is A MUST SEE, but for the love of God, get there early!! At least 20 30mins early and wait in queue, its worth it so you are towards the front of the line when the doors open.5. The Haunted Manor is fun but a little spooky for youngings, so as long as you hold them close and make it 'funny' by pointing out the funny bits, its not so scary for them.6. There is a restaurant in Disneyland that is halal certified! Its near the Haunted Manor, and for Muslims like us it was so great to be able to order proper nice meals without worrying it if it was halal or not (unlike Ocean Park which was very limited in food options for Muslims kosher eaters). 7. The Pooh Bear ride looks childish   but its seriously a lot of fun. We went on it twice! The Jungle water ride is also extremely fun, make sure u don't miss that :))It goes without saying, plan your day well. We spent at least 10hrs there and got to do so much, and go on so many rides, including some even twice! We even saw the firework show at the end which was amazing :) Other tips for travelling with children:1. Get everyone to wear bright colours, especially the kids so you can see them in crowds. 2. Wear good walking shoes and hats.3. Drink plenty of water and take plenty of potty breaks, especially before lining up in a queue.4. Pack lightly, a backpack is good. You can bring a stroller as there are 'stroller parking' areas available :)Overall it was an amazing day and I highly recommend a visit, even with small kids. It rained at the start but then was all sunny and hot after. There are lots of characters to take photos with, so watch out for them :) Have fun!!
Amazing .....  spend all day there and we are have a great memories and i wish all enjoy there  avoid bad weather and best time early morning to enjoy
It is  nice to spend a whole day with a child that under 15. Highline definitely is  The Lion King  show. The new parade  Disney Paint the Night  also added lots of mark on this visit.
A fabulous place to visit.... the magical world of Disney! Highlights for us (kids aged 8, 10, 13) were Space Mountain (though the 8 year old was absolutely terrified   so ensure the kids aren't too little or too fearful!), the 3D film Mickey's PhilHarMagic, Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters, and Mystic Manor.
My partner and I are both in our 30's and had a good time visiting Disneyland Hong Kong. The park was easy to travel to using the MTR and there are many fun attractions for adults as well as younger people. My advice would be to go early, the lines for the rides are not bad in the morning, after lunch most had at least a 1 hour wait. We liked that it was a small park and the rides were run as efficiently as possible, but the number of people in the afternoon seemed overwhelming for the park to manage. Still, had a good time, just go early.
Most of the travelers visit Hong Kong they certainly visit Disney Land the most happening place in HK both for Kids and Adults. Lots of Joy ride, fantasy ride, jungle boat ride, character play and parade and lot of fire crackers at the end of the day is the most thrilling part and most enjoyable moment cherished for rest of the life. I recommend every one to visit Disney Land Hongkong once in life.
Our kids really enjoyed Disneyland and we were very lucky with the wait in the lines. The longest we had to wait was only 20 minutes. The park was really geared up to kids 7 and under. As mine are 7 & 9 they liked the two big rollercoasters so they lined up again and again to ride them.Unfortunately the price of food is very expensive so we had to make a trip to McDonalds on the way back to the hotel.The light parade was very good and well worth staying back for.
First some advice; 1) go early 2) don't allow people to push past you, because once one person gets away with it they'll all try it. A fun day out. Plenty of rides to keep a wide age range entertained. The Small World is a must and the 3D Mansion thingy (I forget the actual name) is insane.
This is my first visit to HK Disneyland. I've been to Disneyland in Anaheim and Disneyworld in Florida, and HK Disneyland is very small by comparison. It was very easy to get to on the Disneyland Express train. The attractions were well maintained and the queues well managed. Sleeping Beauty's castle was disappointing small and there were not many indoor thrill rides. Many outdoor rides more suited for children. Universal Studios in Singapore had better indoor thrill rides, and more entertaining. The food and merchandise were 'reasonably priced', for a theme park that is. Overall, I felt it was more suited for families with children than for adults, but all the same, it is a must visit attraction when you are in HK.
We went on a Thursday in Mid September and pretty much had the park to ourselves. All rides we just walked up to and got straight on and if we wanted to go again just re entered. Some staff even looked bored waiting for people to go on there rides. To us it was fantastic. No waiting in awful ques. This was our second time, children enjoyed it just as much as teenagers as they did 7 years ago. Lion King show, Parade and fire works are must see's. We stayed until close and conveniently jumped on the Disney bus to take us back to Hollywood Hotel. Recommend staying onsite. Fabulous day out.
I love Disneyland, wasn't busy as it was a week day, so we got on many rides, multiple times and hardly any queues. The crew are friendly and make you feel welcome. Good fast past option on a few of the major attractions, space mountain was a favourite and probably the biggest ride there. It's a pretty tame theme park this one. Easy place to spend a fortune!
My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our time at Disneyland. We visited in November 2013, pretty cold weather for that time of the year as there was a north wind during the week we were there. Nevertheless, it was a wonderful experience reliving some of our childhood memories, as we took the carousel, the Mickey Mouse performance, among other exhibits. Food was more expensive there though, so suggest to bring along some food or snacks to the location.The period in November did not seem to be particularly crowded but the wait per station was about 10 15 minutes. In any case, where's the fun if there isn't any crowd at a place such as Disneyland?Highly recommend Disneyland as part of the itinerary if you are going to Hong Kong.
Went in Oct 2014, on a Monday and still it was crowded. I must say Disneyland is a fabulous experience in itself. Right from the entry you feel you are in the different world. It has so many attractions that finishing all the attractions in 1 day is impossible, so one has to choose which rides he has to experience. Best was is to go by MTR, change station at Sunny Bay for the superb specially designed Disney Train to Disneyland. One can get discount at Disneyland by buying Tourist MTR Pass, so i would recommend buying tickets on the spot and not online. I had booked online.For me the best attraction was Disney Paint the night Parade at 7 pm never seen anything close to this. Other attractions were also nice like parachute, Adventure island boats, Fantasyland, tomorrowland. One has to queue up long for pictures with Disney characters. At the end at 8 pm there was big Fire cracker show.
Went with adult friends more for the kids, but we tried a lot of rides and went to most performances. Enjoyed the day and covered most of the attractions.Missed the fireworks, but did catch the disney train back to the city.Great park that can be done in an all day outing.
I've been to Disneyland for only a few times when I was just a kid, but I could clearly remember what makes memories into dreams. when people say that Disneyland was the place where dreams come true, they were not kidding when dreams happen. most of the attractions were very thrilling to ride especially the space mountain where you feel the thrills of air going to your face. The buzz lightyear astro blaster was maybe the best ride all around in disneyland, its was funand amazing to be palying with your friends and family as you blast your way and seeing who was the better shooter. but all the while being in Hong Kong disneyland is almost the same as to the one in the united states.But disneyland is really a fun place to be with where memories are made to lst forever.
We travelled as a family of 6, 2 adults, 17yo,15,12 and 8yo. We all loved it. Yes its smaller than other Disneyland sites but in the heat this made it bearable to walk from one land to another. We found Grizzly Gulch and Mystic Manor fantastic, we enjoyed all the rides, but loved space. We went towards the end of Golden Week and on weekdays, we found this great. Mainly 5 minute ride wait, you will need fastpasses for Winne the Pooh and Space Mountain.The new paint the night parade is out of this world, get there around 20minutes before hand to grab a spot on the kerb, and watch enchanted. Also I would go to Autotopia very early as this is a slow ride but the wait time was the longest with a 30min wait time.The food is very expensive so we ate at the Main St bakery most times around $45 hk per item ie sandwiches, waffles, or pasties. We would go again, we bought a 2 day pass which was around $80.00 AUD per adult, we missed the Halloween celecbrations as they only have them on the weekends, we had hoped they were on the days we went but still enjoyed the place despite missing them.Tip: There is a Disneyland shop at the international departure lounge in HK, we found a deal that if you bought 4 selected tshirts you got 70% off. That made the tshirts around $5.00 AUD each. Mind you they werent the latest tshirts, but we all found something we liked. Plus go on the JUngle Cruise at night, its a blast!
To me it was my first time in Disneyland! Love the magical parade and the show! Only downside is the cost of the food!
We just finished for days of staying with Disney in Hong Kong. For those used to Disney parks in the US, it will be an ready transition to this park. Be prepared for the stickers! If bringing kids, all of the cast members hand out stickers. Whether entering rides, eating a meal, buying something at a store, they'll have pockets full of stickers. The park is a bit bigger than Disneyland, maybe about the same as the Magic Kingdom. We spent three and a half days at the park, coming in when we wanted and leaving when ready, vice going from open to close. The park does open a little later, and closes a little earlier, which is nice because it sort of mandates some relaxation time. The food was interesting. You won't find all of your typical American fare there. Chicken wing with pork bone soup and even kids sushi are things you'll see. We had a great time, and although unlikely, if we're ever back in the area, we would happily visit again.
It such a very good holiday in disneyland Hong Kong. There are too many games to play until we unable to try every single game. However we feel satisfied with the games. Also the attraction from the disney's actors and actresses
I have visited all Disney parks now and Hong Kong was the last on my list, after hearing from numerous reviews and people that it was the worst Disney and finishing the list of parks on Hong Kong would be a disappointment. However I found this to be the opposite, I was really glad I went the staff was super friendly, the park clean and while there were a few annoying tourist who id read about we were lucky that it was obviously a slow time as not many around. The rides that they do have I felt like were really well themed and the shows were actually really good some of the best i had seen, not to be missed is the Lion King. the merchandise however like the other Asia park in Japan let down the park a lot, was just the same stuff nothing that stood out and not a lot of variety. The food was not too bad and having hardly any crowds made it for a fantastic day most waits were 5 10mins. Meeting the characters was also a easy experience, everything did feel on the small side but I felt it added to the charm, due to not many crowds viewing the night time fireworks was great and could be seen easily. While it was not the biggest and park with the most ride it was certainly worth the visit especially if you are like me and a Disney fan.
we've been here for 2 times for the past 2 years,every march of the year... its very good time to visit this place on that period i guess, because the weather is perfect... not too cold and not too hot.. all the way cooling nice weather...the ride we had to que some about 30mins.. but we managed to take all the rides within a day.. i think the disneyland hong kong is very 'child friendly'.. because the distance from each of the ride is not very very far like in the US or Japan...its a really great place to go with kids about 4 to 6 years old... there is quite a lot of restaurant or place to eat inside... the one who i really like is the plaza inn restaurant... their egg tart is really good... other like fried rice, i fu mian noodle, not bad too..we definately would love to come back here again next year...
It was my dream since I was a child to see Mickey Mouse and to be in Disneyland. And all happened after 36 years! The place is amazingly beautiful and people were very friendly and helpful. I had so much fun during my visit with my family. I will definitely come back.
Having been to Florida and Paris Disney land previous to this I would say it is pretty poor. The resort is very small, less than half the rides and more aimed towards small children. I was more disappointed that it wasn't decorated more for Halloween, it had the odd decoration and the themed rides. As it is Disney I thought they would go all out. Good if you haven't been to the other Disneys and have small children.
It's my first time to visit Disneyland. I'm with my friends at that time for our tour. We had so much fun!! From the amazing rides, parades and disney characters up to the wonderful fireworks display at night! It was such indeed a magical day that until now, I can still feel that spark whenever I hear   a whole new world.  :)
We visited Disneyland on a Monday and were there when they opened at 10.30 am. We had to queue for some rides between 11am and 3pm but after that the families with smaller kids left (I think) and there was hardly any waiting time. Our kids are 7 and 9 and were missing some rides better suitable for their age, but they still enjoyed it! We all loved Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars and 4D show at Mickeys PhilharMagic! Disneyland was very easy and fast to reach by MTR from Kowloon.
Clean, spacious and fun! It is Disneyland , so if you are adult don   t expect dozens of trilling rides, few are very much suitable for adults   .Parade happening 2 times per day is nice to see and brings you back to childhood (it is all about in Disneyland, isn   t it) and kids love it. The only weird thing which you may notice is large number of Chinese and Japanese adults (not employees, the guests) walking around dressed as Disney characters, after a while nothing can surprise you      choice of food is good, from fast food to decent restaurant   ..but be prepared to wait in long , actually very long queues for any rides, would say that minimum 30 minutes to maximum 60 minutes   ..some rides have pre booking machines, where you insert you entrance ticket and slot is reserved for you at that particular ride, so if you plan it well   .you may save some waiting time, for more details go to their webpage      overall assessment, nice.
My son and I spent the afternoon at Disneyland and thotoughly enjoyed the experience. The staff were always courteous and helpful.The range of merchandise is phenominal but fairly priced. I think we timed the season right as there was no ride that we had to wait for more than 5 minutes to get on.
This was our first visit to a Disneyland park. We had a magical start to the day, being selected as the lucky family to officially open the park. The park is suited to younger children   ours were aged 5 & 7, and it was perfect for them. We saw the entire park in a day and went on all the rides. The park was clean and staff were friendly. Would highly recommend a visit for families with younger children.
The rides at disneyland are rightly for the small ones,and are quite nice.The place is a perfect destination for spending a day with your family and kids,but adults may find it a bit boring,as most of the rides are for the small tots are only one or two are adventurous for the adults. The grizzly gluch is must try. The food and the souvenirs are highly overpriced and are a complete rip off.
I always love disneyland. I've been visited disney world and disneyland at Japan. Hongkong disneyland was okay, quite fun but not as fun as disney world or japan's disneyland. I consider hongkong disneyland smaller. However, since disneyworld and japan disneyland quite far. Hongkonf disneyland is quite fun for short sweet escape besides Hongkong is a nice place to visit
The rides are quite boring since it's mostly designed for kids. the one thing that amazed me the most is the conversation with stitch. quite entertaining.
over all Disney Land was basically very poor if you were looking for an adventure park experience... DL is catering for the very young.. So overall not a good experience it you are above 10 years old ... A very big let down
Hong Kong Disneyland is a great day out for young and old. Get there early as lots of rides you will need to line up for. Its hot so take some water with U as well as a hat or umbrella and sunscreen. As an adult it was just as exciting as when we took our kids to Disneyland in USA nearly 20 years ago.
disneyland was amazing, it was the first time we had gone to disneyland and it had out done our expectations however if your looking for high thrill rides there are only two rides available (space mountain and grizzly gulch), my personal favourite was the mystic manor. The food was average amusement park priced and there are heaps of restaurants to pick from.All staff and rides are english friendly and lines aren't too long, although you might want to stock up on plenty of water (buy your own as its expensive in the theme park) and carry an umbrella as it does get quite hot in hongkong and walking in the heat can drive anyone crazy.tip: Dont wait for mickey and minnie at the front of the park as the line is always long and theres no shelter. There are 2 other locations which are equipped with fans and shelter for pictures further in the theme park THERES FIREWORKS TOO its best to make your way to the front of the castle a bit early if you want a proper seat to watch the fireworks at 7:30pmoverall an amazing experience, will definitely visit again
Some of the reviews for Disneyland talk about queue jumpers and people pushing past to get to the front of the line. We didn't experience this behaviour at all. An early start is advisable. We took the train to Sunny Bay, where you change to the Disney Train, the kids will love this train.We had pre purchased our tickets at China Travel Service, so we didn't have to line up at the entrance. A quick bag check at the front gate and were in. Note: don't take cans or bottles they will be confiscated. The people in front of us had their cans of soft drink taken, read the conditions of entry before you go at: http:  park.hongkongdisneyland.com hkdl en US general termsOfUseDetail?name ParkRulesPage.)We went on just about all the rides, I think we missed only a few of the more kid friendly rides and the longest we waited was 20 minutes for Space Mountain, because we decided to go on it just after the grand parade and so did others. On the Grizzly Gulch we didn't have to wait and got off at the end walked straight back to the start and got on, no waiting. There is a wait for the Lion King show, only because the crowd builds up quickly and if you want a good seat at the front, start lining up at least 30 minutes before the show starts. The show is about 30 minutes long and was really good. The food hall was busy and I have noted a lot of reviewers talking about the mainland Chinese being rude, the rudest people we experienced were tourists from another western country, I won't mention where from, who decided that they wanted to custom order there burgers and hold up the line for 10 minutes and the teenage girl told the staff member she was useless. Really, just take the tomato out if you don't want it. I have read reviews that say it is poor compared to others. This is the only Disneyland I have visited, so I don't have anything to compare it with. It was clean and I saw saw kids having fun, what else do you want.
Enjoy every moment of my time there , from stepping in to the Mickey Mouse train until the drop off, listening to the Disney music from far. A place that you will never to old to visit , where it will remind you of your childhood memory and definitely bring back the child in you. To avoid long queue and full of crowds , visit during the weekday and of course avoid visiting the park during the china holiday if you do not wish to experience loud people and jumping queue : )
Being a smaller Disneyland, this place is quite comfortable to do with kids in a day. The overall experience starting from the disney themed MTR ride, the food and the way the attractions have been laid out is very nice. Carry a few bottles of water, caps and sunglasses with you. The rides and attractions are designed for kids below 8 and they will enjoy the place very much. Ocean Park will be a better bet for older kids and adults looking for aggressive rides.
Park was really nice. Can easily be accessed by train or by bus. Line on the rides are not that long compared with other parks. Everyone would love their visit here, you can pose for a picture with Mickey Mouse. Food was a little bit pricey but you got to expect it as you are on a theme park. Too bad we weren't able to catch the fireworks show.
I've heard mixed things on Disneyland HK so I went with an open mind. The park is smaller compared to Paris, but doesn't lack any of the magic at all! The rides are great (although none are partiularly scary) the parade is fab and the shows are amazing. Everything in Disneyland HK is as consistent and 'Disneyfied' as all of the other parks, just on a smaller scale! We went on the day before a public holiday and the longest we queued for a ride was 15 minutes which was awesome! Refreshments are a bit pricey, but that's to be expected. The evening firework show is a magical way to end a magical Disney day! I'd definitely recommend a visit if you are a kid at heart.
The park is well designed, but the number of attractions are pretty less when compared with other DisneyLands. Children really enjoy the place though. We took a 2 day pass and it was worth it. Plan your trip well though. FantasyLand closes early to prepare for the fireworks...so make sure you visit that first. Also, check out when the characters will be roaming around...your child can get a pic and an autograph from them. If you are vegetarian, remember that in the Far East, the concept of vegetarianism is almost nil. Eat a heavy breakfast before you land up here.
Had a great time with my wife their  Very crowded try to avoid public holidays they have nice restaurant and nice food,  Nice experience make sure to go early and try to buy the ticket from the hotel to avoid waiting their
One of the best Disney Theme Parks, great rides, especially the Space Mountain, RC Racer and the Runaway Mine Cars are the highlights. There are some great restaurants too which serve great food, especially the Hong Kong Disneyland Hotel, great food and lot of Disney characters are around the restaurant so you can take a photo with them too. All in all, Hong Kong Disneyland is a great
I went this summer with my daughter and we were there because we wanted to experience our second childhood again. Just to be on the tube with all the reminder on the Disney character was enough to put us in the mood for more! I will not talk about the price because to me, if you wanted to be in this kind of place, you will have to expect this kind of price.We were like little kids, no holds bar if you really wanted to enjoy yourself. After all, you have paid your entrance fee, why not make the most of it. Are all Disneylands alike, yes and no. There are of course subtle differences like it or not. So enjoy the little differences that you will find. Hong Kong Disneyland is small but it's still enjoyable. if you are visiting in summer like me, make sure you bring an umbrella, it's hot! Make sure you are well hydrated because you get caught up in the excitement and before you know it, you just might end up with sun stroke. A cap is also recommended. Be prepared for the long wait for shows. It can be stiffling in the heat but everybody puts this up with good humour especially parents with young kids.If you want to see the fireworks before the park closes, it is probably better to be there around noon onwards. That way, you and your kids will not be so tired that by the time you get to watch the fireworks, you are just too tired to enjoy it. We decided to actually have our dinner there and I must say the food is actually good and delicious. I stopped looking at prices and that helps.The firework was really good. We got ourselves a good spot to watch the display. It is also easy to get back to Hong Kong Tsim Sha Tsui even with all the people catching the train. Way to go. Will want to visit again when I am back in Hong Kong!
Went there with my 8 year old kid. As soon as we reached this place his first statement was  papa I dont want to go back . Beautiful place with lots of interesting rides. Adults also enjoy like kids. At first the ticket price seemed to be quite high. But when you visit this place it seems that the price is quite cheap for what u experience.I lost my camera in the park. After few minutes i was in panic I started looking around for it. After an hour I reached their lost and found department and was glad to know they already had my camera. One of the staff members had found it and handed over to the office. Thanks very much for returning me back my memories packed in that camera.Do wait till end in the evening as the fire works show is beautiful.The special MTR is also very charming. I still cherish my memories of this place a lot.
Memorable for the kids lots of rides and attractions, food and beverages above normal price. Toilet facilities are wll maintained.
I've been to both Tokyo Disneyland and Hong Kong Disneyland. But there's one thing that I like about Hong Kong Disneyland. Because of its small size, the attractions rides are very close to one another. You don't have to walk very far. And I think it's big spend one day in a Disneyland.
The weather was unbelievably hot and the price of drinks were just like tomorrowland... ... out of this world   horrendous queuing system and you definitely need a two day pass just to go on the rides   all very disappointing after having to hang around an hour to get in   not everything was a let down though the MTR to the park is fun and full of Disney memorabilia   but its cheap to get in and only 30 mins on the MTR from Central.
This is in fact a smaller Disneyland compared to others. And a lot of people will tell you to go try the Ocean park instead of going there if you are not travelling with small kids.But I love Disney, and really wanted to have this experience while in Hong Kong.If you go with the right state of mind, don't expecting thrilling rides (There are only 3 roller coasters there) you can have a magical and fun experience! I absolutely had it while taking pictures with the characters, riding  it's a small world  and flying with Dumbo!
I finally got to Disneyland, even if it was decades after Annette Funicello graced the screen as a mousketeer in the Micky Mouse Club and it didn't disappoint at all. I'm not sure I could have enjoyed it anymore had I come as a child. The park is magical, the characters delightful and each of the  lands  had plenty to capture the imagination. Even my aching feet after a ten hour stint couldn't have taken the smile from my face. Highly recommend,
The disneyland is a must go for tourist because it is disneyland. Other than that, there are really not much to do there. Spend approximately 5 hours there would be sufficient, do not need to stay there longer than that.The unique part of going there is the MTR train which is designed with a Micky Mouse theme.
We really enjoyed our day at Disneyland although this Disneyland is smaller than others and still a few attractions short of a full day   s entertainment. The park has the usual wonderful Disney attention to detail including its own MTR train. We visited on a hot but fortunately quiet day. The queues were short and there was plenty of shade and seating, a good range of food options and even the bathrooms were air conditioned.There appeared to be lots of attractions for the little ones and Disney character fans with less rides for older children and adults but it appears there are more of these on the way     hopefully some where you can get wet and cool down!
We took the one day pass for Hong Kong Disney and it turned out to be a fun experience. You can cover the park in one day so don't I'd suggest going for the one day pass. Use the MTR to travel to and from Disneyland if you're not staying at their hotels.We were there on a weekend so it was rushy. Try a weekday if you don't want to stand in line for too long. Our average waiting time for some rides was between 10 20 minutes.It is obviously not as big or as impressive as Disneworld but the experience is just as magical. Really wish they had a haunted house instead of Mystic Manor. The fireworks were decent and leaving the park at closing time was not a problem either. Lots of people but getting the MTR ticket and getting on it didn't take more than 15 minutes.
its Disneyland! expect to hv a wonderful and fun time during your visit. we went there early in the morning, spent an entire day from morning till night but still could't cover the whole place. its THAT big. i highly suggest for those who hv plans on visiting this place to at least spend 2 days there. its worth the time!
Went here with the kids and yes of course they loved it (we all did, lets be honest). We only spent a few hours here as we were time constrained, so we booked a VIP pass   this gave us the ability to go to the front of every ride that we wanted as we were escorted around the park with our own staff member. This is great as the only problem with theme parks is the huge queues that one must endure waiting for the rides. We ended up being able to go on literally every ride we wanted (thinking was around 12) in two and a half hours. This made the trip what it was, but this is not a cheap option (especially with a group of 7. This Disneyland is much smaller than the one in California and the one really negative thing I will say is that I did not see ANY Disney characters at all in the theme park ! Not one ! This was the biggest shock to me and more so to my kids! This is something that must be addressed by the park as kids want to see Mickey and Co walking around the park
The family visited for a day whilst I was in transit and have to say smiles all round, they had such a great time here, didn't take long to get on the rides, a great time was had by all.  Would go again.
Outdoor rides were not operating on the day we visited.  Check the websites and weather forecast as even though there was a shower of rain, they closed rides early.  Shopping prices were better at the smaller airport store
We spent a day in Disney world on the 31st Dec 2013.It is a nice park with mainly attractions for the young.Looking at the kids who are in love with the  world's happiest place  (Disney's marketing blurb) is the reason adults spend time at the park.Compared to the other disney parks in the US, the hong kong one in smaller in size.However, the layout, the rides etc are all very similar.One of our family members had a fall and needed medical assistance.The quality of service is impeccable and is of very high quality.All the park employees are courteous and very helpful looking at what the guests would need.A definite visit recommended.
We are a family of 4 with children aged 4 and 10. The price of the ticket may seem more at first but is well worth the experience inside. Do not miss any section of the park. We bought the 2 day pass and would recommend the same to others as single day is too much rush and less enjoyment as there is too much to explore. We took the Disney Metro to Disneyland and it was very good with the windows too in shape of mickey mouse. It was raining on both days but even then there were plenty of people. We did most rides wearing raincoat. The shows are not to be missed. As it was raining, we saw the rainy day parade on the first day and also the regular parade on the second day.The interaction with the characters usually has long queues but because of the rain, we were lucky to find no queues and also the characters spent more time with the kids. There is Indian vegetarian food available in Adventure land. The Lion King show was awesome. The fireworks at in the evening was very good and is worth waiting till the park closing time to enjoy the same. The kids enjoyed so much that they wanted to stay there permanently and did not want to go home. They want to come back again next holiday.
We spend whole 2 days at disneyland and the best part is special metro train for disneyland from main line in which windows and handles are of Mickey mouse shapes .Amazing rides, parades,Shows like Mickeys Phillar Magic, Stitch Encounter, Sleeping beauty Castle.and firework show.
On weekday, there is almost no queue at all attraction, even on the attraction that have Fast Pass. But during this period, it's so damn hot!
The rides were great and the park very clean. There was plenty of work going on so the park will only get bigger in the years to come. Gift shops as per normal were very expensive and food was not much better. The highlight would have to be the train ride in the Disney train from the main line to the Disneyland stop with micky mouse windows and plush interior
It's Disneyland, it's happy and it's definitely fun. There's not a lot to say about this aside from that it's solid family oriented entertainment. It is however, very small compared to the US offerings as the entire park can be easily canvased in half a day which makes this an expensive attraction for the entrance fee.If you've never been to Disneyland then you'll love it here but if you've been to the US parks, this is just as expensive and far, far smaller.
If you live in Asia, this Disneyland offers a tad more variety of entertainment than the one in Tokyo. The performances are particularly good and the facilities are well maintained. Your kids will have an awesome time. It's best to go early since it gets crowded later in the day.
What a great day for our family . We have two young children aged three and four and this size park is great we only needed the day pass and we got to go on all the rides that the children wanted to go on. We went in September during the week and I think the longest line was maybe a ten minute wait if that most other rides there were no lines . Our two children had a ball , not only is the park fun but it's clean and so much to see. The merchandise is fantastic and we did buy up big time . Loved it
this place is a must not for kids even for adults if you are visiting hongkong and macau. you must a full day here, many restaurant and washroom facilities available. cinderella you will see too :)
Hong Kong Disneyland has now been in operation over five years, and for locals, we've heard about a fair share of complaints. The reality is that HKDL is just as magical as any of the Disneylands, and has its own unique charms and attractions. You can read about all the attractions on the website, but for our family, we just love the East meets West meets Disney combination of it all. This is not the largest of the Disneylands, but we like that, too   very easy to enjoy the entire experience in one day   in fact, half a day if you don't feel compelled to do everything. The food is particularly above average for theme parks, so that's good   and not as expensive as you might guess. And the lines are very tolerable   it's not uncommon to just spend 5 to 10 minutes in line for any attraction. The only thing that might be a bit of a bother is the heat, but hey, this is the sub tropics. I'd definitely say this is a must do for anyone visiting Hong Kong, and it's a great regular outing for locals. Also, btw, the staff and characters are exceptional   particularly good with children.
One of the best attraction ever in Hong Kong is the Disneyland Resort. Located in the island of Lantau, just 10 minutes from Chek Lap Kok International Airport, this family theme attraction is easily accessible via their MTR lines (Disneyland Resort Line) which transits at Sunny Bay station. do come early & spend a day out filled with lots of fun filled activities, entertainment & excitement. Lest not forget, enjoy the spectacular fireworks display from the Sleeping Beauty castle at 19:30 daily if weather permits.
no...this is NOT  Disneyland in CA  nor is it  Disneyworld in FL  but Hong Kong Disney has it's own charms.  The Lion King show is amazing...the parades top notch!  We truly enjoyed our time
Though it's not the best time to go, so hot and so humid, we still enjoyed all and everything about this amazing place!  My grandchild loves the characters, the shows and the rides while I enjoyed the food!
I have visited this park around 5 yrs ago and went back .. i loved it and had a great day . having fun in the new section and loved grizzly gulch area and the roller coaster there was just the best. they are expanding it again can't wait to see Iron man themed area
I had gone with my 2.5 year old with slight apprehensions that he is too young for it! It was almost built for him! Its best to visit for a toddler, most of the rides are geared for a 3 to 4 year old I would say. We visited on a weekday and not July August as suggested by many on tripadvisor and were safe. No very long lines not so crowded.I followed a previous review ( http:  www.tripadvisor.in ShowUserReviews g294217 d543602 r140454772 Hong Kong Disneyland Hong Kong.html ) and had made a list of the many rides for him and the lands to visit first etc.I suggest you plan if you are with a toddler. The above review is pretty accurate and it helped me plan my visit immensely. We started with Tommorowland as we only reached Disney by 2 pm , and wanted to be nearby for the parade. I registered for fast pass, did obitron and autopia. He fell asleep ( just landed from a long haul flight ) so skiped Buzz Lightyear and waited for parade.UFO was shut down.After the parade we moved to fantasy land. We ate lunch at festival of foods ( average) .We registered for fast pass at Winnie the pooh. We did Dumbo, Carousel and teacups. We did character visits in the evening as the lines were lesser ( tip : first go to mickey , most of the people were stuck on minnie or pooh).We went back for our fast pass at Winnie. We saw the golden Mickey show at 5:45 pm and then waited to see the fire works at 7:30 pm. We left 10 mins before fireworks ended to avoid lines at taxi stand.We spread our visit over two days and did one show each day , so check show timings and which land you will be in to plan it accordingly.Second day , we went first to adventureland. We did the jungle river cruise ( I preped my toddler about a volcano eruption to avoid a scare) and the raft to Tarzan Treehouse ( beware :lots of carrying your toddler over stairs). After that we went to see the Lion King show ( spectacular!) . They din't have fast pass that day for it I checked before getting on the cruise.We wanted to use the shortcut way to Toy Storyland , but for some reason it was shut and not mentioned anywhere!!! So we had to go around the two new lands and only then got to Toystory land. Toystoryland is a visual marvel ( please take many photos).We went on slinky dog and I was going to skip the parachute drop. But my toddler was very excited to go on it.So I took him and although he seemed a bit uncomfortable initially , he enjoyed it too much only to go on a second time !We then moved to fantasyland , ate lunch at royal banquet hall (indoors and excellent kiddy mickey meal!) and went to 'its a small world ' ( indoors to beat the heat!) . We repeated some rides my child wanted to do again like teacups and carousel.I suggest take toddlers to fantasy land again as this is the best land for this age. We couldn't meet the characters again as lines were long in the afternoon.We saw the parade yet again and shopped on main street only to leave disney with great memories!Only thing I will change next time is visit after November when temperatures are cooler , the heat did get to us!
The weather was very hot so you don't see alot of characters walking around. Only chance is at the timeslots where they will appear. Service staff looks tired and lethargic as well. A lot of food stalls were closed as well, guess most people will wanna go into the air con restaurants to avoid the heat.Enjoyed the photo taking opportunities. The fireworks was good at 8pm. But the ground we sat on was hot from the Sun all day.
I took my 3 adult children and their partners to Disneyland as a one off family holiday, it was the most amazing time. Considering we all went to the same place we all had different experiences. My Disney kid could hardly contain her excitement, at 26 it was overwhelming for her. Seeing Mickey Mouse was a dream come true for her. The rides were pretty awesome also. We saw the day parade with the most colorful floats and costumes and also the fireworks show in the evening was spectacular. Downside: check that you're not going in school holidays, it was chaotic to say the least, some lines were an hour wait to go on a ride that lasted 1 minute. We decided on the second day we would be there at opening to make the most of the quiteness. A great experience, one that I would definately do again.
If you have a kid ideally 3 4 years age, then Disneyland is a good option especially for first timers. The Small world boat ride as well as Winnie rides were exceptional and the entire family will enjoy it. The 3D show was no less actually while I found the Golden Mickeys show to be okie dokie (Tarzan was phenomenal though). Advice: please avoid days when there is a T3 warning. All outdoor activities are closed. None of the rides work. I must say that they do mention this to you when you enter the resort but Disney surely you can atleast start the carousel. This was a tad disappointing. The parade was also called off and the fireworks display was muted. Apart from this, there are a lot of shopping and food options. So your purses will be lighter and you would end up paying more than entrance fees.
Main problem with this park is down to lack of organisation (or lack of staff) on queues to attractions. Mainland tourists barging through without any respect for others. Adults sending on their kids ahead through the queue and then making petty apologies to pass as they queue followed to catch their offspring. On entering theatre for Mickey's Philharmonic it was basically a  free for all  scramble to be seated   no staff to usher patrons across to far side seating which meant that we had to more or less  climb  across everyone to reach end seating. Toilets were very unclean. Cleanliness in food areas however was ok. The park itself is small by American standards but that is not a downside but it's overpriced for what is there. Overall we left the park early cause our experience left us pretty disappointed. This park's management need to visit other Disney Parks to learn about customer service and satisfaction.
Been here 2 weeks ago with my daughter and its ok for a 1 time thing. It was hot exhausting but the performance was brilliant, i must say that the characters in area where always on a rush to leave their post. Ie having a picture with them is very difficult as when your about to que up, they suddenly say, no more pictures. Yet its 10mins before their suppose to finish, no considerations what so ever. Even you ask politely to the staff who are incharge of the que. What a waste if the management wont chang this kind of attitude of the staffs. Sad
We went to Disneyland as a birthday gift to my nephew. Boy, everything was CRUUUHHH AZZZZYYY! The lines were long, a lot of people, the food prices were a bit high, and children were like hustlers pushing you to get through the lines. The upside, it was really fun here. The sunset was very beautiful together with Cinderella's castle. The parade in the main street is a much watch! Every person in the parade were all smiles and very friendly. The blueberry muffin was soooo yummy! The rides were fun! Free water, with long lines, in selected parts of the park. Tips: Come early to enjoy the fullest! Be ready to carry your children after.
That's what I thought before we booked the tickets and luckily I decided to go for it.Don't miss any theme section, they all worth it. if travelling with kids, consider taking the trolley for $ 200 HKD, will save you a lot of efforts and complaining by the kids.food is more expensive than downtown so please consider carrying some food along if you want to save some bucks.
Of coz I would not suggest anyone to visit during summer, i.e. Jul and Aug. These two months have too much visitors. Other months will be okay.
I haven't been to any other Disneylands previously so I wasn't able to do any comparisons. However, as a first timer there, I felt that I enjoyed myself quite a bit. There aren't many thrill rides there so it's more suitable for kids and people who don't enjoy thrill rides like myself..xD We went there on a Wednesday so the crowd was pretty ok.. We didn't have to wait for very long for every ride about 20 minutes at most. Most of the things there were pricey but I kinda expected it since it's a tourist spot.. The shop has a lot of souvenirs to choose from and we took a long time choosing what we wanted! Overall still a nice place to visit in my opinion. :)
Lots of mainland tourists , even locals jumping queue,shouting,pushing. Screaming kids, total mayhem. Totally bad behavior exhibited by them. Brought my family, thinking it would be a magical moment. Food are heavily overpriced even for tourist standard, service provided by staffs are average. Most looks like students use finish school or waiting for results. Impatient work attitude. Totally opposite when I visited Disneyland & Disneysea Japan. If u really want the magical experience, go Japan.
If you have visited Disney Florida this will disappoint.   It is a great place for young children, not not much for olderchildren  young adults.  We only spent a couple of hours there and we had seen it all!
Despite what was said by many about the park, we really enjoyed our visit. In September the weather was either scorching hot or cloudy with occasional rain. It's a less popular period compared to cooler months, but then the queues, if any, were usually very short. We did not bother to take the fast pass at all. It's possible to complete the whole park within a day, although it'd be rushed and more tiring, especially when you bring kid(s) with you.The park was easily accessible as there's an MTR station nearby. If you're staying at Disneyland Hotel or Hollywood Hotel, shuttle bus is available. There's also a pretty pathway between the park and Disneyland Hotel.There are 7 areas in the park: Main Street USA, Fantasy Land, Tomorrow Land, Adventure Land, Toy Story Land, Mystic Point and Grizzly Gulch. The 2 most exciting rides are Runaway Mine Cars and Mystic Manor. Space Mountain was rather disappointing. Toy Story Land is very appealing for children.A daily 3pm Flights of Fantasy parade and 7.30pm Disney in the Stars fireworks are must watch events. Magic Mickey show is held in big theatre and seats filled up very quickly   but the queue was totally worth it for the 30 mins show. The main language is Cantonese but it has English and Mandarin translations on the screen. Cleanliness, service and security were excellent in the park. Food served in the restaurants were good overall, albeit a little pricey.
The new section of the Disneyland theme park is just fantastic. The new rides are a lot of fun especially Grizzly Gulch. We had a wonderful day and the park was not too busy at this time of the year which made it a pleasure as the queues were not long and the wait for rides went very quickly. There is such a wonderful atmosphere in the park and everyone was very friendly and considerate. The only downside was the lunches. Very bland food on offer, however, the waffles were outstanding. The outside eating area also needs to be sorted as there are too many birds bugging you when you are trying to eat. All in all a great day out and a wonderful fun day for kids and parents alike.
My husband, 23 month old daughter and I did a quick visit to Hong Kong Disneyland when we had a 10 hour stop over on the way to New York. It was so much fun   we were only there for 5 1 2 hours, but that was enough time to see all three shows and go on most of the rides. Everything was exceptionally high quality and we never had to wait more than 5 minutes for a ride, even on a Friday.
Well, the subject says it all.... Once you get there you feel young again and at the same time have that magical feeling...... The park is huge, nicely laid out and very much decorated (Can't wait for the Iron Man Experience to launch soon). One thing i can say though is that the food and souvenirs are a bit pricey.
The park is very nicely laid out and decorated well. currently lots of development happening.The rides are not aimed at anyone looking for a thrill. they are all very tame and child like. the best part was the 4d cinema experience 'mickey's philla magic'.The MTR disney train and station is very elaborate and dedicated for Disney.Children will love it ,but it is a lot smaller than the USA versions.
My daughter was disappointed due to its size as we had just come from Singapore (Universal Studios theme park) so it was unfortunate. Still it was a day out and it was good to visit a Disneyland theme park.
So glad we were able to take the kids on this opportunity of a life time.Not only was it memorable for the kids but hubby and I and of course my mum had to come as she wasn't missing out on seeing the grand kiddies faces so she travelled all the way to Hong Kong to make sure she was there.To this day they talk about Micky mini and all of the Disney characters we were there coming in December so it was christmas them wow was a way to remember Disney land there was the snow parade and the big parade. And Toy story land wow kids huge fans.We also love it's a small world and your usual favourites like dumbo ride.Love looking back at the photos and hope one day we will be able to get to experience Disneyland again.
This park isn't very big, but it still packs a lot in.  There is a lot to do at the park and the best part was the parade.  They even had good food!
I think, everyone who knows Disney characters in their childhood days should love this park. When I came here, I spent about 9 hours in several zones. One zone comprises of a lot of amusements, so I think anyone would not leave a zone in less than 1,5 hours. Merchandise shops and food courts are everywhere. Don't forget to experience Philharmagic show and the rollercoasters. Make sure you watch the firework (by the time I arrived, I failed to catch the firework due to bad weather, all day). The food: If you could stand not eating all day, it would be good, because the foods are quite expensive (if we compare the price and the delicacy). The staffs: Overall are good, but some of them may not be able to speak English at all.
Liked: No queues! Surprisingly   perhaps it was the season, the weather or we were just fortunate. Hardly any queues (maximum 10 mins for Jungle Cruise); Small World had no queues such that we took it twice back to back.Also liked it because it was small enough to cover in a few hours, with a little toddler in tow.Disliked: Too warm (no fault of Disneyland), too many Mainland tourists even though it wasn't crowded (sorry!)
Really this was indeed a very nice fun park.As a tourist you can spend 8 fun hours in this place. If you have kids, please set aside 2 or 3 days for this place. In order to enjoy this amusement park please do not run, instead take time to enjoy its each segment.It has enough offerings across Disney's famous collections, to keep you engaged for a week.You will find detailed listing on the website.A tip:1. Do not go with the crowd, instead of going along with the crowd, go in opposite direction, (instead of covering the park clockwise, try covering it anti clockwise.) It will help you avoid crowds.2. You can avail discounts on buying merchandise at every outlet in the morning hours, (i.e. basically a trick to avoid crowds at rides) but if you are planning to spend more than a day at disneyland, please keep all shpopping till after you have seen all merchandise at all shops in the park. In every shop you will additional types of merchandise which you will want to have.The shops are expensive.3. Initially the ticket prices might seem expensive, but later you will realize it was worth it.4. The safety measures are very good, actually we even found the rides to be somewhat less scary becuase of the safety measures.5. Food is good.6. Staff is very friendly.7. Do not carry eatables with you, they do not allow even canned juices inside the premises.8. DO NOT MISS ANY SECTION OF THE PARK. Each of the park segment is awesome, any words are less to describe.Once you are done with disney land, keep another day or two for Ocean Park.
Magical world for kids.  The best part is the fireworks at the castles.  But it is too small. Half day is more than enough for this place.
Different from Paris or Folrida Land.. more interactive experince.. try to choose the best time in regard to weather .. u will walk alot.. I was here in Septemper .. it was sunny and hot
Costly, but fun. The park has been doubled in size. It is even fun riding the special mickey mouse mtr train to the park. The Park is the cleanest place in Asia (excepting Singapore Sentosa). It could easily take up two days of activities. The special shows are hard to fit in your schedule but are must see activities. The ride lines are long even when the park is empty, so concentrate on attending the shows. You will come away with a thousand beautiful pictures so don't forget you camera. Remember to get you picture taking with Mickey!
Hong Kong Disneyland was the purpose of our trip. It was Magical with all the Disney charming, but a bit disappointed as the place and especially, the Castle, was super small. We missed some shows as they were no English show by the time we arrived, and we didn't wanna wait until the evening. However, they have the new lands like Toy Story land, which has many fun rides for teenagers.
We were in Hong Kong for two days in January and came here with a 3 year old and a one year old. Both loved it: it's Disney and they're young   how could they not?Access to the park with the subway was easy from downtown. Ticket prices were reasonable. We got there when the park opened and it was kind of a mob scene with everyone running into the park. Walking down mainstreet my wife and I laughed so hard at how small Cinderella's castle was. This place is just on a different scale compared to Orlando and Anaheim. This was our first experience being in China and people seemed very pushy. Several instances where kids and adults would just cut us blatantly in line. It was Disney and we weren't going to let it get to us on vacation with our young kids. We stayed nearly from opening till about 5pm. We rode probably 6 different rides; mainly because the kids were small and the lines were long. We had a good albeit expensive sit down lunch at a  Chinese  restaurant. The highlight for the kids was the parade in the afternoon. We got there early and sat on the curb and had front row seats. Again, people were pushy and nearly sat down on top of us on the curb as well or falling overtop of us. Overall: To say this isn't Orlando would be an understatement. To think it is before going would show a lack of research. Nonetheless, we enjoyed ourselves. If traveling with young kids from the US and are needing a stopover in SE asia recommend stopping in Hong Kong as this is right next to the airport. We'll take this strategy in the future.
The rides are not so great as they cater for really young kids like below 10 maybe. Great attraction and a view of disney plus the train ride to hear is a disney feel already! I had fun at the 3D shows though and theater plays! Make sure to give yourself one full day here so you don't miss anything especially the fireworks at night. Wear something comfortable and extra clothes just in case you get wet. I definitely recommend this place to families and kids!!!
I have always been a fan of Disney, hence being able to visit Disneyland is a dream come true. Though we were not able to watch the parade, we had a few photo opportunities with some Disney characters. We had fun taking our pictures with them specially with Minnie and Mickey Mouse. If you are into roller coasters and some sort of heart pounding, death defying rides, then Disneyland is not for you. This them park is for kids and kids at heart. They do have roller coasters, but not as thrilling as you could imagine. But the most exciting part of our tour in Disneyland was the magical fireworks display. As you end the night, before you the park closes, there will be an extravagant fireworks display in tune with some DIsney movies' theme song. Magical. Nostalgic. Extravagant. Worht your time and money.
Far from the city but close to the airport.MTR is the best way to reach therecloses quiet earlythe rides are amazing but very less in terms of numberfireworks is beautiful and a must watch show.the tickets are little bit expensive :)
We went to Disneyland HK in our last vacation (2 days after a Nightmare day At Ocean Park   also reviewed)..Despite of this one is much smaller than other Disney Parks, it's nice and have good attractions.. My kids enjoyed the space Mountain (they ride it 3 times: normal queu, fast past and single riders..) .. Also, the Toy Story section was nice.. as well as the Hunted House. .The Lion King show was really great... What are the negative thing:The rude, disrespectful, unpolite mainland Chinese visitors... !!!Those guys don't know to respect others, they always try to cut the queue.. push you.... and are so uneducated.!! zero manners...!! That was the negative part of the day.. but.. being a smaller verison of a Disney park.. it was good... Disney Staff: Increase your staff for managing those  tourists ...
This was my first time to a Disneyland park and third time to a Disney property. I don   t consider myself a Disney expert by any means, but I do know their Disney World properties in Orlando. It   s not quite fair to compare this park to that, but I will tell you that for the $60 65US (cheaper than the US!) and a chance to be a kid again in Asia, it was worth the visit! The park is full of many of the famous rides and attractions that make Disney famous, so apart from the guests, you do feel like you   re at home. I will say that if you   re going there expecting a large majestic Cinderella   s Castle, you will be a bit disappointed. It is a blue and pink castle that has to be one of the smallest ever! But, any child who loves a Disney princess will enjoy seeing it just the same. The park is easy to reach from the Tung Chung station (just use your Octopus card) and only about a 20 minute or so commute. Inside you will find many of your favorite eateries, shops full of Disney memorabilia and more! When we visited in May it was busy, but we also visited on one of their holidays. We visited without any children and still had a lot of fun. We rode a few rides, toured around Tomorrowland and even witnessed a parade. If you find yourself in Asia, and have 2 3 hours to spare and want a taste of Disney and a chance to be a kid again, this is a fun park to enjoy!
Lots of reviews mention this is a small park and while it does not rival the scale of the American parks it is a great place to visit for Disney fans of all ages. Highlight was the new Mystic Manor ride which is fantastic and one of a kind, and Grizzly Gulch rollercoaster. The theming and detail of the park is excellent and there were many food options for Western and Asian tastes. We visited on a Friday and Saturday and queues for Mystic Manor never topped 10 minutes, longest waits were for Space Mountain (25 mins) and Winnie the Pooh (40 mins) so make use of the free fast pass system.
We are a Disney Family and our son currently works at Disney World. We planned two days at the park as that is the normal time it takes to enjoy everything at both Disneyland and Disney World. We went to the park on a Tuesday and Thursday while in Hong Kong. Here is the bad parts:Park was very small, easily navigated it in a half day. Not as many rides as either US parks. US narrative on the jungle cruise was free lance and no script. Should have done the Chinese line. Now for the good:Mystic Manor was very well done.Jungle Cruise offered in 3 languages (not sure they knew the script in English)Toy Story land was very cute. Small World had a few items like Disney characters in each themed area. Grizzly Gulch was fun. Mine Train had a great unexpected twist to the ride. Best Space Mountain of the three Disney parks we have.visited. Firworks were AWESOME. EASY access to the park using the MTR and Disneyland Express.
I was excited to go here since it opened several years back. Anyway, I went here after lunch. Had lunch then waited for the parade. The parade was great but I can't see the view clearly because everyone is with umbrella. The queues were not so long even on a Saturday so I didn't bother to buy a special pass. The area is quite big so I was not able to see all the attractions. So if you plan to visit, make sure that you spend the whole day in Disneyland. The staff are Chinese speaking and can't understand English. They are not smiling too. The experience was not so pleasant because I'm a smiling person and I can't get a smile back. This is not the Disneyland I have imagined. I have thought of accommodating and caring crew but this is way different. They are talking to each other and do not bother to even look at me when I asked question. This is really a terrible experience for me. The fireworks is the only thing that made my visit magical. I had goosebumps when I saw the fireworks and went home with a smile. So I'm giving a rating of Good for the fireworks alone.
Went for a trip in March   and stayed at the nearby hotel. Maybe the smallest Disneyland in the world, but it felt more cosy and comfy. And also made the trips to the attractions that less tiring.From the airport, we took a taxi to the hotel and was greeted well by the reception. It wasn't long before we were in the hotel itself and enjoying the comfy beds...Hey, but we're here to enjoy the attractions right? So, in no time at all, we all went around looking for the attractions. The hotel provided free coach services to the Disneyland itself, and am very glad that they catered for families with small ones using strollers etc. The kids were really excited the first evening we went out   and that excitement never really abated the 3 nights and four days we were there. All the rides and atttractions are as what you would expect, and never having the chance to see the original Disneyland, I guessed it was a lot smaller here in Hong Kong. Probably the only downside was how expensive meals were here. The prices are really high   but I guess that's how the make money. Still, it was quite a good thing for them to have halal food outlets here   with the number of visitors from the Middle East and Malaysia Indonesia   they would have lost a good proportion of possible income otherwise. Won't go in lengths about the attraction this time, just suffice to say they are there and made the kids really happy! The nightly fireworks show were also a nice way to say goodbye.
As said on the title, it is not worth going to the Hong Kong Dinseyland if you had been to another Disneyland. This one is just too small. The same stuff with even smaller scale. The most disturbing thing is that the queue is outrageous for the main rides. And the recently opened area's ride had broke down multiple times.Still if you are first time being at Dinseyland, then you may enjoy it. There is some exclusive for this park like the Toy Story Land, the Iron Man thingy(which is not open yet)etc.Getting there is easy as well, just get to any MTR station and buy a ticket and you will be there in no time. Where Your Nightmares Come True.  is my ultimate comment for this park.
I have visited Hong Kong Disneyland four times in the last three years, and each time has been an absolute joy. Although the smallest kingdom, HK Disneyland packs a punch with the expected Disney traditions, as well as some uniquely Asian ideals. Sign boards are available in Mandarin, Cantonese and English, which makes navigating the park considerably easier. My last visit was truly magical, made especially special by my interaction with Stitch in    Stitch Encounter   . Hong Disney is an absolute must and is well worth the MTR commute to Sunny Bay.
My partner and I came to Disneyland on Tuesday and it was a fantastic day! As it was outside of school holidays and public holidays festivals, there was hardly anyone there and no line ups at all for the rides. We arrived when the park opened at 10am and left after the fireworks at 7pm and easily did all the rides (some twice), a show, the parade and fireworks. Although there aren't many thrill rides we still had fun on the rides with our favourite being the Buzz Lightyear one. The teacups are also fun and It's a small world is really well done. There is also a 3D Mickey show which was my favourite park of the whole day. It was absolutely gorgeous and so well done.The food is expensive but it's what you'd expect from a theme park.My tips for the day:  it is so incredibly hot... Make sure you have a hat, sunnies and sunscreen.  bring water or a water bottle. There are plenty of places to fill your bottle up. We were only drinking bottled water and brought our own. To buy it at the park is $25 compared to the $7.90 at a 7 11.   get a position at least 30min before the parade and fireworks. It fills up quickly.  people have no issues pushing in front of you even if there is no line and everyone is going through to the ride. I can't even imagine how bad it would be if you had to queue. Overall we had such a wonderful day and I can imagine it would be a great experience for the kids. It's obviously not like the US parks but that doesn't bother us. Highly recommend a day here.
Maybe its because the park is too small as compared to its american cousins or maybe its the proximity to the worlds most densely populated regions but it was a nightmare navigating through the unusually large volume of people and this was on a weekday and when we had reached the park before it opened. Food is terrible and a rip off.
I recently visited HK Disney and was a little bit disappointed. I had this thought in my head that after being open for 9 years, it would be more in line with the LA Disneyland (not including California Adventures). When I arrived, I was struck by how much smaller the park. In my mind, I was hoping that the usual classic rides would be there, Haunted House, Pirates of the Carribean, Splash Mountain... nope! There were some new rides that I havent seen before, Mystic Manor & Grizzly Gulch were a couple. All in all, I feel that 1 day is enough in HK Disney whereas, Ive spent 3 days in LA Disney (Magic Kingdom only) and still feel that it isnt enough! Overall, its nice to get away from the hustle and bustle of Hong Kong for a day but if you want to spend a 2nd day out, go to Ocean Park instead.
I have always loved disney characters. a big fan of disney movies. and disneyland was a treat for a disney lover like me.i literally lost there. just loved it. it was for the first time i was visiting disneyland. loved the concept of dedicating special areas for every disney stories. i loved to pose with disney princess , and taking pictures everywhere.i loved the last firework show. no words to describe how awesome it was.just amazing.u have to reach there early to grab a place yourself,else you will have to stand in the last.its not as big as usa disneyland. but still i loved it.
you can enjoy most of the disneyland cartoon in a small area, there is no need to spend a lot of energy
What's not to like about Disneyland? I felt like a little girl again the moment I stepped on Disneyland. My childhood fave characters are brought to life. Plus there are special areas for every Disney story. I totally love Toy Story rides! I'll definitely go back, this time with my lil girl.
I really wanted to love this place but it was just okay. My husband and I surprised our 6 year old daughter with a visit on a trip to Hong Kong before traveling on to China to adopt her little sister. It was a very pretty park and we loved the Toy Story land, so cool! Some staff members were exceptionally friendly some would not crack a smile for anything, very hit or miss. The workers at the food carts were all consistantly friendly and helpful. We visited on a Thursday and it was so crowded that it really made it impossible to enjoy the day. Our daughter loved the surprise and was so excited to be there but was honestly ready to leave pretty quickly because the lines were just so long and it took so long to do anything. Lines were not well organized and there were not a lot of fast pass options. It was super hot which we expected but with the crowds and lack of shade in a lot of areas it made it a long exhausting day. We had hoped to stay for fireworks but gave up at 5:00 and returned to our hotel to swim. We had thought we might return later or possibly a different day but honestly none of us wanted to. The gift shops were even so crowded on main street that it took us almost 15 minutes to get back out through the crowd after fighting our way in! I refused to buy anything because I wouldn't stand in the line wrapped around the building to pay. We probably would have had a completely different experience on a less crowded day.
I already miss Disneyland. We went there on August 28, 2014, a hot sunny day. Good thing there are many airconditioned establishments to help beat the heat. Don't miss out the Space Mountain at Tomorrowland, best roller coaster ride we have tried. We were able to explore the entire park in one day although we were not able to try all the rides. The only thing we regret is purchasing the 3 in 1 meal coupon (1 ice cream popcorn, 1 lunch, and 1 dinner, valid only in selected restaurants and on selected meals). We got it for HK$203 208 per coupon. But upon seeing the free meal included in the coupon, it costs only around $HK88.00 per meal ( x 2   HK$176.00) which means the popcorn ice cream in the coupon is valued about HK$30.00 (and we did not feel like eating popcorn or ice cream at that time) We also did not like the popcorn. Also, we went rushing to the restaurant in the evening for fear that we will be unable to use the dinner voucher. If we did not get the coupon, we could have tried other restaurants or other meals on our own time. We could have saved a few bucks. Good thing the night ended with the very long and beautiful fireworks display. A must see! It's so astonishing that my wife and kid suffered from Disney fever and I had to buy them some Disney stuff from the store. Nice job Disney! Best park ever!
Disney Hong kong was well below my expectations. Very long queues   which go up to some 1 2 hours waiting time!!  Very hard for kids!!   Toilet facilities are very limited in the park  with long queues again!!
We're visited few years ago and this is my 3rd times visit. Hong Kong is having aproblem of mainland visiter cos they're never follow the rules. Don't queue up, treat you like invisible suddenly someone will queue infront of you!  Don't worry, now the Disney's staff really will take care of it . Kindly just tell the staff will solve it for you.If your child would like to take photos with Disney character also ask the  area staff  they'll tell you who is next and time.Night time fire works..either stand at the main street or you can sit down a self service cafe behind the  Marry go round  pick atable outside. Double check the time!!Get the MTR from HK STATION(Central) go  Tung Chung line  off Sunny Bay then opposite is  Disney line . easy! Is a nice train, kids will loves it! Bring abtl of water with you! Pretty expensive in there.
Newly built facilities and familiar cartoon characters make beautiful backdrops for photo opportunities with you and your partner. Payment don't stop at the door so be ready to continue paying inside.
visited during Halloween, great parade and firework display. I will never get bored visiting Disneyland!
If you have kids, this is the MUST GO destination for you. I was advised to go on a weekday as it will be very crowded. Even then, the average waiting time time is 45 mins for each ride. Make sure you allocate enough time, i.e. the whole day to enjoy the rides and shows. Visited in January 2014. It was kinda cold and windy.
We were very lucky and had no waits for any of the attractions, even though it was a Sunday. Really liked the Grizzly Rollercoaster and was surprised how well done the mystic mansion was done. Lot of details in the park setting make this little Disneyland very enjoyable to walk around.Overall very enjoyable stay with lots of Disney Fun!
The attractions are fun for the kids and adults but the food is rather pricey with limited options for children meals. Food carts are few and there are limited choices.
Get there early!  Rides are awesome, in particular Space Mountain.  But its very hot in August and the queues are big later in the day.  The river cruise was highly entertaining.
A nice place to visit with kids but as a grown up there's not that much to do... It was smaller than I expected and food & beverage needs a lot of improvement...
We have taken our grandchildren on numerous occasions as they live close to disneyland and they love it. Try to go early as it gets very crowded as the day goes on. Be prepared to wait in lines and sometimes people try to push in but don't let them speak up and they soon get he message. The parade and nightly fireworks are well worth waiting around for. Take an umbrella and plenty of water an sunscreen.
Visit to HK Disney was fun and nice. we visited in Jan, which was great as the weather was lovely to be outside, not to cold, but not to hot either, a nice cardi would suffice. The park is similar to the ones I've visited in the US, but its tiny in comparison, so 1 day at the park would suffice. This is of course if you are living at one of the nearby hotels, then its very convenient to hop over the next day. The park is clean and there are not many people during the weekday (when we visited) which was so freaking awesome! Because this means no Q. Shows are mostly in dual language which can make the showtimes twice as long, but we didn't have much to complain about. Would recommend for people who want to visit Disneyland but don't want to travel all the way to the States.
i visit in the last few year, there is a few attraction just add in which is i never try before.That time i almost experience all the game in the land. overall is very nice if you are able to plan the time that you can access all the game with clear out the queue...:)
It was a very nice December morning, that we went to the Hong Kong Disneyland, we had a two day ticket to explore all areas of Disneyland, even if this was my third time, I still enjoyed it to the max! the weather is still autumn and is the best weather to explore disneyland. The highlight is the fireworks, it is the best! I recommend 2 day ticket for this adventure to the happiest place on earth.
It was my first time in Disneyland, I enjoy fullest here eventhough I do not have much Disney childhood. Only one thing I totally dislike is some people tends to cut queue and even I saw child was defecation with plastic bag in the musical show! It was totally gross...
Visited this park twice 2012 and stay in Disneyland Hotel with friends and 2013 with family,Best place for family bonding and best to visit during winter season to avoid the summer heat during queing.Only need to have more varities choice of food.Have a magical day ;)
Really enjoyed my day here. I came curious about what was different and what was the same. The  same  was, in a word, quality. Same feel I've had in the US parks. Different: most big rides are not here, but some are (Small World, Space Mountain, Thunder Mountain Railroad   called Grizzly Peak here, Jungle Cruise). They have some others that COULD be in the US, especially the Mystic Manor ride, sort of a cross between Haunted Mansion (ride) and Indiana Jones (motif). After being on the road for a while, it was nice to get a dose of Americana. I took the MTR from Tsim Sha Tsui for HKD$44 and it was easy (Google maps says it takes over an hour, but it was much faster). In August, it's REALLY hot. Indoor A C seating for meals is really crowded, so eat early if you can. Cost for single, 1 day visit is about HKD$470 (after credit card fee).
Why? because you will miss great firework show on the park. Well, going to Disneyland was my childhood dream, and when I went to Disneyland I felt so HAPPY. Little tips, if you going to Disneyland bring an empty bottle so you can bring it inside and use water tap to refill it. Don't forget to take show time brochure so you will not miss any shows or character meet up
Take an umbrella, it gets so hot. Disney HK is tiny compared to Tokyo, Florida, Paris and LA. It can easily be completed in a day with a bit of time to spare. It is pretty much the same as all the other Disney parks in terms of rides, wait times are fairly short and there are fast passes available free of charge.Food and drinks are expensive but I expected that.Waiting for the parade was awful in the heat and sun so remember an umbrella or be prepared to fry, even sitting on the pavement was painful because the concrete was so hot.I went mid week and it was not so bisy but I heard weekends are very busy.Staff are very helpful and friendly, everyone spoke good English, park guides are available in English, Japanese, Chinese and a few other European languages. Well worth a visit for a fun but very tiring day away from the skyscrapers.
Even though Hong Kong Disney is smaller than other Disney parks, it is worth a visit. We live in Southern California and have been to Disneyland numerous times. Hong Kong Disney doesn't have all the rides that we are used to, but we still had a great time. Grizzly Gulch roller coaster stops mid ride and changes directions to go backwards. It was our favorite ride. There is a  Toy Story Land  section that is unique to Hong Kong. That was a nice surprise. There are also a few different rides for the little ones that are different. One disappointment is that the lines for character meet and greet were longer than in California. Get there as soon as they open to enjoy as many rides as possible before the crowds arrive. If you can afford it, they have an option for a three hour tour where a guide takes your group (maximum of six people) around and you bypass all the lines.
It was a 2day fun at hk disneyland. And our 2nd time to visit. I recommend two day pass so you really go through all attractions. The weather was just perfect when we went there ( dec1 ) to walk around the park not too hot and not too cold. There were new attractions when we there the toy story, magic mansion and all . Long que on all rides. Food is expensive but ok. We were able to see and enjoy everything the place has to offer. It was really the happiest place on earth.
Hong Kong Disneyland may be the smallest Disney Park, however it does not disappoint! No, it does not have tons of rides, but it is perfect for one day. The one day I went was not at all crowded, and if you head towards Mystic Manor and Grizzly Gulch first, you'll be pleasantly surprised to find no waits for either. Their version of Jungle Cruise is also not to be missed as it has an incredible ending which I   as a frequenter of Disneyland in California   was not expecting. A few tips, try and go for the whole day, there is just enough to do that you can get on everything. Also, do not go on a Sunday! I have heard that crowds can go from light to extremely heavy on most Sundays,as that is one day that most people have off in Hong Kong.
Quite the same as any Disneyland bur smaller and more crowded.  There was a long queue for every game and I spent most of the time waiting.
We just went to Hong Kong Disney and the Main Street was under Major Construction. At least half of the buildings were just a printed face instead of the real buildings. I guess they are renovating already. Also the rides lines were very long. This means to me they need to add more attractions or more things to do in between the rides. Good for them bad for us.
We had a great day, at Disneyland with the best weather we had for a week in Hong Kong. We all enjoyed a fantastic time with limited queues for rides and plenty of time to visit all the attractions and rides. The granddaughters had a truly great experience with character photo's and enjoyment with the firework show climaxing a memorable day and evening
We followed others advise (thank you) and went left when the park opened. That took us to Grizzly Gulch Roller Coaster and the Mystic Manor   both unique to this park. In the early morning these rides had no line ups and we went 3 times in each within the first hour. The park fills up in the latter AM and stays that way for the entire day. Take in the shows (the Lion King production was first rate) and the parades.The line ups are long at the end of the day and only 2 rides currently use the fast pass system   Magic Mountain   we did that 4 times as single riders which was as fast as the fast pass 5th time and Winnie the Pooh. Why on earth Winnie's in the fast pass crowd I cannot answer. Unless you have very young kids you can skip this one.We closed the Park out   stayed for the fireworks which are always awesome at Disney and were so surprised to find that the taxi cabs had no line (Yes it was $175 to get 5 people back to our hotel by 10 and so very worth it).If you have 8 to 13 year olds you can easily do this park in 1 day. A younger crowd would require a long afternoon nap (and I know I would have appreciated one) and so that may make this a 2 day park.We had a good time and can check this off our list.
Last year I visited Disney in Orlando and we went to Hong Kong as my new partner had never been to Disney and I wanted to introduce him, unfortunately it is a very watered down version, like Paris. I did expect this but not so much there is maybe 1 or 2 rides for adults, all the rest are for little kids and families. But still a very good, fun day!
Before this, none of them know any character from Disney. Ever since they visited Disneyland in HK they started to watch mickey mouse cartoon, used mickey mouse related items....They had a very good memory especially the photo taking session with the character. The size of the theme park is just nice for the 2 of them which is at age of 5 and 3. We didn't wait till 7pm for the fireworks as afraid that there might be too many people to queue for the train to go back to the city.
a fantastic trip..two days with a toddler of two werent enough and she had an awesome time and so did we...magical indeed esp the parade and fireworks
Its a good place to go for your first visit to a disneyland park. Few of the rides and adventures are not disney high level standards. Avoid going in summers as its very hot. Water  cold drinks are priced 3 times in the disneyland. Long Q awaits you. Anything between 45 75 mins are each of the major attraction. People coming from mainland china to visit disneyland are quite rude, loud and have no sense of standing in queue. No characters walking around the park to meet children. you really have to go to one place to meet them and click pictures. For that also you need to stand in a Q. This place is nothing compared to US disney.But if you or your kids havent visited disneyland . Then go.
My 17 year old daughter and I extended our trip to Hong Kong so we could visit Disney to recreate a photo we took in Aniheim at Disney's gates 13 years ago on the same day. A big plus is that the MTR literally takes you to Disneyland's entrance. Don't waste money on a coach ride or service from the hotel. Hong Kong's Disney is beautiful, sqeaky clean but a lot smaller than America's parks. You can literally do the park in 3 hours depending on the wait time of the rides. Additionally, it has only a few rides for thrill seekers  3 that we felt were noteworthy. The Lion King show was okay but the 3D show was awesome and the parade was done in true Disney fashion  spectacular. Small children 10 and under will love this park. Teens and thrill seekers might become a little bored, especially if they are used to bigger theme parks with more rides. Overall, Hong Kong has captured the magic of Disney. If you have the extra time or small children check it out!
Hmmm where to start, ok so we are English speakers visiting from our home in Malaysia (first time visit) I knew it was not quite right when my 4 year old said to me  mummy why are Mickey and Minnie speaking in a different language  they were speaking in Chinese as were all the other characters in the Golden Mickey show. Had we known we would not have queued and been squashed like crazy in a terrible area squashed together by a whole load of anxious and impatient visitors.....it was truly terrifying especially for my 4 year old. It probably did not help that it was pouring rain the whole day so people were trying to get in out of the rain. Perhaps there should be a huge sign stating that these shows are in Chinese so that non Chinese do not waste their time. Next, I cannot believe that we spent two days at Hongkong Disney and did not see any of the characters walking around the park and shaking hands and hugging the kids, this was a complete shock. This is something you see all the time at Disney Florida, this does not happen here in HK Disney. However, you can queue up for hours for a photo with some of the characters, there is a list of which character will be where and at what time. This is Disney, the kids are supposed to see the characters and not just at a photo shoot opportunity. It felt like a fairground and that's about all, with a very nice firework display at the end. We saw more of the characters at the Disney Hollywood hotel than we did at HK Disney. There are plenty of gift shops for the kids to buy there favourite character gifts and of course they are expensive but this is a given, it's Disney. The food was very good and the service from restaurant workers was very good. We've visited and had the experience, would not return and would not recommend it.
I don't mean to point fingers to any group of tourists, but majority that's visited the park, you know who I am talking about. It's one thing everyone wants to do... it's go out on a beautiful day with your friends & family and relax and spend a good time at a magical place, Disneyland. All is well until you walk through the gates and notice there's tons of people in the park. Whatever rides you want to go on, there's lines of people. Of course, we expect it. Like most people, we all waited in line. Anyway, here's my complaint.... a lot of  NON LOCAL  residents group, called  THE TOURISTS . They get in line to try to get to the front. They will breathe down your neck and bumps behind you every step you wait in line. Then they have their  UNTAMED  kids push your legs or step on your toes, etc. The worst I'd seen, is they use their kids to push you forward while you are standing in line. This is getting ridiculous. Almost every line I waited on, I have these  TOURISTS  messing with my group of family and friends. Come on, we are all in line, what's the rush to push and pressure people on a line that isn't moving. It's like one attraction after another, they walk run over anyone that's in their way. I have to admit, park is a lot better if  The Tourists  behave appropriately and learn to respect others by giving them their own space and not just bump, step or walk run over them!
Looked forward to visiting Hong Kong Disneyland and I was fully aware that it was much smaller than the Anaheim Disneyland. It was quite disappointing and some of the attractions did not measure up to Disney's high standards. I understand Hong Kong is a different country however when you're in a tourist location it would be great if some of the staff could actually communicate in English as this was a British Colony for over 100 years. If you have never been to Disneyland and want a small taste of the Disney experience then this is ok but give it a big miss if you have been to the original as you will be extremely disappointed. The staff in the Disney emporium were quite friendly and helpful however in some of the cafes they may need to learn a thing or two about customer service and realise not everyone can speak Cantonese. Ok place to visit but wouldn't waste my time again
I am a huge Disney fan. I go to Disney World at least twice a year. This was my first non US Disney adventure. Hong Kong Disneyland was so much fun! We went there first thing in the morning at 9:00. We finished about 2 3 of the park before lunch, and it is a good thing because the crowd rolled in after lunch. The cast members are amazing, but the visitors were anything but. Beware of a huge culture change that consists of pushing, shoving, yelling, and spitting by the visitors. Many of visitors were rude to the cast members and treated them like servants which made my American blood boil. Also, beware of MSG in a lot of the food (it is not disclosed like required in the US). There were a few old favorites, but there was enough different to feel like a whole new park. Of particular fun is Mystic Manor. Be sure to hit Toy Story Land first then Mystic Manor to efficiently cover the park before the crowds come.
It's Disneyland, so it's great to experience and typically it's crowded and there are lines and therein lies the problem with a  Disneyland  in China: many people in the region fail to fully understand the concept of  lines  and respecting other people's personal space. We politely observed behavior that at Disneyland Anaheim would have immediately been shouted down, but towards the end of each day, our patience ran thin with all the pushing, jostling, and line cutting and we found ourselves   elbows and dirty looks out   defending our space and place in line and feeling it was time to go home.
This is an abomination. Hong Kong has the amazing Ocean Park in Aberdeen, which is spectacular, locally flavoured and cheaper. Why would anybody come to this tired tourist trap of a place? I can understand locals coming here as a novelty, but any tourist who steps foot in this place needs their head examined.
Spend a few days here every time we visit Hong Kong. I'm a slight disney fan.....well a huge fan actually! Can't wait to go back. As far as Disney parks go this one is very reasonably priced. Cast members are professional and friendly. I can never miss the fireworks at the end of the night. Great way to end the day before heading back to the Hollywood hotel for a swim and a night of watching The Disney channel....yep I'm a big kid, growing up didn't agree with me!
I have been HK Disneyland last week, the theme parks are not fancy, not enough facilities in that. And also too many people is a big problem. I think Disneyland in LA and Tokyo is much better. so dont wait time here.
Look, it's a Disney. Is it LA or Orlando...no, but it has the same charm that they do with Asian fusion mixed in. But be warned, the locals have no idea how to queue up in a line so prepared to be pushed and shoved while waiting in line or simply just have them cut in front like you don't exist.
It was the 1st time going to Disneyland for me and my sister. The most convenient way to reach Disneyland is via MTR to Disneyland Resort Line. The train to Disneyland MTR has windows shaped of Mickey Mouse and the interior has Mickey Mouse shaped hand rails. There are also disney decorations and mini statues of Disney character and the seats are cushioned. The who train is  Disney fied . After alight from the train, you will see the train station too is different from other MTR stations. Before entering Disneyland, you will have to walk an un sheltered distance to the entrance. Along the way, you will see a gigantic black fountain of Mickey and friends and ticket booths. Bags will be checked before entering. Do grab a copy of the map before entering the theme park. Disneyland was divided into 7 portions: Main Street, U.S.A., Fantasyland, Adventureland, Tomorrowland, Grizzly Gulch, Mystic Point, and Toy Story Land. At the Main Street, U.S.A, displays beautiful architectures and building such as, fire department, train station, and emporium. Over there, you can rent trolleys and wheelchairs. You can also go the emporium there to get the Disney merchandise. You can get merchandise from T  shirts, key chains to kitchen utensils and even pasta. You can also take picture with Mickey in his tux and Minnie in the white polka dot red dress. Do check out the Art of Animation building which showcase the drawings of different Disney characters and the magic behind creating motion pictures. If you find queuing at the restaurant for food is too time consuming, you can try Market House Bakery which the pastries are great and there are varies of affordable food and drinks to choose from.Walk out of the Main Street, you will be able to see the Disneyland castle. The fireworks will be held at the castle and the area in front of the castle is the located to view the fireworks at 9 pm . Do check out the fireworks timing with the staff as it may varies at different day. After walking out of the Main Street and turn to the right side, you will reach Tomorrowland where you will see the futuristic and space theme rides, restaurants, shops and decorations. Do check out the Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse, and Lotso ice cream. As most of the rides are filled with people queuing, I would recommend Space Mountain, Stitch Encounter and Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters. Do not eat too much if you are taking the Space Mountain ride as it is a dizzy roller coaster ride. While queuing for the famous ride in the area, you will spot vending machine that people can buy  Fast Forward  tickets to avoid the queue. The queue for famous rides may take longer than queue due to the people buying  Fast Forward  tickets (which I don't think is fair especially when there is huge crowd queuing). Do watch out for pushy China tourists who jump queue. Take care of your belonging as most of the China tourist would just jump queue thinking that you do not see them.At 3.30 p.m everyday, subjected to weather condition, there will be Flights of Fantasy Parade between Toworrowland and Fantasyland. It is a must watch. You will see many Disney character comes together to parade in music, dance and decorated  flower  cars. There will also be many people taking pictures of them so it is quite chaotic.At the Fantasyland, there is a  It's a Small World  ride back of the Fantasyland. The ride is a boat ride and shows different nationality singing the  It's a Small World  theme. At the Fantasyland, there is a Winnie the Pooh, water ride, Carousal, 4D film Mickey's PhilharMagic (Highly recommended). Over there you can also queue to take pictures with Mickey, Minnie, Goofy, Pluto, Winnie the Pooh and etc. The Royal Banquet Hall, a restaurant, is a must go if you like Disney princesses. It indeed live up to it's name. The shops there sells Winnie the Pooh and friends and Disney Princesses merchandises.Beside the Fantasyland, is Adventureland. The Adventureland is of the Africa and jungle theme. Over there, you can take Jungle River Cruise, or watch Festival of the Lion King, or take a raft to Tarzan Treehouse. As you walk up the Tarzan Treehouse, It explains to you the story of Tarzan. After visiting the treehouse, take the raft back to get to the next 3 new themes.Walking away from Adventureland, is the Grizzly Gulch. Its theme is inspired by Grizzly Peak. There is only one ride, an outdoor roller coaster ride, Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars. Beside Grizzly Gulch, is Mystic Point which is based on home of Lord Henry Mystic, and his monkey, Albert. Mystic Manor is the only ride in Mystic Point and is one of the best rides in Disneyland. As for Toy Story Land, there are rides such as Slinky Dog Spin, RC Racer and Toy Soldiers Parachute Drop. This place has all the toys up sized, colourful and very  Toy Story Land . Do check out the gift shop, as it sells merchandises that may not be found that the emporium at the Main Street.Overall, this Disneyland did live up to it name despite the heat, overwhelming crowd, long queues, pushy China tourists and irritating kids. It also bring back childhood memories of Disney. At the end of the day, the fireworks  paid off  all the  sufferings  I had during queuing for rides. The firework brings about Disney magic and gives a romantic feel. I will be back.
We had an impromptu stay over in Hong Kong so this was an unplanned trip. A reasonably priced taxi ride from the airport took 15 minutes. Unfortunately the weather wasn't playing so there were limited rides open, however we were told this before we paid our admission. Great photo opportunities and not too crowded during our visit ( possibly owing to the weather). The gift shops were reasonably priced and had lots of choice, the food choices were poor and some food kiosks only took cash, but didn't tell you this until you were trying to pay. Still it lived up to the reputation as the happiest place on earth, even though it was smaller and more compact in comparison to its US counterpart.
I visited with a friend while we were on holiday in Hong Kong! It was amazing place, very organised and the attractions were a lot of fun!I'd only suggest stock up on fluids as it can get very hot out there and it would be great if they had misters spread around the park for those hot summer days.
Given that I have been always going back to hongkong Disneyland and this is my 3rd time, I was excited to see they have the newest attraction. You have to go directly here if you are a returnee, lines are not so long and you get to experience a cool ride. It's like being in a storybook. Your kids will enjoy the monkey.. Careful though for those suffering from epileptic seizures and problems with the heart, the ride has some pyro special effects that might surprise youOverall, great new attraction HK disney!
Disneyland is a magical place when everyone is respectful of queues, personal space and general politeness. We visited Hong Kong Disneyland in October 2012 and the 2 days were awesome. We have brought our kids back as they have been asking for near on 2 years they loved it so much, but this time in August it has been a very different experience. The weather has been a challenge with rain causing major disruptions to park operations. Lightning can also shut down all outdoor rides for 1 2 hours. The crowds were huge and as many others have said the mainland china visitors can make the day very frustrating. They push and shove their way through queues and when you pull them up on it they get upset. I found it exhausting trying to stop my kids from being trampled and got sick of arguing with people trying to push past us. Disney does make announcements about line skipping but they do need to make more of an effort to be a presence during these high peak visitor times. I think this Disneyland is great for younger kids. My 3yo went on everything that she wanted too and my 8 yo was also well entertained. Tips: get there first thing and plan your first 1.5 hours to do your most wanted rides as after that you will wait at least 45 mins for everything you try to do. If fast passes are operating for any rides get in early as they switch them off when it all gets too busy. If you are wanting to buy souvenirs don't wait until the end of the park day to do so as you will battle every other visitor at this time. If you are staying for fireworks be prepared that you may have a very long wait for the train if that is your mode of transport. I still think Hong Kong Disneyland is great but will never return during this time of the year again.
not amezing disneyland in hong kong and tomatch normal show and normal resturant ,,,last not go agien
It was so good   including food points   that I would like stay there during next visit to HK fairs. Unfortunately they do not have hotel on site.Love  Lord Magic . Not impressed by space flight. Didn't have time for Vinnie the Pooh. And the railway was closed for some rework. Still excellent!Note: there us firework at 9pm closing time. Same as in the beginning of Disney films :)
As per what the title states.. Compared to the other Disney parks (I have been to the Cali and Florida ones numerous times), this Hong Kong location is very small.It does have some good rides.. both classic and new different ones. But my experience was completely ruined by the mass amounts of mainland china tourists who are not only rude, poor mannered but are constantly finding ways to cut the queue. It has been a nuisance being around them all day to the point where my family and I decided to leave early. Disney should really step up their staff and security in ensuring ALL guests have a good experience. I have visited once a few years back, once again this year.. But based on my my most recent experience.. It's better off saving your money and go to any of the other disneys instead.
If only I met Mickey and Minnie when I was a child! This place is truly a child's dream playground. The rides, the different Disney characters, and the parade   it is fascinating to watch the expressions on the hundreds of children at Disneyland when we visited. Those little girls dressed in their new fairy dresses, the little boys wearing their new spiderman shirt   priceless! The numerous rides and shows on offer, there is enough here to entertain not just the children but the whole family. The downside of course, is the waiting time on some of the rides and the shows. When you only have a few days in Hong Kong, time really is quite precious  so to wait for 40 minutes for some rides and shows can be a bit of a let down. I would suggest that if you are planning to visit Disneyland, then be sure you allow for enough time to see all of it   including the fireworks display. A good 10 hours should do it. Well worth the visit.
Most people not really fond of disneyland. Plus some says hongkong disneyland is smallest compares to other disneyland in other countries. But this is the affordable entry fees . So still its worth it to enjoy yourself or with friends or bring your kids. Its easy access to there by using MRT.
If you like massive crowds, steaming hot weather, queuing on average for 90 minutes per ride, then go for it, spend your money and have a great day! For us, a family of 5, with 3 children (12 8 6) this place was a nightmare. We arrived at the park at 8:30am, at this time of the morning the queues were manageable, almost non existent, we where in the park at 9am and headed left to Grizzly Gulch, no lines road the ride twice, then down to Mystic Point for the Mystic Manor, one ride, then headed to Toy Story Land, R c Racer twice, parachute drop and Slinky Dog once. So far so good we thought...however that was the last ride we did for the day! By the time we made it to Fantasyland at 10:45am the queues for the rides was 45minutes, for a single rider, by the time we then walked through to TomorrowLand queues were anywhere from 75   90 minutes per ride. Personally I think you must be mental to line up for that period of time under a hot Hong Kong sun, and be pushed around by mainland Chinese tourists, who have a very different understanding of social etiquette to us. Given the choice I would give Disney a big miss in August, it is right int the middle of the Chinese school holidays, and given that Hong Kong plays host to over 40 million Chinese tourists per year, it feels like every single one of them is visiting Disney on the same day.
Fees: HK$ 450Time: Full Day or moreDiscription: Its a wonderful experience.Specially going in the month of November was just awesome.You can take adventure of all the rides.A must visit when you are in Hongkong its beautiful.As soon as you enter you will get surround by beautiful princess, cartoon characters everything was so amazing.When you go pls take the map which is available in entry to know which places you visited so that you can explore more.Had a wonderful memorable day.
After Euro Disney in Paris. All those things you hear about park visitors pushing, shoving, shouting and screaming (and not just the kids), allowing children to wee into bottles, spitting, queue cutting, etc are all true. I had small children with me, and during the parade, adults just barged in and stood right in front of them. Perhaps the very hot and humid weather has aggravated it a lot more. But the whole experience is just unpleasant. I have to give a big kudos to the cast members. They are always there to help, very professionally managing situations, and always with a smile (even in the heat!). Tokyo Disneyland is the place to go if you are planning to visit Disney soon.
This park is very small when compared to Orlando. This is our second visit and each time we have found that if it rains all the rides shut down and as their is almost nothing else to do, you end up walking around the park in the rain. We arrived, did the Carosel ride, then went to do Buzz Lightyear (60 minute wait) to be told the ride was closed due to weather. We walked around trying to find something to do and eventually gave up and went for lunch. We had very long lunch (very good food) and then went out to find the rides were still closed. We went to Lion King show (people were panicking in the lines there were so many people waiting), we came out and still the rides were closed. We checked and saw that the afternoon parade was still going to happen so stayed for that; what a waste of time, about three floats and over in minutes. Still the rides were closed. The rain wasn't heavy and their wasn't thunder over the park. By late afternoon we gave up and went home. We had bought expensive tickets to ride for 3 minutes on the Carosel!!!! if there is any danger of rain don't go to the park. Ocean Park is a much better place to visit on any day.
It's so small if there was no line up you can finish the whole place in a few hours. The worse part of this place are the visitors. Many of them are from mainland china. They will elbow the hell out of you to budge in line and argue till there's no tomorrow and ruin your day. You will get stepped on, pushed, spat on, and disrespected every way possible. This place can't be any worse. Don't go with your family if you have any young or elderly. Someone will get hurt. I was full of bruises after a day a the park. One of the most strenuous day of my life for sure.
This was our second visit, the first being three years ago and ealier in the year. This time the crowds were unbelievable, none of the attractions (except The Lion King) had less than one hour queuing. It was such a hot and sticky day we couldn't stand for an hour so we gave up. However, we did see the Lion King, and that was worth the wait. The stage set and the actors singers were suberb.To be fair, the whole site although smaller than other Disneys, is well designed and spotlessly clean, despite the crowds. On a quieter day I think the whole experience would be totally different.
We went to Hong Kong Disney on a 2 day pass. Loads to do and see and the fun we had has created some great memories.Easy to get too via the Disney train which houses disney characters and a very short ride too. Entering the park was really easy and pleasant the moment you enter.Lots of shows and rides and best of all was the 4D cinema great fun and for all young and old, it has made us want to book disney land Florida.You must go if you are planning to go to Hong Kong but remember your sun block it's a real sun trap.
If you have already visited the other Disney parks especially the Orlando one, this might not be worth you penny and your while.As noted by some fellow reviewers, expect to be elbowed and jostled about and to have a couple of umbrellas tossed in your face by other visitors. We can assure you that his was not the same experience we had in Orlando.Some staff may appear to be rude partly because they are not comfortable enough with English.Tips:1. If you are visiting with small children, the variety of amusement may suffice but it may not be up to the mark for young teenagers.2. One of the metro (MTR) stations is just right in front of the gate, thus, making for easy access to and from several major locations in Hongkong.3. Do not miss the fireworks!
Easy enough to get to via MTR (with Mickey Mouse windows on the last train), we had a great day in HK Disneyland. You will notice the rides are more aimed at smaller children, but my two teenagers will had a great day out. Don't miss Lion King show, and the best fish n chips at the 'wild west' area. It is very much like California's parks, easy enough to walk around without getting too tired but still with good spaces between areas. There is a  pirate boat  type ride, based on the car from toy story, a 'run away' train and space mountain for the orders kids, but I still love Buzz Lightyear! Some shows have different times for different languages. For the Disney Pin collectors, yes, they do swaps here too! The castle was a lot smaller, but the fireworks magnificent! Tickets can be purchased on line, with some travel agents offering small discounts. Then there are at booths to swap internet tickets to full tickets before you go in. It is also possible to come out of the park to go via MTR to the outlets mall and then come back should you want. Don't forget the umbrella for shade, and we weren't stopped taking water in (there are some water stations around, but not many). Drinks about HK$40 in the park, meals ranged from HK$40  95 ish.
I had high hopes for this visit as this was the first time I was on an out of country trip with my wife and two kids. My wife had previously been to the Disneyland in Tokyo, myself in California. Both of us had positive memories of those prior trips so we were looking forward to seeing our kids experience the same fun.Boy, were we disappointed. The queues were ridiculous   you can never get to a ride without having to line up for at least 45 minutes. And that's for just a 2 minute ride. Moreover, the whole time you're in the queue you have to be: a) alert for other visitors trying to jump the queue; and b) protecting your children from those visitors who do jump the queue. They were rude and showed absolutely zero consideration for small children.  Happiest place on earth  my foot.The heat and humidity   I guess that's just a side effect of the time of year we went there (August). For the overcrowding   maybe it so happened that it's summer vacation for many in the neighboring countries. Nonetheless I thought I'd mention it now so that those of you planning a visit factor these two things into your plans.So with all that rolled up together, the kids were wanting to leave the park in about two hours at a time (my kids are 4 and 3 years old). We went for just two rides in the course of two days   mainly because my family and I couldn't stand waiting in a queue for an hour in the intense heat and inconsiderate crowd.The only saving grace for our trip was being booked at the Disneyland hotel, and taking advantage of the photo op with the characters at the breakfast buffet. They actually will go from table to table and you won't be constrained for time to wrap up your photos. The downside is having to spend more.I may consider going again if it's the cooler part of the year, and on a school day. But from my recent experience alone I wouldn't recommend it.
Disneyland Hong Kong is a wonderful place to take your children and the whole family. The park keeps in line with its brother parks around the world, on safety, comfort and value for money. The shows are top notch and the rides are full of excitement.Details:1) You are allowed to bring food and drinks (However Security Check Bags on Entry)2) Tomorrow Land Restaurants offer fast food ( Burgers, fry chicken, Chips, etc...) at about $60   $85 per meal3) Noodles and rice dishes are sold across from Space Mountain and Small World4) Look for Bargain bins at the the Shops. Usually they discount clothing and other items up to 70%, Yes that's Right 70%5) Avoid visiting the park on Chinese school holidays (Not 100% sure but I think it is July Aug Sep). 6) If you are on transit in Hong Kong, you can leave your luggage at the Airport for 12HKD per Item Per Hour. 7) Taxi Ride from Air port will cost you around $130HKD (straight to Disney land)8) The most common way to get there, is to take the MTR (Train) to Sunny Bay and then take Disneyland train to Disney (1 stop)9) If you are planning to visit the park more than one day, then the annual pass may be the best option. Silver pass cost $850HKD (access every week day and some weekends)10) You can buy a single or double entry ticket for $450 or $650 and Enjoy entry to the park any day. or buy an Annual pass of higher value and have access to the park on weekends.11) Fast passes have been removed from the Buzz Light Year Ride12) Fast pass still available for Winie the Phoo and Space mountain. However Space mountain Single rider's line is very quick as well.I Don't want to end my post on Disney on a low note so I am going to say that the following problem may have nothing to do with Disney itself:I think there is an issue with PhotoPass, but probably it is not related to Disney itself, as it may be a contracting company working for them. When you get photos taken at the park you are offered to purchase a digital copy that can be downloaded from Disneyphotopass.com.hk We purchased a bunch of digital downloads but didn't know that photos are available only for 2 weeks. our trip was longer than 2 weeks and when we returned home and tried to download the photos they were all deleted. Contacted Disneyphotopass and was told Tough Luck.In a previous trip, we paid for the same service from Universal Studios and Lego Land in Singapore, and the photos are still available for download (after nearly 5months).Disney would you please look into this? ... customer who pay for something and get nothing feel like they have been robbed.I Love Disney parks ... all of them ... They are the champions on entertainment.
Pls bring umbrella every time you visit the place and wear your most comfortable attire and dont forget to bring your camera
Great day out in the sun, plenty of rides and shows and in February the queues were manageable.  My only quibble was that there only two Disney princesses (Snow White and Aurora) but there were plenty of other characters to meet.
They added 3 attractions from original 4 theme lands 5 years ago. The Lion King has always been a good show. I want to try the rides but the time was not permitting me to. Maybe next time.
Firstly I have to say I've been to the original Disneyland twice so was up against an amazing theme park .If you have tiny children I suggest this park but if you have older children they will be bored.It was crowded and we had so many umbrellas shoved in our faces by rude adults. On a side note was looking to buy my grumpy memorabilia but there was nothing .. Now wishing I'd bought the grumpy mug in the London Disney shop... Oh well
I had read all the reviews which said Ocean Park is better than Disneyland however for someone who had not been to a Disneyland  Hong Kong did not disappoint. From the moment we arrived until the fireworks at the end I had a ball. I had many photos taken with the characters and loved visiting the different worlds. We arrived at approx. 11am and stayed until the end and saw everything and also went on many rides. I was travelling with my 16 year old daughter and a friend it was very hot being July buy it did not matter. I'm not sure who was more excited sometimes me or my daughter. The food was reasonably priced as were the souvenirs and we loved the grand parade at 3.30pm. We later visited Ocean Park and for me it was Disneyland all the way.
Good time, but be careful of Nut Allergy. Signs are posted that say they will work with your allergy, however, when we tried to order pizza they told us there were no nuts in it, but when we saw it had pesto on it knew for certain had nuts. We spoke with the whole staff (including the chef) in a particular area and they said it did not have nuts, but the staff in an adjacent area (with the same product) said the item most certainly had nuts. The item was pesto and had pine nuts in it. Fortunately, we knew it did and did not consume it, but for those that don't know it can mean life and death. Very disappointing, especially because they were so adamant that it did not have any nuts. I did speak to a manager in Guest Services, but I don't know how far that went. Just be aware. Other than that, it was a good time.
In order to stay for the fireworks, reach disneyland about 3 to 5pm onwards (the park is very small where you could complete everything within 2 hours) where you can get to enjoy some nice rides and waiting for the time to passby till 8pm for the fireworks on weekday and 9pm on weekends. Thats the most exciting thing in disneyland and to go for.
It is extremely small and way overcrowded. It is so disappointing that the park is packed with people. We were the waiting for the park to open that day but only managed to play like two games only. After the second game we decided to go to other side of the park just take photos with the characters. It is a beautiful park, but things you can do is very little. We barely took photos without others in the background.
It is the first ever Disneyland I ever set foot in and it was AWESOME. I have friends who tell me that it is not comparable to Disneylands in US or Japan but..... I loved it. I went there on a Wednesday and thankfully there wasn't a big crowd. Hence my queuing was minimum both for rides and photo taking. Mystic Manor and the Mining Roller Coaster are 2 superb rides which everybody MUST try!Do take note of the timings for the parade and fireworks to get a good place with a great view. For people who love Disney characters, it will be hell of a day!
We bought a two day pass for HK Disneyland, the park isn't that big it can be done in one full dayI would recommend staying at the Disneyland hotels, it was convenient as we could go early in the morning whilst the lines are short go to lunch then go back to the hotel enjoy the pool then head back at night for the fireworks at night. The Disney hotels offer a shuttle bus which runs every 10 minutes between the park and the hotel. If you want photos with characters they   re usually first thing when the park opens so get there early to avoid the long wait.HK Disneyland was more for younger kids, and good if you   re travelling with a family but there weren't many rides we could go on being 20 years old but I still enjoyed the Disney experienceThe fireworks are pretty good, get there early everyone starts lining up from 7pm and gets crowded easily.All of the souvenirs shops are the same so you really only need to look in one, the prices aren't too bad something   s are a bit ridiculous
First time to go to Disneyland, what can i say? It's awesome. My 8 year old kid was so happy about the things that she went to.. My 1 year old kid was delighted by the colorful stuff in the place   it's all over. My mom and wife was very busy shooting pictures. It was indeed an experience.Though, it was summer and so hot, it never made us stop on roaming the island. We haven't visited all the places and is already planning to come back next year.When visiting Hongkong, never forget to include Disneyland with your places to visit.
We were in Hong Kong for a few days and decided to visit HK Disneyland, although I could only convince my husband to go for for half a day (he's decidedly not a Disney fan). I will put it up front that we didn't have to pay for tickets, as a family member works for Disney and gave us his comp tickets.It was an incredibly hot early September day, and we just melted in the heat. I pulled out my umbrella to try to shade myself but it didn't really help. I'm talking sweat dripping down your face and back, clothing sticking to you, eager to wait in a line indoors just for the AC. I love Disney, but I was actually fine to leave around 3pm as it was that miserably hot outside. If you can, try to go on a day where it's a bit cooler!HK Disneyland seems much smaller than Disneyland and Disney World, but it is still magical. There were not that many Westerners there, first off, but everyone does speak English (you could easily get around otherwise, even if they did not). The park was a bit crowded but not that bad, and we rode everything we wanted to with average waits, although the longest line was for Mystic Manor, but thankfully most of that was inside with AC. Everyone was friendly and helpful   it's Disney, after all!If you have the time, definitely stop by and spend a day or two in the park (two, if it's super busy). Absolutely make sure to ride Mystic Manor, one of the greatest Disney rides in ANY park, as well as Grizzly Gulch (a mix of Expedition Everest and Big Thunder Mountain).Try not to compare to Disneyland or Disney World   it's not either of those, Hong Kong Disney is its own park, with its own charm, and should be appreciated for those merits! Definitely worth a day trip from Hong Kong proper, especially with the incredibly convenient MTR.
Iam in love with Hongkong disneyland.We went there for one day and its so beautiful and awesome.Its huge and spread in a wide area.The rides are superb.We enjoyed different characters of Walt Disney.The best theme park ever seen..
This review is going to be biased, but I am such a sucker for Disney Parks. Although this one is smaller than the others and lacking some of the  basic attractions  like The Haunted Mansion and Splash Mountain, it's still full of Disney magic and efficiency. I felt taken care of the entire day I spent there, and I took a friend who had never been to a Disney Park before. She was also duly impressed! Well, done Disney!A few caveats: This is Asia, so while you will find mostly  normal  food (and everything will be high quality) you still have to deal with line cutters (Cast Members are usually helpful with this), odd combinations (chicken and prawn anyone) and umbrellas in your face during the parade. Don't let it deter you from going: you'll still have a fabulous time!
Too many people and long waiting lines, however you can book in advance by using Fast Pass.Food quality need to improve with more choices.Provide moe shaded area while waiting on lines. Direction signage is not clear.The train is not in service which was disappointed.Not enough shaded area for people to rest and sit, as a result, people are sitting on sidewalk.Cheers,Max
At last trip to hongkong i finally can fullfill my childhood dream to go to disneyland. It was great. Lotsof fun things to do , service was ok too. Only queue was quite long because we were on a big holiday. The best was at the fireworks show at the end.
I agree with a number of the recent reviews, very hot, far too many pokey umbrellas and my teenage daughters seemed to be far more of a photo opportunity than Mickey although having spent the previous week in China we were used to this!However......even with these challenges you can't beat a Disney Park and we had a fantastic time. Clearly it's much smaller than the Parks elsewhere (as we are big Disney fans we have already visited all the others except Tokyo) but it is just as magical once you get over how tiny the castle is!One tip would be get there early and go to the left side of the Park first. We did all the rides  attractions in 3 of the lands at least twice with no queues before 10.30! Umbrellas are a particular problem during the parade and I was glad of sunglasses to save my eyes being poked out but when asked to put the umbrellas down once the parade started the Chinese seemed happy to oblige (although this may be more to do with my 6 foot husband being the person asking).
The theme park is well maintain and the whole environment is clean as usual. Though the china visitor is really rude and not queue properly, using flash to take picture during the show, making big noise everywhere, but the staff is giving a big patient to control them and try not to affect others.
The staff was polite and helpful.  Not a long queue there if it was weekday.   The park was clean but a bit small.
If you want to be tortured and pay for it, you should go to Disneyland in Hong Kong, especially on hot and humid sunny day. I took my daughter as I wanted to celebrate her birthday, I did not even get a single picture with a princess (as she was just leaving for a break). ENDLESS lines for 2 minute long rides. We managed to go on 2 rides, then waited in line for junk food then searched for a seat to eat ...and left ....what a disappointment...We went to ocean park last week, and my kids had so much fun. This was the second and the very last chance I have given to Disneyland.
It was my childhood dream to visit a Disneyland Park. So I was very excited to visit the park along with my wife and two sons. However I was a bit disappointed with the overall experience.Maybe I had high expectations from this big international brand! Also since we had earlier visited the Universal Studios in Singapore we were expecting a similar or better experience.However, the Disney park was extremely crowded when we visited on a weekday. Every ride had a minimum of 50 minute wait time with long serpentine queues. Hence we could only experience 5 6 rides. Some of the visitors from Mainland China were extremely in disciplined and line cutting was a common site everywhere. These people travel in large numbers with only one person waiting in the queue and then a dozen others joining that one person as he reaches near the ride. Disneyland claims that it will not allow outside food but to our surprise we found many of the visitors enjoying outside and home cooked food. We enjoyed the Disney Parade and the Lion King Show. Also the firework display which starts at 8 pm is very good. Some tips  It is advisable to buy your disney tickets in advance from either the Disney Hotels (if you are staying in one) or from the Disney outlet on the Avenue of Stars at Tsim Sha Tsui. This way you will save a precious 1 hour wait time at the ticket counter in the Park. Besides on every ticket you will get a small gift (bag tags, etc) at the Disney store on the Avenue of Stars.  While visiting the park with toddlers, its best to carry your own pram as renting one at the park costs HK$100.  If you are staying at the Disney Hotels then do not waste your time in shopping for Disney merchandise at the Park as there is a Disney store with the entire range of merchandise located in these Disney Hotels.  Plan to watch the Lion King show when you are tired walking around or if its raining. As the show is held indoors  Do NOT waste your time queuing up for the Autopedia ride. Its not worth it!  Try to be near the castle (the main roundabout) by around 3.15 pm as the Disney Parade starts by 3.30 pm
Please do not come on July to Disneyland HK, It is very hot and crowded. Many countries are having holiday during this time, very long queue and truly very hot.
We went with our daughter who at three is probably too young to really enjoy it. But for anyone who grew up watching the program on TV, visiting at least is a must. Heed the warning of other travelers, though, and don't go in mid summer, when the heat significantly detracts from enjoyment.
I can't say anything but FUN. The outside area is a huge park that lets guests visitors take their pictures with Mickey surfin' in the middle.
The park was busy   but we expected that in mid summer. However, we did not expect to find such limited shade. Of course we expected roasting hot weather in August in HK   but expected the facilities to take the local weather into account and give much better opportunities to cool off out of the sun. Many people chose to use umbrellas to give them some personal shade   unfortunately this added an unwelcome element of danger as we found ourselves trying to preserve our eyeballs from being impaled on umbrellas wielded by people with an impaired sense of spatial awareness.We are Caucasian European and found that our small son gave Mickey Mouse & Co a run for his money in the photo opportunity stakes   although we already aware of his extreme cuteness and handsome features (inherited from his parents) it was, initially, quite amusing that he proved to be so popular   however, some people might find this quite disconcerting   it did wear rather thin at the end of a hot day with little respite from the sun! Particularly as the photographers tended to stare and point at him before snapping his photo. If we were ever to go again (which we won't) we will charge per photo .... And use the cash to buy a particularly pokey umbrella!!
what a hectic couple of days....we did friday and saturday and paced ourselves. it was hot and humid and we constantly sweated! it was busy and the longest time we queued for an attraction was about 35 mins. The only water fountains that i saw were by the toilets and there were ques for these that looked as though it was for the toilets! we had pizza from one of the restaurants which was expensive and not good value for money. my daughters loved to meet the characters and get their autographs, but we did not see any 'princesses' except for in the parade. some of the best attractions were the ones that were inside where it was cool and relaxing, especially the 'lion king' show   fabulous sets and performance, the mickey mouse 3d show   'philarmagic' cinema like experience and cool!..the runaway mine cars in grizzly gulch was great, did both a daytime and nighttime rides. be sure to see the parade at 3.30pm and get there early to secure a good spot   the curb edge makes a great seat in the sunlight. many people used umbrellas as parasols without a care as to personal space. do shopping on way out so as not to carry bags all day long, carry a small towel with you to wipe sweat away with, and if you are staying in one of the hotels like we did, then walk back as it only takes 10 mins and the queues for the bus will take a lot longer at the end of a tiring day.
I have to say I didn't know what to expect from our visit or whether we would really enjoy it, being that we were a small group of adults. However, we were all pleasantly surprised by just how much fun we did have on the rides, watching the colourful parade, watching some shows and we even stayed for the fireworks at night (a must). Overall, it was an unexpected and enjoyable day (and yes, if you're planning on going, plan to spend the day there).Tip: weekdays are less busy
Its my second visit to Disneyland in one year but i never felt boar to watch again but one small disappointment was Train services to have a view of entire Disneyland stopped for 1 year.Remaining all are Same & Good.1st i started with Grizzly Gulch continues with Adventure land,Mystic Point,Space Mountain,4 D Show & it's a small world etc.,The Food can't say Great but up to satisfaction evening Parade Night Star Fire Works also good . You need not to thing about a day it will goes easily with out your Knowledge Happily in Disneyland . I Sincerely appreciate the dedication and Respectable service of Disney staff
I visited HongKong Disneyland in peak season. It was my first Disneyland experience. It is an amazing place. Wonderful parade, the atmosphere, the shops all dedicated to Disney characters, the friendly staff, the welcome and the excitement of being in Disneyland will not disappoint you.My 6 year old son loved Disneyland. His most favourite ride was the Buzz Lightyear Laser ride and the Parade however he complained about having to wait so long for such short rides.What are the negatives of Disneyland. There were so many people there it was unbearable. We waited 90 minutes for a 2 minute ride and most people going on a ride suitable for a 3   6 year old were adults with no children.There is not enough shaded areas.There is not enough seating, restaurants were so full there was no where to sit inside or outside.We went in peak season, school holidays. If you are planning on going take your children out of school and visit Disneyland. Do not even consider going in holiday season or shoulder season. I don't know if there is a low season but this park was so full it made the experience for us not so pleasant. They need to cap how many entrants can go into the park in one day. The ATM machine was out of money, however every shop or restaurant happily took credit cards.I would still like to visit the Disneyland in the USA. It really is a world of it's own but one visit to HongKong Disneyland is enough for me. Also you can do this park in 1 day so do not even consider doing it in 2 days. It is open at 10am and the fireworks commence at 9pm so you can see everything even when you queue up for 90 minutes to take a 2 minute ride.Things to take1. Backpack2. Water bottle3. Hat4. Umbrella   hat to keep off the sun. Yes it is so hot.5. Sunglasses6. Sunscreen7. Most of all lots of patience because most of your day is going to be spent waiting.The kindest thing you can do is stay at one of the Disneyland Hotels where you are at your hotel within minutes away from the park.
Fantastic Disney Atmosphere!   Really fun rides  Take an umbrella   as the sun gets very hot!   Friendly staff everywhere.  Mid summer   long lines and quite humid.
Some of the reviews really put us off but we figured we would spend an hour there and see. From Central Kowloon we took the MTR direct to the entrance plaza   closer to the gates than any other method   taxis are cheap enough and I gather it would have been about about 180hkd as it was the trains all are in English and signpost and route info puts London to shame. We arrived at 8:30 and had tickets and waiting for the gate to open in under 10 mins. It's hot and sweaty lets get that straight right now but most queues were shaded or indoors. 9am on 1st Aug we shot over to the Grizzly Gulch   rode it twice and then did 3 of the toy story rides before doubling back to the Haunted Mansion, over to Space Mountain which went technical   asked for and got free fast passes   over to Buzz Lightyear and the Small World   and it was only 10:30   then Jungle Cruise 20 min wait ( very poor English from the captain so it wasn't funny at al) Philharmagic and then back to Space mountain used the free passes and we're ready for an early lunch. As a Brit there were some really shady offering   steamed Chicken Feet !   some usual theme park offerings but we opted for the Main Street Cafe and it's sweet n sour chicken which was pricey for HK but filling. Shopped for some HK souvenirs and were back on the MTR by 2pm   we skipped only Stitch ( only in English a few times a day and not a favourite) and another show which is never in English.Less problems with queues than Orlando   the park is clean and we had no problems with language or the locals   if your in the area   do go   you won't regret it
Visited Disney on a recent trip to HK (western couple, frequent travelers). It was really crowded and there was not a lot of shade. We did have fun on some of the familiar rides (space mountain, grizzly gulch) and enjoyed the overall experience. It was really nice to be able to take the metro right to the entrance. Most of our frustration came from being constantly hit in the face by the sun umbrellas of the other patrons and the fact that the concept of standing in line and waiting your turn seems to be foreign to the Chinese. Prepare yourself for that and you will enjoy. Would also have loved to see some of the characters roaming around for photos.
My daughter and I spent a sunny & hot day at Disneyland Hong Kong. Overall, it's not as good as the California version, but it is certainly a fun day. I think that older kids and teenagers will find the park a little tame, but more timid folks will enjoy the park. I liked the fact that there were separate lines for English, Cantonese and Mandarin speakers for some attractions (but no one seemed to be privileged). So the  Jungle Cruise  tour was in English for us. Overall, most  cast members  seemed to speak decent enough English.I wish that more rides had the fastpass system, but the waits weren't too long, overall. I found the food to be reasonably priced, but not fantastic  however, as a theme park, what should you expect?My one complaint is that the park closes suddenly at 9:20 pm, after the Fireworks. So everyone leaves at once. This leads to great congestion because nearly everyone is taking the Disneyland Express train and the MTR to get back to Kowloon or Hong Kong. (In California there are a range of transportation options and the closing times aren't as abrupt.) That said, I was impressed that Disney had people helping tourists purchasing MTR tickets and directing traffic.Overall, we'd recommend a day here. But go to California or Florida if you want a full Disney experience. ps. bring water!
This was my second visit four years apart. I was very impressed with the improvements including new worlds added.The park definetly replicates the california park now!Very hot and not a lot of shade make sure you take sunscreen and an umbrella and be prepared to wait in the sun.. a lot.If looking for western food head to the resteraunt next to the buzz lightyear ride.A fun day for kids and adults, my best advice is be prepared to be pushed and shoved especially at lines anf parades.....
This is the place kids like most but adults are never left behind. Although it is too crowded but have heard similar thing about other disneylands too.People u need to walk so be prepared. Rides have long qaiting at times. Character greeting waiting time can be reduced for sure but dont know why it is not done. It is a place that can be covered in one day if u r fit and healthy and can walk at a good pace.Several photo points r available so be sure to carry extra memory cards.
First visit to any Disneyland. The entire journey in a Mickey Mouse shaped window train is simply magical. Went with the flow of the crowd and realised that 1 day is too less to enjoy it in entirety. Feel this is a better way to explore the park  Walk straight through Main Street and start with Tomorrowland Or head straight through Sleeping Beauty's castle gets into FantasyLand.( In case of the latter, reach Tomorrowland by 7 pm to enjoy the wonderful rides). These 2 are the best parts of the park.  Click your pics with Mickey and Minnie mouse in the mornings as towards evenings the lines get longer and you will end up wasting 1 1.5 hours just waiting for the pic.  Head to Mystic Point. The journey in the Mystic Manor is good but too short. The gardens are a waste.  Head to Toy Story land thereafter. The Para drop ride is a must do here.  On to Grizzly Gulch, A quick stop at Adventureland ( Tarzan   s tree house or the river ride is for kids primarily)   Must do rides     Autopia and Space Harmony (Tomorrowland), Journey in the mines of Grizzly Gulch, The Grand carousal ( Fantasyland)  Must visit Shows     The Festival of the Lion King Show in Adventureland, Golden Mickeys and Mickey   s Philharmagic in Fantasyland, The fireworks show at 9 pm. Gather at the Main street a little earlier to get a good spot. Note: The park shuts immediately after the fireworks at 9. So do your shopping before the show.Cost of tickets   HKD 450  adult
Anika enjoyed her 7th birthday here! Sept 8 was the best day for her as we stayed here from opening up to the magical closing fireworks! The place is so big you need 2 days to enjoy and maximize the excitement of Disneyland!
I loved it here. I got to relive my childhood with my kids. It is only small and can be seen in one day but if you want to go on all the rides and see the shows then buy the two day pass. Lines for the rides were on average 45 60 minute wait. Same with seeing the characters for photos, anything from 20 60 minute wait but we found the characters gave us all the time in the world when it was our turn to take as many photos as we wanted. Food is extremely expensive and you can not take in your own food. They do bag searches at the entry. It was an extremely hot day when we went but we found there was adequate shade for us to have rest stops out of the sun. Not all shows are in English so you do need to ask at each venue when the english show is on. The fireworks at the end of the night are only fireworks, not a parade or anything like in America. Was still awesome to see. We took a taxi back to our hotel in Kowloon at the end of the night and it was very well set up and not a long wait. A magical day I would highly recommend.
Was expwcting better. I am a fan of Disneyland and often go to Disneyland Paris. This one is very small, I didn't feel the same enjoyment as in Paris. Won't make it again in here, but will continue going to Disneyland Paris.
I have an experience with many disneyland but this time, Hong Kong Disneyland did not meet my expectation. The park crew is not smile, warm welcome and always busy. Actually I love to learn service behavior from disneyland crew, so this time, they show the quality of service was down. Personally, I think Everland Korea is better than HK disneyland
This Disneyland is by far the smallest of all. The place is catered for mainly for the Chinese mainlanders. I estimate that 90% of the crowd are from China. I have no issue with this but I do have an issue with overcrowding though it is not as bad as the one in Tokyo. The average wait in HK Disneyland is about 40  45 min for each rideI had visited this about 10 years ago and I did not notice any significant change in its attractions.
My family and I visited Hong Kong Disneyland in the July school holidays. It was a fun day out but it was very, very busy and very, very hot. There were sadly many rude people who barged and pushed their way around and in front of us. We went on the quintessential Disney rides like the tea cups and the 'Its a small world' boat cruise as well as seeing the fantastic Lion King show. There were tons of great rides but in most the queues were just a bit too long. My advice is to try and go there in the cooler months and definitely out of holiday time.
truly the happiest place on earth.  Make sure to arrive in the morning for the opening and stay until the fireworks.  And bring extra clothessss hehehe  Great Great experience
We are a disney family   through and through. My hubby and I decided to spend the afternoon at HKD, even though it was just the two of us. Disney magic started at their private subway stop, complete with Mickey windows and handholds. While this is a much smaller park, we found we were able to really enjoy the rides   which were different even if they had similar names. Asian experience motion different than Americans and the rides reflect those differences in engineering. We loved it! On our favorite rides, we went through as often as we liked. We would definitely come back w our kiddos. Fun and uniquely it's own park in the disney franchise.
We're three 25 year olds on our trip to Disneyland and it was hilarious!!! Best day ever and a great fun riding the rides, seeing disney characters in action. It was a dream come true LOL!! We were happy kids for a day!! Great experience!!
It was a dream come true to visit and have great adventure in Hong Kong Disneyland. It would be perfect to be with your friends or families enjoying different rides and attractions in this theme park. The parade of characters was truly amazing, the Golden Mickey was fantastic and Lion King was superb. Don't miss the RC, Grizzly Gulch and Space
Have never been to any Disneyland and was talked into going while in Hong Kong, even though I am in my 70s. I imagined it would be a very  mickey mouse  Disneyland (exuse the pun).What a surprise. I just so thoroughly enjoyed the experience, I will certainly go again.We went in November which probably helped as it was in full Christmas swing. A great experience, highly recommended.
Plan the entire day for Disneyland. I stayed at the disney hotel and took the bus to the park. My favorite was the cartoon drawing session. Great rides and fun! Don't miss the fireworks at the castle at night. And make sure to take cameras. The food stalls were not great for vegetarians.
I've been to both Disneyland in California and DisneyWorld in Orlando so I didn't know how much the family enjoy the much smaller Disneyland in Hong Kong. We decided to take a chance on HK Disney and we're glad we did. There are no major  thrill  rides here but the park is charming and we enjoyed Mystic Manor (exclusive to HK) and Toystory Land. If you are a true Disney fan and want to see all the shows (check the times for the English versions), ride all the rides and see fireworks give yourselves a day and a half so you don't feel like you have to run from ride to ride. If you're not really into Disney   one day would be enough for you since it is a much smaller park. Also be prepared for line skipping and folks squeezing in ahead of you.
Visited Hong Kong Disneyland in May 2014 with my 7 year old daughter. We loved it. Pre purchased our tickets at a disneyland shop along the avenue of stars the day before, so when we arrived we didn't have to stand in the long queues. Favourite rides and attractions were the Grizzly mountain mine cars, Buzz Lightyear astro blasters, the toy soldier parachute drop, the festival of the lion king show, and Mystic Manor. In Mystic Manor you watch a short film clip about Lord Mystic and his monkey Albert, then you board small cars and are transported through the manor in which you see Albert the monkey open a magical box that brings everything inside the house manor to life. Our favourite ride was the Space Mountain rollercoaster ride. If you like rollercoasters, I recommend that ride. The highlight of the day for me was the spectacular fireworks show at the end, just before the park closes. We didn't manage to get photos with any of the Disney characters as there were always long lines waiting for photos with them. We had a fantastic time here, it's a whole day of fun for the whole family.
Most of the rides were shut down for around 2 hours due to the threat of lightening, which made it very boring and very little to do. Size quite small and not as fun as Tokyo
We thought taking our 2 years old boy to the Disneyland would be not so much fun, but, we were mistaken! Our son loved it. We went on the rides that were mild and fun enough for him and he enjoyed them very much.We had lunch there, a bit pricey, but it's disney, so    it's not a shocker! The food was delicious and in big portions.The only thing that was wearing us down was the weather and that's not disney's fault! It was so hot and humid that day and, since we went on Sunday AND Summer holiday time, we had to queue most of the time. Some rides were reasonable, some rides were really popular and longer than others.Overal, Hong Kong disneyland is much smaller than the Paris one. Walking from one land to the other is not so tiring.Toilets were clean, drinking water taps were almost everywhere there's toilet, the staffs were useful and strictly awesome (I've seen them telling those people who were trying to cut the lines to go to the end of the queue!).
Went with my four year old in mid summer. This was our 2nd Disneyland experience together. I expected long queues but they all seemed to move relatively quickly in the heat. Great layout with lots of both indoor and outdoor rides for kids. Given its small size was very crowded with many mainland tour groups present. We both had a great time but other Disneyland's are better both for shopping and variety of rides. Great buggy parking and very clean restroom facilities
It's my first time to a Disneyland. I would say the rides are more family oriented, not giving me much excitements for the theme rides. Nonetheless it's worth a visit for families and couples looking for a day to spend their time. Do go there during spring or autumn, as the summer sun is unforgiving.
Disneyland is a great place to spend the day. There's so many rides and things to do that you can easily spend a full day out.
Went with my 10yrs old daughter and most of the stuff there is good for kids below 7yrs.overall very nice and my kiddo enjoyed it a lot......only issue is there is a timing for the characters who roam around which is not right as all kids want to take photos with them.They should be roaming around all the time as this park is mainly for kids.The mickey show was awesome....check timings of the shows as soon as you enter and plan your trip accordingly.......The metro to disney is also very nice
this Disneyland had a nice mix of rides. there are many people who say that is a very small Disneyland for kids but I didn't find this to be the caseGrizzly gulch, RC racer, space mountain are great thrill rides. grizzly gulch is a great ground hugging coaster with great elements and storyRC racer is a great ride with lots of air time for a compact ride, don't under estimate itspace mountain was its usual thrilling self with lot of effectsmy favourite ride was mystic manor, the story was really interesting and the ride had amazing effects and timing they really made it come to life, its one of the best themed rides I've ever been onthere is the usual Disney staple rides like small world, autotopia, river cruise, mad hatters tea cupsall the lands are very well themed as standard by Disney and the toy story play land is the epitome of this. it is a very immersive with lots of detail even in things like the structure of the shops, there's lots to spotthe end of the night firework show is spectacular and worth staying the whole day for
My children love it, and so does my wife and I. Can get very busy especially during holiday times, so avoid when its Golden week in China. If you have been to other Disneyland's, it very similar but each one has their unique parks such as Toy Story land in HK. Eating within the park is very expensive so can drinks, so if possible, grab as much as you can before you make your way there as the nearest mall is at Tung Chung MTR or Tsing YI MTR stations.
We spent 2 days at the HK Disneyland with our 6 six year old son. We heard so many friends advising us that this place is small can we can finish it in 3 hrs! That's not true if you want to take all the rides and take your time to soak in the Disney atmosphere. We arrived at 3pm day one. Watched the parade, took some rides, have some snacks and watched the fireworks display.We stayed at the Disney Hollywood hotel and day two started earlier at 10 am plus. We took almost all the rides except one which our son did not meet the height requirement. For the rides we enjoyed, we queue and took a second time. Average queue time is 30 45 mins on a weekday in June. Our only complaint would be the temperature! It's a whopping 33degrees Celsius in June and there is not many area with shelters especially if your are walking from one zone to another. Drinks and ice Popsicle is great but is not cheap! We finished at 4pm day two and went back to soak in the pool at the hotel which is great for the boy as Goofy was there to entertain a while. Overall we had fun as a family and it would be even better taking 10 degrees off the temperature! I
Went there with my wife on early spring 2014, where the weather is still cold. Had a good time there eventhough only a handful of rides are quite suitable for adults. The others are merry go round level of rides. Don't miss the Flight of Fantasy parade and the fireworks closing in the evening, it's a must see in HK Disneyland. Tickets could be a bit expensive, but it's quite worth your time here (if it's not too crowded). For me personally, it's more fun at the HK Ocean Park, as it has a more  grownups  attractions. In anyway, both has its own specialty.
They are rude and loud. Eat anything anywhere. I am a Chinese too but just can not understand how they can be this bad. If you have young kid then it is not a place for your family. You really don't want your kid to see or learn anything there.
The wide promenade leading to the park entrance is very grand and impressive with a large Disney water feature and impeccably manicured hedges and gardens. We arrived not long after opening time on a weekday and were able to purchase tickets very quickly without having to queue. Entry to the park was also fast & efficient. Once inside, the park was equally impressive and impeccably clean, manicured and maintained. There were long queues for all rides, however, these moved relatively quickly. The downside of this was that the rides are quite short, approximately 1.5 to 2 minutes in duration   this would potentially change depending on visitor numbers. There is a large variety of rides and activities catering for all ages. There are plenty of well stocked and organised souvenir outlets and numerous food outlets catering for different food styles i.e. Asian, Western etc. If you forget to buy a certain souvenir, or lose an already purchased one, there is a Disney Shop at Hong Kong International Airport. We spent the entire day at the park, leaving at closing time (2100), and we still hadn't seen the entire park! Disneyland has it's own special Disney themed train which operates from the resort to a station on the main line where you transfer to the normal train. The rail system is easy to use and can get you to & from Disneyland relatively quickly, although it does get very busy during peak times. There is also a taxi stand a little further on from the train station. Entry fees, souvenir & food drink prices were consistent with similar theme parks and major tourist destinations in other countries   but certainly not exorbitant. The kids had a great day, which made it all worth while for me. The best part for me was giving the kids the experience of watching the firework show over the Disney Castle at the end of the day. My children will cherish these memories for ever!
This place is to small to called disneyland,compare to japan and florida...the attraction and the ride to little,they don't even have 4D yet.
Be very careful to check if there is a typhoon warning 3 or above as they will close all outdoor rides. Even the ones undercover like teacups, carousel etc. The day we went there was no sign outside nor did the ticket office warn us that since there was a warning of a typhoon this would happen. There was light showers and little to no wind and long moments of blue skies but that did not mean they wouldn't close the rides. We were baffled. The actual typhoon hit around 8pm but they closed the rides 6 hrs earlier than that. With modern technology there is no need for that. Anyone with a smart phone can see the front coming in. This closure meant that every single ride in toy story land was closed. Every single one. The one ride in glitter gulch was closed as well. The river rafts, tarzans tree house closed. Autopia, UFO ride, dumbo closed. The staff really are not efficient and I saw one smile all day. The line for the lion king show is like a football riot. They have a large area that funnels into a smaller area. The pushing and shoving is pretty ridiculous. Just be near the front. Someone said this is cheap. Yes it is by disneyland standards. But it's very small. We rode 5 different rides and we were there from 11 9pm. Also do not eat close to 9pm. They pretty much stop cooking at about 7:30pm. Our burgers and fries were stone cold and my wife and daughters food was also. We had fun but make sure you do your research. It's tough to find out whether a typhoon is coming using the internet so try and find a reliable weather source before you head out.
the kids and adults, all, will have a great time. take a couple of days to really go through all of it in slow pace!
Our kids had a good time especially enjoyed the mickey show and the rides.  Not many options for adults though. Food options are many but expensive. Lines are long so remember to carry a cap and sunscreen
No doubt a lot of people would find the prospect of a day with the Mouse and pals less than enticing. OK, I get it, but if you have kids, take the excuse and just go. The queues for rides can be long, but if you're happy to sit with a starenger, take the single rider line and get there a lot quicker. It's a great day out tfor the family. I spent 9 hours there with my family (daughter 10 and 8) and we had a ball. There are plenty of cool drinks available when its hot, plenty of seats for a quick break and enough diversity in the attractions to keep it interesting. In July, it was hot and steamy, but with some sunscreen, appropriate dress and plenty of cool water you can still enjoy the slightly franctic nature of it all. Way better than Ocean Park in my view....and cheaper.
Compared to other DL this one is cheap.  It is small but fun and adventurous!  You are not exhausted after a day here.  Refreshed and satisfied!  Lots to see and do.  Don't miss it!!!
Great size because you 'can do it in a day', and that is all you need! It was just big enough for my young primary school age child to enjoy the day and choose his main rides he wanted to go on. Don't feel the need to visit the bigger versions now!!The 30 plus degree heat is hard going when you are queuing so make sure you have plenty of water with you. The heat made us lose our appetite so we didn't have lunch there, just kept drinking the bottled water!We got there using the MTR from Mongkok. It's so easy, cheap and hassle free to use.
I took my kids to Disney HK as i had promised them. I felt like a kid when i went with them to Disney. I was happy and excited with almost all attractions. I need to specifically mention  Its a small world after all  attraction, I became a little kid in there.
You hear   'you can do that in a day' , 'it's not as good as Anaheim' , 'it's quite small'   well to those naysayers, myself, my wife and nearly 3 year old daughter from Melbourne, Australia absolutely loved Hong Kong Disneyland. Yes it was our first 'family Disneyland' experience. My wife had been to Anaheim before, however we both agreed that Hong Kong Disney was as good if not better than the original. We got there and went straight to fantasyland, as that is where you will see all the original Disney characters, along with the famous teacups and Disney carousel. We had photos with Winnie the poo, mickey, Minnie and sleeping beauty. We had purchased a two day pass which was well worth it as we stayed in the park from 10 until 3pm on the first day, we came back to see the unmissable fireworks at 9pm, (an absolute must do). We felt we did not need to rush through the entire park as on the second day we spent most of the time in adventureland, watching lion king show and riding the minecars. Food is well priced and on par with what you get outside of the resort. A tip, it's a little cheaper to eat outdoors and not in the food halls (can add up for a family). It was 35 degrees both days we were there, with 98% humidity, so take plenty of water and sunscreen in the summer months as there is not a lot of cover from the heat. Perhaps an umbrella would come in handy to get you away from the heat. We had our daughter in her pram, we took our own, but you can hire them at the resort. The park is pram friendly. Overall, a magical experience, which was highlighted as we also stayed at the disney's Hollywood hotel, 2 mins bus ride from the park. A must do for families in Hong Kong, or even on the way elsewhere.
We arrived from Hong Kong Island via MTR from Hong Kong station and changed onto the Disney Train. A tip would be to purchase your tickets before you arrive, either online or at the basement of the Hong Kong train station. This was my first visit to a Disneyland, so on entry I turned into a big kid when I saw the characters. There park is well laid out and you can use Fast Pass on two of the rides: Space Mountain and Winnie the Pooh. Space mountain is a great ride for adults and older kids. Winnie the Pooh is 100% for the small children. We enjoyed seeing all of the characters and the architecture to make the place Disney. Unfortunately around lunchtime there was a warning of thunderstorms so all outside rides were closed, this is the majority of them, plus the parades. This meant the queues for the inside rides were well over 90 minutes. I understand the need for health and safety but there was no wind, a little rain, no lightening and mainly patchy cloud   yet the rides were closed. Not that they would, but if Disney set up in the UK they would close the rides more than they would open them as our weather is like this most of the time and I have often sat on a roller coaster in the pouring rain. Such a shame and left a bitter taste in the mouth when we left as we couldn't go on a couple of the rides. There is also an issue with the clientele that the area attracts. They either do not understand or just don't not have manors to be able to queue and wait their turn. We had one family member in front of us queuing and when they got to the front they called their family, of 9 members, and tried to push in from of us. Oh no you don't! Needless to say they stayed behind us after a few strong words and arm waving. This happened countless times with almost stampede like scenes when entering the Lion King and Mickey music show. Watch your feet as they will be trampled!!Overall worth a visit but make sure you check the weather, be prepared to queue, be prepared for people who are rude and push in and highlight the rides you want to go on. Our stand outs were: Space Mountain, Buzz Lightyear, Lion King and Toy Story race car.
Loved every single minute of our time there, I think I was more upset than the kids when we left.  Can't fault it at all, tremendous,
We spent two whole days at Hong Kong Disneyland a couple of weeks ago and it was two of the most fun filled days we have ever had. It was our first visit to a Disneyland and I had heard that the Hong Kong version was quite small compared to the others in America, Japan and France so I wasn't quite sure what to expect. But we were blown away. Our first day there was pretty hot but even that couldn't dampen our spirits. Whilst there aren't a huge amount of thrill rides for older children and adults, the rides they do currently have are pretty damn good. Space mountain, Grizzly Gulch and Mystic Manor are worth the admission price on their own, and then there are other attractions like Stitch Encounter, 4d show Philharmagic, and other highly enjoyable shows like The Golden Mickeys and The Festival of the Lion King(which was brilliant).The queues were fairly long for the more popular rides, but they move pretty quickly and rarely was our wait as long as what was advertised outside the attraction and there is plenty of shade and large fans to keep people lining up cool.The food we ate at the park was very good by amusement park standards and fairly well priced, and the the park's staff were very friendly and helpful. Organisation at the park is extremely good and all the staff know exactly what they're doing so as to keep things flowing and minimise wait times as much as possible.Walking around the park(which smells like waffles in most areas) is truly a magical experience. Toy Story Land is beautiful to look at. Our daughter is almost 15 but she felt like a little kid again, as did we, especially when we watched the spectacular fireworks display that closes the park each night.Two full days was plenty of time to spend at the park but we loved every minute of our time there and can't wait to go again, particularly when they've completed the Iron Man experience.If Hong Kong is the least interesting of the Disney Parks, then we can only imagine how awesome the others must be because we had a ball. Tokyo Disneyland is hopefully next on my list but we wouldn't hesitate to visit HKDL again.
I visited Hongkong Disneyland several weeks ago, but since my kids are below 4 years, I thought it's not worth to get in. So, we planned to visit but not buying tickets for entrance.Ok, we arrived at the station that connected with train to the park. Well, the train tickets costs quite a lot, around 28 HKD maybe I do not really remember. How we love to be in that train which all about Mickey, the window shape, the hand holder, and there are Disney's characters statue too on every corner of the compartment. We started to feel so Disney. We reached the station, still felt so Disney because within several steps we easily reached the welcome gate with Mickey statue on it.... Strolling along the way, and we reached a big fountain with whale and again Mickey on it, still excited and felt so Disney, until my eyes reached the sight of crowds, which was the mass of people queueing at the ticket gate... Our Disney feeling dropped drastically!  Is that all?  we asked each other... Come on, don't wish for Mickey and friends to get out, we cannot even see the castle or anything. And almost no food stalls around outside the ticket gate. That was real just it!If I knew it before, I wouldn't go out of the train station to save my Octopus balance...
My daughter (14) and I visited Hong Kong Disneyland last week. This was to be her birthday treat. It was a very unpleasant day due to the heat and crowds. There was no evidence of the Disney magic as crowds of people sweated it out in queues of up to 50 mins waiting for rides. There is inadequate rides and facilities which are air conditioned. Space Mountain was good and Mystic Manor was worthwhile but the rest was not worth the effort of standing in 30  temp waiting in line. I don't know why they don't rethink the queuing areas and air condition where possible. We arrived at 10am (opening time) and already it was over 30 degrees. In summer, why don't they have an earlier opening time of 8.30am before the heat gets too bad?I had read on trip advisor that many rides are more suited to younger years and that's true. I am very pleased that we didn't take our 15 year old son. To summarise, this particular Disneyland is just a theme park for children 12 and under with rides that happen to have a Disney theme. It is aimed at locals who may not have the opportunity to travel abroad and witness the real Disney magic.
Spent the day at Hong Kong Disneyland and despite the rainy morning, it was a lovely day! Although it was smaller than the US Disneyland and much smaller than Disney World in Orlando, it was just as magical. It may not have the same amount of rides, it was just as fun and a wonderful escape from the hustle and bustle of the city. Highly recommend spending the day!
Here you get everything you expected from Disneyland including the full works of some of the culturally challenged China nationals, common problem in most touristy area.Disneyland is great. The last time I been to one was 15 years ago in Florida. The same old traditional shows is Disneyland is still there yet many newer productions. Very clean and well maintained. Would have been better if the staff do manage problem tourists and prevent queue cutting.Other than that, July is a hot month to be in Disneyland... better of spring or fall.Btw, Ironman will be available tentatively in 2016, if you can wait that long... :)
We went to Disneyland HK on June 27, 2014. Very hot day. Very crowded. We have to wait 15min to enter the entrance. We have to wait min 40min for 1 ride. Expensive food and drinks.
Not to miss, whether you're 7, 17 or 70! Whilst not as famous as the ones in the States, HK Disneyland is great for a day escape from modern city splendor. Fireworks are frequent along with the character parades. You will probably be able to go on the rides more than once
So I though Disneyland is place for Children and what will I do there, to my surprise I loved every moment of it. We entered when the parade was on, we were lucky to see the parade it was mesmerizing and beautiful. Everything was awesome.Tip 1: Dont miss the evening shows, they are unbelievably good.Tip 2: Try and not buy anything from there, its very expensive.Overall this place will get the child out of an adult. I am sure this place is for all age group
I've been to Hong Kong Disneyland on christmas of 2009 and early December of 2013. The second visit was not as crowded as first visit. The weather was good!We started from Grizzly Gulch (Runaway Mine Cars)   Mystic Point (Mystic Manor)   Fantasyland (Mickey Philharmagic & It's a small world)   Flights of Fantasy Parade (The best viewing location is in front of Sleeping Beauty Castle)   Adventureland (Tarzan's Tree House)   Tomorrowland (Space Mountain)   Fantasyland (The Golden Mickey)   Disneyland in the Stars Fireworks ((The best viewing location is in front of Sleeping Beauty Castle). We played Runaway Mine Cars and Mystic Point twice. It's a MUST! Tips: Try start from the left hand side of the park, at least you could skip the long queue of Runaway Mine Cars and Mystic Manor. And if you want to skip the long queue, try to avoid the weekend, public and school holiday.
I made my way here by train which is easily sign posted. You will have to switch trains at Sunny Bank station but the Disneyland train is right across the platform. If you have been to any of the Anaheim, Paris or Tokyo Disney parks, this one is very similar but on a smaller scale. I went on a particularly hot day so have lots of water and a fan. Be prepared for long waits in lines: for rides, for food, for restrooms, for water (you get the idea). Also, heaps of people trying to push in which is particularly annoying on a hot day and you have someone trying to push past you. Just stand your ground   I tried to play nice and be courteous but by the end of the day I was stopping small children in their path to pushing in front of me. There are only two rides that have fast pass (which was a little disappointing). Word to the wise: if the ride has solo riders, line up there. The line for solo riders was only 1 3   1 2 the wait time of the other line. I felt a little let down because I have been to be other parks but it would still be great for first timers or families. The staff were still great, the magic is still there and it is still Disneyland but just be aware and you can still have a great time :)
It is best place but park is not very big if compared with Paris. Try to buy 2 days ticket and defiantly you will enjoy.
We enjoyed our day at disneyland Hong Kong. We didn't think it was too overpriced. Downfall was that it was so hot and not enough shaded places out of the sun. Otherwise great fun
Reaching Disneyland Hong Kong was easy through the MTR. Wherever you are in Hong Kong through the MTR you get off at Sunny Bay and then on to the pink line to Disneyland.This Disneyland is very small compared to the ones in Anaheim and Disney World in Orlando (I have never been to those in Tokyo or Paris).I always describe my visit to Disney either in Anaheim or Orlando as a Prozac pill that will last me for a year. So in accordance, believing in the magic of Disney I thought this will apply to Disneyland Hong Kong. I visited the park on the 14th of July 2014 and it was hot, not hotter than Orlando, but for the life of me I do not know why I couldn   t tolerate the heat.The people there were loud, cut lines and had the most undisciplined children ever.The stands that offer ice cream, popcorn or cotton candy also had dried squid that smelled awful. And guess what? People actually bought that dried squid and ate them and fed them to their kids leaving a disgusting smell during waiting lines. We went to Disney Hong Kong as couple, my husband and I, we tried to stay tolerant but after an hour and half in to the park I wanted to leave. I was so looking forward to the fireworks but I got a massive headache from all the loud speaking people there. Either they were hard of hearing or I had sensitive ears. I did not experience the magic of Disney. I need a do over.
I live in Hong Kong, have a 3 year old princess obsessed daughter and we have annual passes. We always have a good time, but tend to only stay 3 4 hours in one go. There are a lot of great rides for young children, not tried the bigger adult rides, but there are only a handful. The staff are young, pleasant and very organised. Obviously expect to queue and avoid Chinese holiday periods if you don't want to exacerbate the queueing experience. Things can get a bit pushy at times, but take your patience with you and its worth it. Its worth going in the evening at about 4pm onwards, queues are shorter, looks pretty at night and the fireworks are good. I haven;t been to any of the other Disney parks and would stay a mile away if it wasn't for my daughter, but it is a magical place as the marketing goes and worth a day trip if you have more than a few days in Hong Kong.
colorful and beautiful place, many creative area, variety of games that not only kids can join. highly recommend!
I went on a Saturday around mid afternoon, it wasn't as packed. The worst time to go is apparently during holidays in Mainland China when it is very packed. The size of the park is perfect for a day trip. I managed to catch a parade twice, saw the fireworks as the park closed and did not have to queue for ages for each of the rides. I even met Woody and Prospector Mickey & Minnie Mouse. Saw 'Its a Small Small World', and bought a lot of expensive Disney stuff.Take your own water bottles and food if you dont want to spend on the food there. Also, I dont think there are lockers so dont bring a lot of things with you.
Disney HK is probably the smallest Disneyland in the world and it's not as crowded as other Disneyland. We covered most of the rides in one day and that includes watching the entertaining musical shows. We went around early Dec when weather was just nice and cool. It gets warms up during mid day till afternoon and cool again in the evening so get ready a sweater (handy esp at night) if you travel around Dec. I was a bit surprised that every visitor to the park had to have their bags checked before going in. At first I thought the staff were checking if we brought anything dangerous. But at the end, found out that they just wanted to make sure we didn't bring any food or drinks from outside to the park (read: Another way to milk more $ off their visitors!)  We skipped the long queues to have photos taken with the Disney characters since we had lots from breakfast with the Disney characters at Hong Kong Disneyland hotel. We had a copy of the Disneyland map from the hotel so we already planned which rides we wanted to cover. We headed straight to the Small World ride and worked our way from there. There was no queue at the Small World and spinning teacup ride and queues at the other rides were not too bad   probably 5 10mins wait. Toy Story land wasn't that interesting so if you have limited time, you can give this a skip. The food in Disney HK is horrible and expensive! But then again, you don't have much choice. We thought we'd get a taste of decent Hong Kong food at Plaza Inn or Comet Cafe but it was not to be. Foods was tasteless and dim sum (hosted by Maxim which is quite a famous food chain in HK but not the best) wasn't that great and pricey. My friend from HK tells me that Disneyland is for making money and not for good food. If you want good Cantonese food, visit the local places around HK.The shows are a must see! Especially the ones staged nearby the small world ride. If it wasn't because we were tired and looking for a place to rest, we'd probably miss this. All the main disney characters and princesses sang and performed. It was really good and the kids thoroughly enjoyed it. Overall, this is one of those places I'd visit once in a lifetime. I'm quite glad we got to go on most of the rides (as opposed to having to wait in long, long queues for eg. in Disneyland Anaheim). Although it is much smaller compared to the other Disneyland, I think the size is just nice if you have young kids (9 yrs and below) traveling with you. My kids would give it 5 stars! I'd settle between 3 & 4 stars cos it's expensive,not as much variety compared to bigger Disneylands and food is terrible!
The theme park is big with lots of rides but you will have to wait for a long time before you can ride bec. of long line specially during holidays. Better go there during Mondays to Thursdays. Food availability is good ranging from Chinese, Western, Malays, Indian ,etc. They also have food carts selling hotdogs, corn, waffles, chicken and turkey legs ,ice cream, popcorn, assorted drinks. They also have 2 hotels inside the park. Very convenient for family with young children
Went during Chinese New Year and the crowd was terrible. It was full with tourists from China. It took me more than an hour just to take photo with Minnie. We have to queue at least an hour before the show started. Disneyland itself is good and well maintained but our timing was wrong. Food and drink there are expensive. We didn't stay for the fireworks because of the horrible crowd.
We visited in 2009 and we were thrilled with the park. We visited in February and we felt like we had the park to ourselves. No lines and they have us the next day free. It was the only trip to a Disney Park where I felt like I did not have to hold my kids' hands constantly. The view of Snow White's castle with the mountains behind it is gorgeous.
The parade and fireworks are worth while to see.The facilities here are not attractive, cute or fun as Disneyland California, only a few duplicated facilities as California one. I guess that's reason why.Most of the food meals restaurants of amusement parks are expensive and distasteful. The food and meals of restaurants in Disneyland HK are delicious, that surprised me.If you wanna visiting Disneyland in an economy way, and do not hate hot humid weather, I'd recommend you to visit here.
As a Globetrotter front the UK and someone who loves Disney and been to all the American and French Disney's, I cannot say enough about this one, it will simply blow your socks off. The number one thing about this Disney, is its look and feel, the Victorian Hotel, the landscaping (the smell of the trees and flowers in perfect weather), the cleanliness, (you can walk from your hotel to the entrance without your shoes!!), the musical background of the best Disney songs and of course the amazing people who work there. They have wonderful costumes to put you in the Disney mood, they are super polite and very kind natured. I found the Hong Kong crowd one of the most hospitable and well mannered on the Planet. Hong Kong Disney is neat, clean, orderly, welcoming and beautifully maintained. We had the most wonderful time for 3 full days and then we returned for more! The experience is only complete if you stay at the Victorian Disney Hotel, which is a jaw dropper from architectural point of view! Forget Orlando, forget Anaheim, GO TO DISNEY PROPERLY in style in HONG KONG. Once in a lifetime must!
You have to explore every single corner of this place. I love the buildings and facilities so much. You should put it at your top list when you're visiting Hong Kong.You can reach this place by MTR from Tung Chung Line ( Orange Line ) to Sunny Bay Station ( Pink Line ). After you arrived at Sunny Bay Station, just follow the sign to Disneyland resort. Prepare your camera while you're waiting for the train to Disneyland because they have their own train which is very unique. The window's shape of the train is Mickey Mouse head. The interior of the train also very awesome and cute. So, you gonna spend your time on the train by taking pictures. After that you're going to have a quiet long walk to the entrance, but I bet you wont get bored!Dont forget to take the map because you can see the time schedule of the shows from there. There is a good place to have a lunch which located at the corner of Main Street. But the price of the dishes are pretty expensive, so maybe you can skip this one.The most favourite show is the Lion King Show. This is one of the most awesome show in this place but you have to deal with such a long queue ( it's worth it anyway ). Too bad that they mixed English and Cantonese Languages on the show. I found it a little bit annoying since I dont understand Cantonese Language. But overall, it was a nice show and you will have a wonderful time in there.They also do the characters parade where almost all the Disney's characters greet you all on the street. If you bring your kids, you shouldnt miss this one. Some tips maybe you have to arrived at the Main Street earlier to stand on a good spot. Also you may bring hat or umbrella because it's so hot out there.The final surprise is the fireworks. They do this everyday, every night. Dont miss it! Because it will be such a missing piece if you missed the fireworks. Again, come earlier to have a good spot for recording a video or taking pictures. You may find it bored while waiting for the fireworks begin, but it's worth to wait especially for children. Anyway, I suggest you to see the weather forecast before you visit Disneyland because I failed to enjoy my time once because it was raining. Such a waste of money because they close some attractions and I missed the firework show.
This place was like mini Disney when compared to DisneyWorld in Florida. Cinderella's castle was about 1 3 the size. The entire park was about 1 4 the size. Less rides, etc. Good news was that the tickets were a lot less as well. I think they were $50 55 compared to $100 in the US. If you've never been to a Disney park, you'll like it. If you are from Florida (ahem) and have been to DisneyWorld, especially more than once, skip it because you'll be disappointed.
We had a great time at Hong Kong Disneyland. It started off on the Disney train from Sunny Bay which was a great experience.We only had a day and did not see everything. Even though it is smaller than other Disneyworlds, I think you should allow two days at least. Crowds were small although it did start getting busier after about 3pm. I think a lot of people come for the grand parade and stay for the fireworks. We got there at opening and left after the grand parade.Queues were no problem and we hardly had any waiting time before rides. Everything was clean and well maintained. Food from the shops were reasonably priced and quite good. The characters spoke english and we had no problems in that regards. (I was worried about explaining a chinese speaking Snow White to my granddaughter).There seemed to be more shops than at the Tokyo Disneyland but their air conditioning was a welcome reflief from the humidity.Our granddaughter had a great time, so we did too. It was fun seeing Disneyland through a 4 yo's eyes. Magical!
I have visited the Hong Kong Disneyland multiple times and to me, everything has always stayed as 'fairly good'. My family and I always chose to take the MTR for not only it is cheaper than taking a cab there, but we'd get to ride the Disney 'monorail' which has Mickey shaped windows and handles, some statues of characters as well as comfortable couch seats (of course it is quite different to the one in Anaheim and Orlando by exterior and maybe interior if I'm not mistaken). We've been to the park both during vacation season and not, but our recent was during Vacation.Firstly, we realized was that it was slightly overcrowded than usually (which is always peaceful and literally a no wait for rides during off vacation season) People were slightly pushing but I cannot complain much about that since it's, I would think, the same in every theme park. When we got to the gates, the lines were not long and the cast members were welcoming. Usually in the mornings, there will be Mickey and Minnie just outside of the City Hall for meet and greets; ALTHOUGH, I highly recommend you to skip that and go on straight to the rides: they can be found again at the Characters garden which you can also meet Mickey's other pals. Don't waste your time at the beginning of the day.Secondly, this is a little trick I always use when visiting the Disneyland parks. People would often go and head on over through Cinderella's castle and go straight to Magic Kingdom; therefore, instead of going straight through the park, head on over to either Adventure land first OR Tomorrowland. The rides in those areas would often be shorter earlier due to people going straight to MK. In addition, while you're at Tomorrowland, quickly grab fast passes for the group for Space Mountain. The line for that fills up quickly as it's one of the most popular rides. If not all the party wants to go on, use their tickets to get fast passes anyways and you will be able to use it instead (ONLY DO THIS IF THEY DONT PLAN ON GETTING FAST PASSES FOR OTHER RIDES) Fast Passes really helps your day on getting on rides, but there are certain ones that don't support Fast Passes such as Autopia and the Famous Spinning tea cups.Lunch time? Take a walk down Main Street USA and find a little food corner where you can get some grub. YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED TO BRING FOOD INTO DISNEYLAND UNLESS THEY ARE LIGHT BIGHTS SUCH AS COOKIES AND CRACKERS. Which is a slight bummer because the foods inside are slightly pricey. I recommend getting the famous Turkey leg. It is totally worth it. It's pretty big for a child or if you're not that hungry, but if you are, you will definitely finish it. The food corner is located next to the bakery which you might want to visit for desserts. After your meal, it's also a great time to go shopping for souvenirs. If you are staying at the resort, you can most likely get it sent to the hotel, otherwise, if you don't want to go shopping now, the souvenir shops close later than the park closing time, so if you would rather go after park hours, you are more than welcome to do so (although, it could be pretty crowded). Finally, those printed photos from Disney are PRETTY expensive. I've only gotten a couple of those pictures on my first visit. Never getting those again as they are overpriced. If you don't really need those printed photos, don't get them. Bring your own camera and you can always photoshop them so they'll look like the parks photos (;Overall, Disneyland is always a wonderful place to visit w  friends and family and I'd go back there any day.
Disneyland is a dream of all kids. My kids loved it. It smaller than the US disney, but a lot to see and enjoy. You need the whole day. Plan your route very well, otherwise the time will end   you will get tired and you did not see it all.
Went in May 2014 with partner, two young girls and two grandparents. Had a wonderful time, crowds were small and hardly queued for a ride. Prices are very fair. Layout is great and we took our time and did it over two days. Everyone had a magical time, all rides very accessible and it is a great place to visit.
Much smaller than Disneyland in Anaheim which meant that you could easily cover it in a day. There were a few unique activities rides in Hong Kong Disney that I really enjoyed. 'The Golden Mickeys' is definitely worth the queue.In my opinion, Hong Kong Disney is better than Euro Disney.
This place is usually packed with people. But it is great fun for the family where there are tons of things to see and do. There are lots of shows and cartoon characters taking pictures with you.Will go there when my kids are older.
I truly is a magical place, especially as a child I enjoyed the merry go round, taking photos with Mickey Mouse, and eating Mickey Mouse waffles and Mickey Mouse ice cream. The expansion (Toy Story Land, Grizzly Gulch, Mystic Point) add more magic to an already magical place. My favourite rides would have to be Space Mountain, Racing Mine Cars (Grizzly Gulch Roller coaster) and Mystic Manor, which is extremely clever. Even now, I still enjoy going to Disneyland and riding the rides.
I visited this place in June 2014, its worth it  to spend a whole day. even the shows are also nice,   going with family then kids will enjoy at lot.
Start the day early because for everything there are long queue .....but it's worth to wait for...say it be rides,The mickey show,the shops or the caf  s ....totally awesome.outside eatables not allowed inside.....We had a two day pass for disneyland but being with 2 small kids I think two days were less to be there in such a nice place...do wait till 8:00 pm for the fireworks as they were amazing
Small but cute. It's not a must see for Americans unless you want to collect Hong Kong Disney souvenirs. I really enjoyed the Lion King and Mystic Manir attractions. The contestant line jumping of mail and China visitors was VERY IRRITATING! The sit down fried rice meal I ordered w  oyster sauce was slimy : (. If you want discounts really go through every store. I came across shirts marked 50 70% off and 10% off gift shop items before noon (early bird rate).
Live in HK. American relatives visiting so we just had to celebrate USA Independence Day at Disney... in an ex British Colony ... with Chinese fireworks! Entrance HK$450 per adult. A great day although extremely hot... so was not worth buying the 4 meal day food combo in such blistering heat. Just not that hungry. Water HK$25 a bottle, but you can refill at water fountains at every toilet block. All rides great fun, some a little twee. Recommend Grizzly Gulch Mountain Runaway train ride, Space Mountain, Toy Story car RC Racer, Its A Small World (well, you have to do it at each Disney!), Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters, Festival of the Lion King Show (why don't they let you wait in the air conditioned theatre, instead of outside??) and the Disney Parade. The fireworks set to music were also well worth the wait ... with Disney cartoons projected onto the Castle. Burger, chips & coke at the Royal Banquet Hall was good. Meeting the Disney characters in the Fantasy Gardens was fun and queues were only about 15 mins at 6pm. Lots of opportunities with professional photographers around the park. Get a Disney Photopass from them and view photos later... but you do have to view before midnight if you want to buy any or they are wiped from website. Pick up a park guide plus a Times Guide for all the show times. We didn't bother with a Fastpass either. I wouldn't go again, but it is definitely worth doing once for the experience!
Went there with family expecting to find that fun, kiddie friendly theme park and was so disappointed when i saw that most of the people there were grandpa's acting like kids... There were no kids, or teens, or young people. It was sad really.
A magical place! You would want to repeat each attraction you visit but hold your self because you know there so much more to see on the next!Among my favorites are the  festival of the lion king ,  jungle river cruise ,  mystic manor ,  mickey's phillharmonic ,  the golden mickey ,   stitch encounter  ,  buzz astroblaster ,  grizzly mine cars  &  space mountain . Ofcourse, the grand parade & the fireworks display is worth the wait. Don't forget to take pictures with you're favorite character, some of them would be at the fantasy garden waiting for you.Make sure to grab a map & event schedule at the entrance to know where and when things happen. This would help you organized & see everything you want, from shows to photo opt with yours favorite disney character. Also, know the use of fastpass. This could help you yo save your time.
I visited Hong Kond Disney 1 13 2014, I am a big fan of the Disney Parks and I enjoyed this park very much. Yes the park is much smaller than the parks in Florida and California but it lives up to the Disney reputation. The rides, shops, food and shows were great. The Lion King Show was very nice but a bit different then in the States but it was enjoyable. I love the parades at Disney and I was not disappointed with the parade at Hong Kong Disney.We took the subway from our hotel. Of course Disney has its on train that enters into the park.If you are a Disney fan, go and enjoy yourself, I did!
Start the day early and wait till 8'pm for the fireworks display..  Liked the lion king drama and the 3 D movie
We love Disneyland Hong Kong. This Disney resort is small enough to navigate with young kids. It's not as crowded as the other Disneys. In fact, my kids were able to go on the Space Mountain ride 7 times since there was no line when we went. Same with the other popular rides on here. Would definitely go again!
                         MTR                                      Sunny Bay                                   MTR Disneyland Resort Line (                                                             Disneyland)                          Hong Kong Disneyland                                      Hong Kong Disneyland                                                                                                                                                                                                                          (                                                          Hong Kong Disneyland Railroad)                                  Main Street USA. (                                                                                                                      X                                                    Tomorrowland                                   Fast Pass Space Mountain                                                  Fast Pass                                                                                   Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters                                                                                               Tokyo Disneyland          (                                                      )                                                                                                                                               Buzz Lightyear                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Space Mountain                                                                                                                           Fast Pass                                                                                                                                                                                                             Space Mountain                                                        Fantasyland                    Small World             (                                                                     )                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Hong Kong Disneyland                                                                                                                        Tokyo Disneyland                                                                                                                          Adventureland          Toy Story Land                                                                        Hong Kong Disneyland                                                             Mystic Manor                 Mystic Point                                               Hong Kong Disneyland                                                                                Mystic Manor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Grizzly Gulch                                                                                                                                                                          Fastival of the Lion King                                                                                                                                                                                                           Lion King           2                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh                                      Fantasyland                          Fast Pass                                                              Honey For Pooh                                                                                                                                                                                                      Fast Pass
not worth the time. I don't really mind if most of the rides are for kids but most of the employees are rude. They make an international company like Disney to have a bad reputation. I don't know if disney trained them that way or HK disneyland has a deteriorating service. Surely, I will not go back even if I have kids. Waste of money. even the food is ordinary.
The fun start from the train. The special train with Mickey's design and photos etc in the train to Disneyland created the excitement before we reach there. It was hot and sunny day when we travel there (the only 1 day no rain within 1 week travel in Hong Kong).We didnt bring any umbrella there as we do not expect so hot that day. But you can easily get such essentials anywhere within the Theme Park. As I travel with young kids (6 and 3), we tried everything that they could try.It rain in the evening around 6 7pm. But the rain stop just right before the fireworks at 8 9pm. I think we are lucky. Kids are happy and tired.
Though weather was very hot and humid outside, it was a gr8 outing for the family. The various rides were very thrilling and the AC inside was very effective. Its a large area and one would struggle to cover it in a day. Plan for at least 2 days to allow sufficient time for your kids to enjoy the experience. Though expensive, it is worth it.
God, I love this place! It's such an amazing amusement park that you can spend hours in. I went there for 3 days. I finished it in 2 days, but I went one more time to ride all my favorite rides. My favorite has to be the Mystic Point Mansion ride. I also really loved the roller coaster in Grizzly Gulch. DisneyLand is expensive, but definitely worth it. Food and Drink are available and are AMAZING! Still a bit expensive, though. There are queues, but the wait is around 15 minutes. Tip 1: Bring an umbrella and hats for the heat. Umbrellas can be useful for sudden rain too.Tip 2: Wear a comfy outfit and shoes, as there is loads of walking involved.Tip 3: If you wish, buy a fast pass to cut wait time. (I don't think that would be worth the money, though)
Very fun amusement park with lots of entertainment , the lines for the rides were quite short which made it even more pleasant. Food was great, and I would recommend the caramel popcorn to anyone, it was the best I had ever had. Entry price to the park is very fair and we had an amazing time for every minute we were there. The roller coaster and Mickey's mansion had to be the best rides there as well.
We had an amazing time at Disneyland HK. Stayed at the Disney hotel, gorgeous hotel and views from the rooms. Two double beds in the family rooms and connecting rooms as well so great for groups. We took the two day pass to Disney and were able to see a lot of the park. Favorites would be Space mountain, Grizzly, Mystic manor, River adventure, fantasy palace, parade at 3.30pm and the firework at 8pm. All worth the money and the walking.....
a nice amusement park with so much fun, but you'll need a lot of money to come here coz the the expensive fee and also food and drink much more expensive too. To visit this place you just need hat or umbrella since a lot of outdoor activities and much walking so be prepared with comfy shoes.
It may look the same on a smaller scale, but I found that it just didn't have the same atmosphere. We were there with our 6 year old grandson and he enjoyed it nether the less, one consolation is the queues for rides are not as long and therefore the wait time is considerably less, in my opinion it's not worth buying a fast pass.I think the restaurants could be a little better and offer a wider variety of food, personally I was looking for something a little more healthy and ended up with a burger.The train around the park was not running when we were there which was a disappointment however it is due to renovations and could not be helped.The highlight for me was to be the fireworks and due to the weather it was cancelled at the last minute, obviously they are not in control of the weather but it would be nice if we were issued a special pass to enter just for the fireworks on another night without having to purchase another one day pass.
Our whole family went to this place at the end of June 2014. Primary goal of our vacation to Hong Kong is playing in this park. We went by MTR from Jordan Kowloon heading to disneyland. Disney themed MTR is very interesting and full of families with young children. We had not buy a ticket online so had to queue up first. The queue was not too long, only 10 people, but spend 20 minutes to wait. We had a great time playing and watching a variety of shows here. There is one game that needs special attention is Space Mountain. It was not made clear that this is a Roller Coaster, and since the location is inside a building it looks like a normal train game, so many are not vigilant. If you are indeed ready, healthy and strong please try. In the queuing time, there is a special entrance for those who are not able to continue. There were souvenir shops everywhere. Sell       goods at a price that needs serious consideration, the price is relatively expensive. There are restaurants everywhere, providing Disneyland themed menu. Performances of Disney Characters Parade starts around 14:30. Should come to the Main Street location a bit early in order to get a good position. The game ended in a fireworks show with background Casle Sleeping Beauty (if not mistaken). After completion of the entire event at Disneyland, no need to rush, many vehicles available, especially the Disney MTR available each less than 5 minutes. Enjoyable experience but not going here twice...
This disney is not as big as one in Japan.  They charge a fortune for individual bags in the cloak room.  Not as good as in Japan.
We visited Disneyland over two days. Although nowhere as big as Disneyland Anaheim USA you have no intention of going on all the rides I would suggest one full day would be enough. Transport to the Island is in abundance wether you are staying on Hong Kong Island or Kowloon.
Was a good experience, we have been to Disney in many countries but none top Florida. Don't get me wrong for young kids it would be fab especially if not been to any, was worth going
My family and I went to hong kong in December 2010. The most memorable was the visit to Disneyland where my kids were amazed and thrilled to see their favorite characters come to life. They especially loved meeting the princesses and other characters. The day was magical almost unreal but it was real right from the 5 D theatre to the boat ride and the best ride was the train ride around the place with magnificent views. The highlight was the parade and I think my kids will remember that day for the rest of their lives. Great fun and lots of memories.
Went on a day which was wet, but at least it kept the crowd down. There appeared to be a lack of rides but a serious amount of food outlets and gift shops. This is more of a place for children than adults as most of the rides are tame as opposed to being death defying. The staff were very friendly and helpful, and willing to take your photos and stuff. The lion King is a  must do , and the parade is probably worth an 8 out of 10. Be aware that the size of Disneyland Hong Kong is a fraction of the size of Florida and even Disneyland Paris. One good thing is that it is very easy to get to on the MTR. A good day out, but this Disney is done very easily in one day.
The Flights of Fantasy of parade brings out the child in me, we came last June 26, 2014. The temperature is around 29 degrees celsius it added a tiring day to stroll around the park. Dont forget to bring your umbrella. We didnt ride much, actually we just try the bump car. I forget the exact name of that ride.
Our 2nd trip to HK with my gal in Dec 13. Cooling weather and decided to buy her a princess dress for her to wear. In the afternoon, there is a parade and the invited 30 princess to sit down to watch the parade. my gal was very happy.F
The Disneyland is very small compare to L.A., It is less clean compare to Tokyo Disneyland. Full of people (locals and tourists). Many of the tourists from China (Mandarin speaking people), they don't have sense of personal space and don't have correct concept of queue or line.Beside the rudeness of the tourists, everything was fine. My kids enjoyed most of the rides as they are the same as in US and Japan. If you had visited other Disneyland or Disney world, I don't recommend this. There are a lot of interesting place you can go visit in HK. We went to Kam Shan Country Park and encounter with many monkeys and wild boar.If you must go, please visit during weekdays to avoid large crowd.
A great day out. We approached the day open minded as people suggested it was run down and not much to do there. We were pleasantly surprised and had a great day. Definitely needed a whole day to cover most of it. For us it was definitely worth the visit. Enjoy .
The best thing about the park is it's size. You can get round 90% of the attractions in a day, but you really need two days to do all (stay at the hotel and you get the second days ticket free). The stage shows are magnificent and should not be missed. The other great thing about the park is once your through the gates the weather doesn't matter, of course sun is best but as most attractions are under cover rain is not a problem and usually means less people. In my view the park is best suited for those under 14 years as older young adults may consider the rides tame. All rides are great fun but Autoria the car ride suffers from long queues and is not worth the wait for an eight minute ride. Get in the park early, before 10am, if you want to go on this ride. Also Poh Bear ride is very busy so get a Fast Pass ticket early on and use this to save a 30min wait. Save buying anything in the shops until 5pm as carrying stuff around is hard work. The fireworks at 7pm or 8pm are worth the wait.The choice of food in the park is extensive and good value and quality. The park is spotlessly clean, excellent toilet facilities, stroller hire and has everything needed for a great day out.
Disneyland was good. we had a great day but I did notice there is a lot of open space between areas. if you go take into account you will do a LOT of walking. And as its HK remember the umbrella.
During our trip to Hongkong, we stayed for two nights in Disneyland and it was an amazing experience. Normally people initially thought that Disneyland is perfect for Kids but they all are wrong when you personally experience you will feel as a kid and remember your childhood days when you were not in a position to entertain yourself, its the time to live your childhood once again irrespective to your age. My suggestion to couples of all ages, they must visit atleast once in Disneyland and experience the dream world.
If you have already been to Disney in L.A. and Tokyo, I would suggest you skip Disney HK. The park is big but the rides are limited. And there's also no ample shelter and sitting area for visitors who would like to take a rest from all the queuing and walking. Just remember to bring an umbrella and slab on lots of sunblock if you are visiting the park in the summer.We bought a 2 day pass but felt that a 1 day one would be more than sufficient.
Parade starts at 3.30pm. If you wanna let your kids take part in their parade at some point, do check with the staff which part you should wait to watch the parade. Food at The Banquet was good.
Wonderful place to be with your family and friends and a must place to visit again and again and a must see place while in hongkong
We enjoyed HK Disneyland over 3 days, breaking it up as we were staying close by at the Disneyland Hollywood Hotel   a useful combination! We tried to avoid the weekend and busier times, as it gets too crowded and the waiting too long at these times. We did visit one night for a special Halloween evening, but the crowds and waiting made it another so great evening.At other times, we had a very enjoyable visit, and enjoyed the ride sand the refreshments.I only rated it. Less than a maximum because Disney is a big franchise and you pay good money to visit, so the expectations are very high. On the negative, several rides were closed on more than one occasion, which was a little disappointing. Also, on those big nights, they let too many people in, and it thus clogs everywhere you go in the park!Would still recommend it, and would love to go again, just recommend multi day passes and pick your time   we enjoyed coming back to the hotel and having a refreshing swim and relax before returning to the park later in the day.
Nice place, you can watch many shows of the characters, take the picture with all characters, the kids was happy. And many interesting souvenirs you can buy at the store inside.But better go visit there before may, because the weather was very hot on may.
Spent the day at Disneyland (got there before it opened, left after the fireworks). The kids enjoyed it   not a long queue for the rides. Watched a half hour Lion King performance. Take sandwiches and snacks   cheaper. There was one outlet selling fish and chips that weren't too bad. Cheaper than Anaheim. Dedicated train station complete with Mickey Mouse windows on the trains. Worthwhile excursion.
Not too bad for family trip. We managed to see the night firework. Best if you can visit on weekdays as weekend will be packed with visitors and you can't really enjoy much of the ride due to the long queue. Overall impression: Satisfactory
This is my first visit to any Disneyland, I went there with my wife and for her this is her 2nd visit to the HK Disneyland and 3rd Disneyland visit worldwide.We only went there for a half day visit, the first impression was how everything is well themed from the train ride, the station all the way to the entrance gate with the extravagant view of the magic kingdom with Mickey Mouse on top.The queue to the rides were long as we expected, the parade was beautiful, and of course all the meals in the area were exaggeratedly overpriced, but if you're going to spend an entire day there you have got to eat somewhere. The fireworks at the end of the day could have been better, we waited an entire hour in the cold sitting on the floor for that duration of fireworks display.The sound system in every corner of the park were amazing, definitely no complaints there.
Memorable childhood memories though the overseas visitors were horrendous. The pushing and the cutting of queue totally unnecessary. But overall we had a great time there. Just be sure to bring water bottles and snacks. There are water coolers everywhere so it's convenient to refill our bottles.
Went during off peak. Less crowded, more fun. Queue was ok for most ride. Food at the restaurant was salty and expensive.
I had been to the U.S. Disney Parks over 25 times, so to get to go to Hong Kong Disneyland was a treat. Getting there via the MTR from Kowloon was easy. Go early. We were there before the gates opened. It gave us time to take in the promenade leading to the entrance, and the crowds were not bad yet. This park is much smaller in scale than the U.S. parks, especially Disney World, so if you are there early, you can get through the whole park in a day. There were virtually no line ups early in the morning. It got busy mid day and then as it got to be later afternoon, the crowds tapered off again.I enjoyed the little differences between this park and the U.S. parks, whether cultural or otherwise. There are fewer rides and attractions in this park, but they are still expanding it too. The entrance fee is also quite a bit lower than the U.S. parks (for a single day entry ticket).
Hong Kong Disneyland is easily accessible by MTR. It has a station of its own, and you can change lines at Sunny Bay Station to go there directly. I recommend going there during Easter as Chinese nationals have no Easter holidays and thus it should not be as crowded. Visiting on weekdays will definitely help. Food there is average. It doesn't taste spectacular but is more than acceptable. Food is a bit more expensive but alright for a theme park and cheaper than other theme parks in the world. There can be pretty long lines for games and toilets; thus visit on weekdays or go in early. The staff is helpful but then again when the theme park is stuffed there is little they can do. Remember to visit Mystic Manor as it is unique to HK Disneyland.   Fast tickets  are available for Buzz Lightyear and Winnie the Pooh rides. Generally alright.
Being huge Disney fans, we had to make a stop at Hong Kong Disney while visiting Hong Kong! I have to say the Chinese culture is something to get used to while at an amusement park. There isn't a care for personal space and my husband and I just needed to prepare ourselves for that! We had a wonderful time and it was very easy efficient getting from our hotel to the Disney park. We went for 2 days and that was plenty of time to explore the park and hit all the rides.
Go early and be prepared for a hectic day in the park. The MTR is a convenient option to get to the park. Travel light, carry an umbrella. Waiting time for the rides can be a bother but hey, that's what this experience is all about. It is over priced and is very hectic. The fireworks in the evening are the perfect icing on the cake and worth the weight.
You can take MTR to Sunny Bay Station. It takes about 23 minutes from HK airport, 30 minutes from Kowloon MTR station and 33 minutes from MTR Hongkong Station.The opening time is 10am so you can arrive 15 30 minutes earlier to take photo at the main entrance. Most China tourists arrives at 11am 12pm so you better go earlier to prevent long queue. (Beware of China tourists as they may be rude and cut into your queue)Bring along some clothes if you wish to go to the adventure land as you might get your clothes wet.No food is allowed but you can bring a bottle of water. There's free water dispenser near the caf   for you to refill water.Remember to take the map from the City Hall and read the timetable for the MUST watch Disney parade and other shows.3.30 pm for character parade so better stand by by 310pm.8pm will be firework time. Stay around the main street at 730pm to get a good spot.There's a special coin making machine inside the Disneyland and each costs HKD$15.For those who wants to get cheaper Disneyland tickets, you can have it from CTS (CHina Travel Service) in the airport Mongkok area) Well, THEY ONLY ACCEPT CASH! No credit card please.
Thinking it was going to be like usa disneyland...very wrong. not a lot there. Still nice outing for the day.
We had an amazing experience visiting the Park. We have been in all Disneyland Parks of the world and this one was a great surprise. First, we went on a MONDAY, highly recommended, event it was summer queues were easy and short... This is no common for Asia... Be early so you avoid big crowds (around 9 is OK). Going from HK is super easy, just take the Subway to the door of the park. Remember, if you are american, you are i not in North America, so some things will be different but you will love it if you go with the right attitude, the Park personnel is fantastic. We Enjoyed the Chinese Restaurant Plaza Inn, super authentic! If you have young Children, this is an amazing place in HK to enjoy as a family....
While I never got to test Disneyland USA, I have in Hong Kong and loved it. Adventure land and the old train were around the park were brilliant. The trip through the river and African land was great and a favourite. The fireworks at night were also worth coming back for.Will be back
Visited on Friday yet very crowded. The weather forecasts were grossly wrong about thunderstorms in HK while it was scorching hot day. Lot of places to cover in a day. With the waiting time for each ride it is next to impossible to cover in a single day. As always even water is ridiculously expensive inside and the only consolation for us was the good Indian vegetarian meal that we got in the adventure land.Overall it is a must place to visit and recommend to buy two day pass to enjoy completely.
Bring my kids to HK Disneyland in Mind June 2014. My kids loved all of the rides. The rides nicely balance between younger age kids and slightly older kids. Nice place for young kids.It is definitely worth a visit for family.
My kids loved most of the rides, but I could not stand the fact that so many people tried to jump the queue. Many people had absolutely no shame at all when they blatantly tried to pass you when the queuing line was moving. When you confronted them politely, they could even be hostile and shouting to you in Mandarin. Several times, I saw one or two people queuing, then at later time, 4 or 5 of their family members suddenly rushed to the front to join them.If not because of my small kids, I would definitely not visit HK Disneyland. My blood pressure rose everytime I went there. Staffs did not seem to do anything about it.
Disneyland is one place that we always love to visit, and Hong Kong's is no exception. While we enjoy ourselves there, the only peeve was we were finished by 6 pm   which was the first time we ever complete a visit in Disneyland prior to the closing fireworks. So while it is enjoyable, it is fairly small. Btw we skipped most of the queues by starting from the back to the front as not to go heads on with the tour groups.
While we were in Hong Kong we had to visit Disneyland. We have been to Anaheim as well as Euro Disney. Hong Kong Disney is not as big as Anaheim but is very similar. It is fairly new and they are still adding attractions to the park. Glad we went and worth a visit!
The Disney mood starts right from the MTR station, I think it was Sunny Bay, where the next train that takes you to Disneyland has its windows shaped as Mickey Mouse. Very Cute ! We went on a Sunday June 8 and were dreading the long queues for tickets that we had read about, but were pleasantly surprised to get through them quite fast. Maybe this happened because in June it is very humid and its not really season time in Hong Kong. But considering it was a Sunday, we had expected a bigger crowd. Even the queue for the rides was not much, just about 15 20 mins at the most. But this park is more for smaller children, than for teenagers and the older ones, who too enjoy rides. The park was divided into 5 parts and can easily be covered by walking around, in about 5 6 hrs max. They do have some rides for older children and adults. The space mountain ride was the best, a kind of a roller coaster ride. Some others that we did were the big grizzly mountain runaway cars, a parachute drop ride and a few more that we found interesting for us. There are some nice shows, we saw the Golden Mickey awards and enjoyed it. We also saw the parade which is always the highlight of the park and should not be missed. On the whole it is a good experience and a fun day can be spent at the Park, specially for those going with small children. We wish they had some more adventurous rides for adults as well like they have in LA, Florida and Paris.
I really love theme park and disneyland hong kong is the most adorabe one I've ever visited ('till this point I wrote this review, never know fo the next year later :)). You can't be bored exploring all the themes in here. The toy story land is my favourite, it's so colourful and adorable.Wanna feel a bit adventure thing you can go to tarzan's theme. Or try the grizzly mountain runaway mine car for a great experience. the mystic point also great, aaahhh every place is so great in here. Unfortunately I haven't explore all the attractions in the tomorrow land, running out of time :(I'm willing to go back here again someday :)
Disneyland Hong Kong is very much aimed at younger people. Whereas Disneyland in LA has things for everyone to do, there are serious limitations on things to do if you are over 12 years old.The park is rather small and there are only a few rides which would be suitable for teens or older. Overall given that it is far less expensive than US Disneyland parks it is okay if you just want to be able to say I have been to Disneyland Hong Kong. If you have been to the other parks though you might want to give it a miss.
easy to go to this place with MTR. first impression for me. nice land. funny day.  I can see many charactor Micky mouse and friends. Have excellence show of lion king very perfect.  come visit again.
Good location, You can come there by MTR and it is very convenience. The entrance ticket is cheap and play land is very suit for kid. There are a lot of restaurants there and most of them are delicious.
After visiting a few Disneylands, this is one of the best ones. It was not too busy and we could access all the rides and attractions without time restraints. Although it is a smaller park than some other Disneylands I believe it is worth visiting whilst in HK.
Make sure you buy your tickets online for a shorter queue. You will be able to enter early to take photos with the mascots and shop at the retail outlets. Fastpass service at space mountain is useful. Not much heart dropping rides so it is most certainly good for children. Be sure to go early for the fireworks for a good view in front of the castle.
Newest of all the Disney theme parks where many of the rides are an improvement from their California origin. The park also had some unique rides that were created just for this park. The admission price was substantially cheaper then the States. Food was a fantastic variety of Asian dishes from various regions. Live shows and 3D movies were extremely entertaining. And the special Disney train to the park was fun and conveniently linked to the HK subway system.
Having a 5 year old kid who's a fan of Disney characters, we've been visiting Hongkong Disneyland for several times already. From 2010 to this year's visit, I noticed that there were less English fluent speaking guides and staff available and less smiling attendants to greet the...More
You haven't been to Hong Kong if you don't visit Hong Kong Disneyland.  I have been here four times already, but every time the place makes me feel like a child again.  Take the Mtr to get to the park.  From the moment you enter...More
If you have not been to Paris Disney land.. Then this is what you must not miss in Hongkong.. A full day fun time.. Nice rides.. Superb fireworks at night.. Great Disney cartoon parade.. Elders keep in mind that its for the kids so be prepared to get bored after few hours.
We took the train from Mongkok then changed to a Disney theme direct train to Disneyland. We arrived around 2pm and we had bought a voucher entry ticket from a supermarket in town (I can't remember the name but it was like 7 11 there're everywhere). First we went to redeem our actual entry ticket on one of the self service kiosk out the front which was easy. We then went in and had lunch in one of the restaurant which all seems to be reasonably priced for a theme park. Pick up the brochure schedule and we found there's a parade starts at 3.30pm and fireworks at 8pm and that's when they'd block off pathways for the parade so we just stationed outside the restaurant and watched the parade which goes for 30mins. we then check out some rides and head out to see the firework where again most rides are closing off. We found that arrived around 2pm gave us plenty of time to enjoy most rides (some we weren't interested) and weren't too tired to stay for the firework. However we decided to leave just before the end of firework and head back to the train to beat the crowd which I'd recommended. I imagine if you have kids it would've been exhausting spent a whole day at the park but arriving in the afternoon at least they'd have morning to rest up.
I was a little bit disappointed with Hong Kong Disneyland. It didn't have a lot of exciting attractions and the park was quite small compared to the other Disneyland (LA) I've been to. The park was definitely lacking some thrilling rides. It was possible to do the whole park in 3 4 hours.I think children would feel more satisfied with HK Disneyland, because although the park has little interesting attractions it still has the Disneyland felling once you are inside.I don't really regret having gone to Hong Kong Disneyland, because it was ok after all and really easy to reach by MTR. I am not, however, going back there again, it would be a waste of time and money. Also, unless you have spare time in HK, you might prefere to go to some other attraction instead of HK Disneyland.Just for the record: Disneyland in Los Angeles is MUCH better.
My friend and I spent a day here during our recent visit to Hong Kong. It's an excellent park, we managed to do everything we wanted in one day but I would have loved to spend more time there. The version of Thunder Mountain in this park is probably better than Disneyland Paris and Walt Disney World Florida in my opinion. Food prices are average for Disney and the merchandise is priced well. Don't miss the parade however get your place early! And the Golden Mickeys show is excellent, it was designed for the Disney Cruise Line so what do you expect! All the staff were friendly and helpful as you would expect in any Disney Park and the Mickey Mouse train was a nice touch to get from Hong Kong to the theme park. The fireworks were good however not the best I've seen and seemed to lack something, but all in all it was my favourite day in Hong Kong and is a must for any Disney fan!
Comparing to Disneyland LA, it is very much different. It's mostly kiddy rides but it is always a happy feeling when visiting any Disneyland. This time I could go on some rides more often as it didn't seem to get much crowded. Same shops as the US, so you can get good souvenirs too. Very convenient transport as well with the MTR.
You have the whole day to enjoy it but its so huge and jampacked you might be missing something. Get a map for everyone and plot your activities; take note of the schedule of the live shows. Here's what we did. Go board first the Grand Circle Tour to avoid the queues. Immerse in this magical 3 D adventure at Philhar Magic. It's a 15 mins. show; prepare to get wet (well, sort of). Go to Golden Mickey's and see live your favorite cartoon characters presented in the style of an awards ceremony. Then, take a journey on the  happiest cruise that ever sailed . Board the Jungle River Cruise next and see Tarzan's treehouse and the angry gods of the mountains. Take your lunch at the Comet Cafe. Stroll around and check some stuffs in souvenir shops nearby. Then head to the Festival of the Lion King (this is our favorite). It's a colorful pageantry of dance and music of our favorite movie, the great Lion King! Spend the rest of your afternoon (while waiting for the parade and the fireworks) with some thrilling rides (Space Mountain) and make your cameras very busy this time with everything you see. Try this storybook journey to the Hundred Acre Wood. Shop at Main Street, USA.It rained momentarily (but heavily) when the parade started. Finally, relax, sit back and enjoy the grand fireworks display at the Sleeping Beauty Castle.
Another mesmerizing park , beautifully decorated and kept. I went with my wife and 3Y old kid and we all loved it , except that the weather in HK was too humid. Long queues for the rides , so we were quiet selective such that our waiting was worth it. Pls carry sufficient food inside because the cafes and restaurants inside the park could be very expensive. Souvinier shops are very expensive too. You need a full day to explore the park and spend a good time ending with firework show.
Everything in Hong Kong Disneyland is awesome.One day of great memorable moments, full of happiness.the Train from Sunny Bay station, the rides, the shows, all lovely songs, and the Winner is: FIREWORKS show.My favorite is 3D Mickey Phillarhar Magic, Astro Blaster (@ Tomorrow Land) & Fireworks show, don't miss it.I think that Golden Mickey will be boring show, but I was wrong, it is very interesting. The show interacting with the audience. make sure you get your seat in the center  in front of the stage (3D Mickey Phillarhar Magic is the same). We were missed the 3:00 pm Parade, but this Golden Mickey show recovery our sad & dissapointed feeling.and the Fireworks show at the end of night, erase all bad feeling (long queueing, missed the parade), and give the most beautiful memory & happy feeling. if I have to do the Expecto Patronum spell (Harry Potter), i can do the best with this Disneyland memory :D One day is not enough.We can't take all rides, meet and greet (only with Buzz Toy Story) & see all shows. Mickey's meet & greet queue is ve....ry lo....ng. it was Monday, but Hong Kong is always crowded everywhere, Hong Kong Disneyland too.Never mind, we will go back again, and do it next time. :)Tips: if you want to shorten the queueing times, you can queue in the 'Single ride' line. you will ride separately with your friends family. but, we see some Single Rider can play together too.
Quite an amazing place to visit.We (Wife, my daughter of 4 years and I) visited Hong Kong's Disneyland on 12th June 2014. Though the weather was not so supportive (hot and humid) , it was well worth the amount, time and effort. You have to pay once for the entry and then inside, except food, everything else is free.There are animated, non animated and mixed shows at specified times like the 'lion king Samba' show, 'Golden Mickeys' and many more as per their day programme. Kids get opportunity to talk to their favorite disney characters (mickey mouse, donald duck, pluto, goofy etc) and other fairy tale characters like Snow white, Pixie, etc. you would love watching your kids go wild meeting their favorite toons !The Disneyland is divided into themes with real life like models   like Tarzan Island, future world, Adventure island , Fantasy land etc. There is also a boat ride.Also there are some very good and innovative rides, including 'small world' and 'Mystery Manor' that are truly worth watching.Best is to look at the day's program. Reach early at around 9 am. Plan what all do you want to visit and then take fast passes wherever applicable. There is also provision for getting kids strollers at HK$ 100 for the day. It might be very helpful for small children.It helps to book tickets online first before heading for Disneyland   there are discounts and combo offers. Saves a lot of time standing in queues. Having an Octopus card for integrated train bus travelk in HK also saves a lot of time.The same Disneyland tickets can be used for getting 'Fast Pass' free of cost for certain rides at specific counters within Disneyland, wherein a specified time slot is allocated to you to visit those specific rides   entertainments. It saves a lot of waiting time.Overall a very memorable and worthwhile experience. Going during slighly pleasant weather months of Sep Nov (I think... Do check!!) could be better.
The first time I went to disneyworld was in 1973. I wanted to use up all out tickets. HK Disneyland took me back to my youth without the long lines that suck the joy out of you in the USA. I got to do the teacups, Pooh, dumbo in less than one hour along with space mountain and orbits! Wow! I was10 again and my kids couldn't say no because even the carousel was fast! Go to Disney in Hong Kong and be a kid again!
If you've been to other Disneyland's around the world, this really does not compare at all. It is a small park and I didn't really get a  Disney vibe  walking around (when I went there really wasn't a lot of Disney music playing no characters walking around.) If you're staying in HK, I would advise a trip to Ocean Park (which is a lot bigger, has more attractions than this Disneyland and it slightly cheaper than Disney.)If you're at this Disneyland, I would suggest getting express tickets for some rides an hour or so prior so you can avoid the long queues in the heat to get to them.
I used to think that Disneyland are only for kids. I take it back, this place is good for both kids and kids at heart! Surprisingly, I had such a great time that I forgot that my baby niece was the reason why I went there in the first place.I highly recommend the following attractions:* Flights of Fantasy Parade   the energy was out of this world. Grand floats, the most colorful costumes, great performances by the characters. everything was just an explosion of color and music and dance. Be sure to pick a spot along the route by 3:00pm (parade starts at 3:30pm) as this is the main attraction in the afternoon.* Golden Mickeys   formatted after the Oscar Awards (or any awards show for that matter), this show highlights great performances of well known characters and very familiar songs from the Disney movies. Make sure to be at the gate 30 minutes before showtime as this gets packed realllly quickly. (Show schedules   4:00PM and 5:00PM)* It's a Small World   a boat ride that will take you to around the world. This is my most favorite attraction in the park. The costumes of the dolls and the songs translated in the various languages are just so cute and so novel that it literally melts your heart.These and more are all in HK Disneyland! I suggest you start right after lunch and end your day with the 8:00pm fireworks display. Make sure by then you got a spot fronting Sleeping beauty's castle as it offers the best view.
I loved it. as a boy I wasn't expecting much for an Disney land (where as my sisters were bragging about it.) the roller coaster (space station) had blew my mind and I was wrong about Disney being a kids' land. loved it and would go back again next time I visit hong kong!
I was not so keen going to Disneyland with a toddler and a friend..Surprisingly, we are having a good time. My daughter love the parade, the fireworks and the rides at Fantasy Land..The park is baby and stroller friendly but need to add a few more of nursing baby rooms..The food is ok, there is a halal food at Tahiti Restaurant.And yep, Disneyland is my definite time machine, I did remember almost all Disney's songs during my era  Little Mermaid, Beauty and the Best, Alladin, Lion King, Mulan ..It's a walk down the Memory lane :) and glad that my daughter really like it :)
Disney land in HK was a must visit on our list of things to do in Hong Kong. We caught the Disney train into Disney land, this was just another train ride but it helped get us excited about the day ahead, then you have to swap to the Disney land only train (has its own train line). It was very hot and sunny the day we visited in the middle of a week of rain, we kept putting it off until it was a nice day. The problem with this was the line ups to get into the park have you lining up in the sun, bring an umbrella no matter what the weather. The line ups in the park where quite large as we found out we where there during the summer break, no wonder there where so many school aged children everywhere, we where there in August 2013.Although the line ups where long and the rides over in a flash we still found it enjoyable just looking at the faces of all the happy little ones including our own, that was the most important thing to us. Lining up in the sun then getting inside the ride building to find they have been hiding another ten rows of visitors was a bit disappointing but we shuffled through the stalls and got to enjoy the shows and rides.There is food of all sort throughout the park, as well as drinks and a lot of Disney memorabilia everywhere.The fireworks at the end of the night are a must see but get up the front and look behind you and there is a sea of people, we waited in the shopping area for 90% of them to disappear (as it looked like they all went to the train station) there was still a full train when we got there but it was all good. enjoyed the day and will return.
Our family loves Disney, and we've visited the parks in California, Florida, and Paris. Based on some reviews about the small size of the park, we were a little concerned that HK wouldn't have enough activities to enjoy 2 days. We were pleasantly surprised. The park has many familiar rides and quite a few attractions that are unique to HK. The frontierland area was a lot of fun with the water guns, and it was nice to see some new rides in the expanded areas of the park like Mystic Manor. Take an umbrella or rain jacket. They also sell the Disney ponchos as soon as the first rains come, and it was worth the investment. It poured while we were there, so we covered up and ran from one ride to the other while lots of families just waited in the shops for it to clear up. That was the best time to do lots of rides in a row. The best food was at the River View Caf     family style Asian food that was reasonably priced and delicious (and not counter service). AA 2 day ticket was also a reasonable price. If you need to go straight to the airport, they have a luggage check area just outside the main entrance. The metro stop is also located near the Disney parking lot. You have to take the metro one stop, change to another line, then change again for the airport express. No stairs to deal with and trains are punctual, but it takes about 45 minutes for the journey.
The following shows I have liked most  River cruise  Lion king show  Small little world  Disney Land  Photos with Disney Characters  Light show
As noted by others, the property is not particularly large, but it still has a number of traditional Disney features and can be a nice diversion for a few hours.  The traditional Disney character parade down Main Street was fun to see.    Although the park...More
This place is awesome! Not only for children for for those who young at heart. I really enjoy taking pictures with Mickey and Minnie. Toy storyline is so cool! All rides are exciting, the shops are really great. I had fun really sure I am to visit again HK Disneyland.
There is nothing for older kids and teens. Only few rides are worth experiencing.  It is a small world  was closed for technical reasons on the day of our visit.  Philher's Magic 3D show was enjoyable. The property is very small compared to US Disney Land and not worth visiting if you have already visited US Disney.
This was my first visit to Hong Kong Disneyland although I have been to Hong Kong numerous times since it opened. I must admit I would never have gone except that my grandchildren were also in Hong Kong at the time. We travelled by train from Hong Kong station. There is a Disney ticket office there where we purchased our Disneyland tickets. I have an Octopus card but the rest of my family had trouble purchasing their train tickets from the machine. It would only accept 1 individual ticket at a time and would only accept small notes for purchase! This was extremely inconvenient as we had to get change etc but this was actually quite complicated as none of the machines seemed to be working and the only help area was inside the ticket area along with the lifts for the baby in a stroller! Disneyland itself was very good, although small in comparison to Disney in USA. We went on numerous rides although the most of the ones for small children had very long wait times. 30 60min! and some of the more adventurous rides had very short queues, 5 min! It was extremely hot and humid, not a lot of shade. Food at the restaurants was very ordinary. Apart from those few negatives my grandchildren, aged 1, 3 and 5 and also there parents and I had a great day but I must say if I didn't have small children with me I wouldn't bother going to this Disneyland. There are much bigger and better Disneyland's in this world than Hong Kong and a lot more interesting things to do in Hong Kong for adult visitors.
Right from the Sunny Bay train station, one would feel the excitement of going to this amusement park. There are literally mickeys everywhere! The ticket was worth it. The rides & attractions were more than enough for me. My personal favorites were the Mystic Manor (definitely try this one out!), Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars (also this one!), Space Mountain, & Jungle River Cruise. It was one hella fun of an experience!
This was the second time we have visited HK Disneyland and this was a perfect family vacation. We're huge Disney fans and love to go to all the parks, and I really wanted to take my three year old twins to a park while they were still little. HK is closest to us, so that's where we went and it was wonderful! I truly believe this park is the best one for young children   the character interactions are the best I've experienced compared with all the other parks. It is much smaller, and much less to do than other parks   however that being said we went for three straight days and were by no means bored (or had been on everything!)The cast members and characters are all so friendly and a couple of the rides are exclusive, so it was nice to go on things never experienced before. A word to the wise   don't take your three year olds (or young kids) on Mystic Manor. Even the cast member tried to warn me, but I thought it would just be like Haunted Mansion and we'd be fine, but it's a lot scarier and louder! Going through a whole ride with two crying three year olds yelling 'I want to get off!' over and over   epic parenting fail.The fireworks are great and the parade was really nice   we went at a time of year that wasn't too busy so it was fairly easy to get a good seat for both. The shopping is all fairly standard, lots of great Disney bits and pieces. Food is less fast food and more Asian type noodles, rices dishes which were a good change and much more preferred by our kids.We went close to Christmas, so the park was beautifully decorated   especially in Main Street, and all the characters had holiday outfits on which was a nice touch. The photographers were all heaps of fun too, so we got some great memories. They don't do PhotoPass here yet, but you can buy your images on USB (and just need to buy the one USB and keep loading onto that) so it makes for much more convenient printing. The only place that won't sell digital images is at Enchanted Garden Restaurant at the Disneyland Hotel.All in all   this is not the same as any of the other parks, but it is delightful all the same and we loved every minute of it!
The park is good for a daytrip with your kids.....although it is lacking unique items when compared to peers.... few items needs special mention such as Tinkerbell fairy.... The model posing as Tinkerbell is extraordinary. The joyride in the stream with wild encounters is good. The gardens are nicely cured giving lots of greenery.Overall.. a good experience.
We go to Disneyland every time we go to Hong Kong, so the kids love it there. As we haven't been to Hong Kong for a couple of years, this time there were new things to see, most notably the Manor (can't remember the full name) and the runaway mine train (Bear something, why couldn't they just call it the runaway mine train?)We went in the Easter holidays, which was great as there were fewer people and virtually no queues (people on mainland China don't get Easter holidays, so there were very few tourists from there). We could go on the rides straight after coming off, so we went on Space Mountain twice and the runaway mine train four times   it was so much fun!My kids being a bit bigger (6 and 8) meant that they had no interest in meeting the characters any more, seeing as we did all that when they were much smaller   this saved us lots of time for the rides. This was probably the most enjoyable time I've had in Hong Kong Disneyland.Disney are really strict about bringing your own food in, they search all your bags at the entrance gates. You are only allowed a small amount of snacks for the children. The food inside is quite good for a theme park, but being Disney of course the price is more than what you would pay outside of the park.Disney Hong Kong are building another extension to the park (something to do with Iron Man), but that won't be open for a couple of years. I look forward to going again in the future, and I'm sure my kids do too.
I see that most people here had already expressed their great interest in the place.So I'd like to just go through the attractions I liked most and some were very well hidden in the park. Make sure you check them before you leave:  Space roller coaster: very amusing, the roller coaster was striking, with visual effects in the tunnel like we were really in the outer space. The station was very cool with decorative planets.  Academy of Art: they showed you how to draw your own Disney character, I had Goofy. You have to wait quite long because this place was really well hidden. They would not open it until it got enough people.  Disney Theater: definitely the most thrilling 4D experience ever. The magical doors at the front impressed me most, it opened by itself.   River Safari: very interesting with good animation and surprises awaiting you, with a well conducted story line. This one was in Adventure Land.   Talking with Stitch: this was the most hilarious when Stitch, on the screen, actually talking with you. They had some kind of programmed system to make it interact with people in some scripted conversation with different names.   The street talents: they were a band playing random instrument made from trash bin, sticks and hats, very funny, don't miss them.That's almost all. Let's wait for Iron Exhibition in near future. :)
I always LOVE visiting HK Disneyland! It may be very small, but that's good especially during the summer when you'd rather walk less and get to attractions faster. It has two roller coasters, both of which are excellent. Many children themed rides like Dumbo which I...More
Grizzly Gulch and Space Blast   Roller Coasters are the best rides and the 3D 4D show is very nice. Food and breverage options are limited. Physical fitness is very essential as a lot of walking around is required. The carousel and flying elephant rides are...More
fulfill your childhood fantasy with meet all disney character, one thing disappointing is seems like they don't maintain the playground :( totally different with Tokyo Disneyland
A great day of fun for the whole family. The parade is well worth it and some nice rides and shops. Most of the shops stock exactly the same Disney stuff and the momento's and food and drinks are a bit pricey, but hey you...More
We've been here twice. Most of the venue and plays only suitable for children. Today I just want to take photo on front of the gate. :)
What can you say, this place will charm you. The facilities are fantastic   be it about the MTR which is right next to the resort, the direct buses which take you to the resort, the people who are supporting the resort   the rides,...More
Went during the May holiday.  The crowd was not that bad but there were a lot of people that tried to jump the queue. It happened on all the rides. You have to be bold to tell these people off, otherwise, you will end up...More
Advise to buy two days ticket which can use within seven days. Grab a time guide at the entrance to save your times. Sun glass, umbrella,  a large hat and refreshing towels are essential in summer times.
Located at around 1 hrs drive from the main city the HK Disneyland is a great getaway from the concrete jungle. personally I found HK very claustrophobic with high rises housing matchbox home and windows opening into walls of other buildings.  We visited the Disneyland...More
This was my second visit to Hong Kong Disneyland, and it remains a great place to bring your children to. The great thing is Hong Kong Disneyland is not very big, so walking from one attraction to another is not very far.   Be prepared for...More
Disneyland no matter where is it, is always popular among kids. HK Disneyland is no exception. Easy to reach via MTR, Disneyland line has character windows in MTR train. Nice efficient place, even if you see loads of people.   Make sure you stay till fireworks...More
There are only two Disneylands in Asia, the nearest one for Southeast Asians are the one in HK. The place was loads of fun, my husband learned to gather his courage to ride roller coasters in this place, so I really thanks HK Disneyland, haha....More
A great place to go to spend the day whether with family or as a couple. Very accessible from the MTR from Sunny Bay.It is not as big as EuroDisney but there are enough fun attractions for the day. Personally enjoyed the Tarzan themed area....More
Hey i get to meet Mickey! Even though it's not as big as other disneyland, but its worth to spend as it will give you a good experience. and brings out your inner child :p
This place will bring out the kid in you. It's not as big as Ocean Park but still get a stroller if you're traveling with a kid. There are parking areas for strollers anyway. Food's expensive but what do you expect although when our daughter...More
It started with the train. We took MTR train to the resort from sunny bay stop. The train is in mickey shape. MTR stop is in the park itself. the shows : Lion king, 3D show, golden mickey, parades, and the boat ride are excellent....More
I love the fireworks!           I love the music and its theme!            Aside from the fireworks of course, I enjoyed the Adventure Land! I love the Tarzan's house.   I also screamed on one of the rides.  I love the trash can (machine operated).    I love...More
We visited Disneyland HK in October 2013 its a great place to be with kids but since we were not with kids we wrapped the whole place by afternoon . Our tour guide took us there at 9:30 in morning. We were so bored after...More
This was one of the best days out that I had when in HK. I found the park to be well laid out so there was hardly any queuing time and as expected of a disneypark very well themed. It was not as big as the...More
On my first trip to Hong Kong, 4 days and 3 nights, we decided to spend one of our two days at Disney.  Had a grand time.  Rained heavily on the way, but the weather calmed around noon and the wait times were negligible.  The...More
Ideal for kids from 3 7yrs... Nice princess section... Don't miss the 4 D show, it's a small world, Winnie the Pooh... Toy story land has some cool rides for older kids
We have visited Disney land Hong Kong before and still think it is the best. We have been to the American ones but find they are too big and tiring for us seniors. In Hong Kong you can get around the rides you want with...More
* There are 7 lands of attractions here and you will enjoy every one (except the Mainland USA i guess).  * The rides were very nice. And the shows were simply superb. Amazing.  * I would suggest 1.5 days for covering the whole place is...More
As this is the happiness places on earth no doubt you will see Mickey, Donald and the rest of the folks. Go through the show timing so that you can plan your walk path. Stay back till 9.00pm to watch the wonderful fireworks but please...More
This is a wonderful place to visit. Never miss this. If possible plan for 2 days.   Tips :   Tickets   you can get the best price for Disney land from CTS (China Travel Services). CTS has offices all over Hong Kong. There is one RIGHT...More
It is beautifull ,lovely land scapes ,plants,great rides for every age groupThe magic of mickey , adventures of winnie the pooh, The river ride
I visited Hong kong Disneyland with my family in Nov 23 2013 and it was awesome experience. I visited  all the attractions there but the best was parade in the evening, try to get front place and watch. Also the space attraction was also great...More
Let's put everything into perspective!1. I have never been to Orlando 2. I didn't visit with childrenBUT hey, what a fantastic day out! I purposely visited on a weekday (Friday 6th June 2014) where the weather forecast was poor, but we only had a few short sharp showers and the visitor numbers were  manageable    I cannot recommend it enough. We waited no longer than 20 mins for any ride or any show. I don't know the target audience but there is more than enough for any young family or young at heart parent, perhaps teenagers would ( naturally ) be bored, but I have no negative comments, only good thoughts, about the place. It was a full day outing. We travelled from HK city centre and there are numerous ways to get there and on the way back numerous taxis at closing time AND we were charged the going rate on the return leg. So travel to from should not be an issue.My recommendation   it's a  must do  with a young family if visiting HK, but don't forget the obvious kid's height restrictions   I hope you enjoy the time too.
My wife had to wait almost 35 years before she could visit Disneyland. For my kids, the waiting time has been much shorter. The visit to Disney HK has been a dream come true for the entire family. Agreed, this is not Orlando or Paris. But for first time Disney visitors, Hongkong is good enough. Loved everything. And am wanting to return whenever opportunity comes. Its a dreamland, and you would like to live there for ever.
We were here by Mac 2010. We came on 10am ie opening time and return on 8pm after watched firework performance. The time we came not peak season therefore no need to queue very long when playing the games. We really enjoyed the whole day at Disneyland. We hope will be able go other Disneyland for example Japan or USA in the future.
Hong Kong Disneyland maybe small compared to other locations in the world, but a visit to this theme park is well worth the while indeed, fun and enjoyable for the family...
This park is family friendly. I like how they put benches everywhere around the park.  Tips on buying merchandise: make sure that the merchandise you buy is a unique item that cannot be found elsewhere but in disneyland stores.
Great visit yet again, lines are not too long and the staff are super friendly. Some of the ride like Winnie the Pooh, the electric cars and a couple of the Toy Story land rides had lines of about 20 30 mins, but most others we were able to walk straight on, or was a minimal wait.You will get frustrated quickly with the rudeness and the consistent lack of respect (pushing in, standing in front of you at the parade, walking in front of your photos) of the mainland chinese tourists, but this is really about the biggest gripe you will have.Food, drinks and souveniers are modestly priced compared to other areas in HK so its nice to avoid the usual theme park exorbitant pricing.Buy the 2 day ticket for marginally more than the 1 day, represents good value and you will ensure you get to experience everything.
We are expat from Southern California, currently living in China. Coming to HK Disney is like returning to a piece of SouthCal and the wonderful utopian world created by Walt Disney. I don't know how they tame the usually rude Chinese tourists; this place is clean and orderly, people are friendly, cartoon characters are dancing in full furry costume in 99% humidity and 90 degree heat, best of all, the quality and the variety of food offered in this place is way better than Disney Anaheim. I have to give Disney the full credit of being the very best entertainer in the world. The attention to details is just mind blowing. The plants used in the Western theme area are what one would see in SouthCal; I didn't even think those plants would survive in the humid South China weather.
Went there last week and my did we have a blast. we took a two day ticket to Disneyland and still didn't have enough time to experience all the rides there. they even have halal food in the park for muslim tourists.
We are avid Disneyland world park attendees ... so we had to visit while in Hong Kong.Ive read reviews about people complaining about long lines... but we found no wait time longer than 40 minutes... the majority of rides were under 10. In Disneyland we waited 160 minutes for the Nemo ride and the PeterPan ride line up is short if its 40 minutes... so relatively speaking this place is empty :)The space mountain line up was 5 minutes... so we kept riding it over and over again.Mind you, the place isn't that big... the majority families are lining up for the toddler childrens rides ... the longest line up was for autopia 25 mins. The big let down in the trip was the unsanitary families... there were lots of them... and it was disgusting... letting their kids pee right in the line up among all the other kids in line. That was just soo wrong! they piss on the floor and then their kids are crawling all over the floor... sheesh! lucky my kids are older and don't crawl on the ground.So beware of 'the pee on the ground' all North American tourists! thats something I wished someone would have told me about before going there
Amazing place for everyone to visit.The concept and the rides along with the shows are awesome.The Mickey stage show and the Amazon river ride were fantastic.One can spend an entire day here and still miss some of the things this place has to offer.
Is it really worth a special visit? I visited the park 4 times, when it first opened, and an average of every 2 years after that and I admit that there has always been a magical, indescribably Disney speckle, but Hong Kong Disneyland is not that special when compared with the other Disney parks. Space mountain is always a hit, Toy Story land is cute, and Main Street USA is always quaint, but I find it very problematic how Disney did not exploit its chances with incorporating Hong Kong's flare into its characters attractions. It is quite cute when Minnie Mouse dresses up in traditional qipao and also a nice surprise when the space cafe serves cha siu burgers but these feel so obvious...Tourists and happy little kids are everywhere, they make you feel like a big kid at heart but, you are better off going to Ocean Park where there are more attractions and specifically, ones that are more specific to local culture, natural site and history. Disneyland is quintessentially American, and if you want that authenticity, go to the Disney parks in Florida. Pastiche ofSelection of American parks mashed into small and pricey real estate Admit that I am coming
had an absolutely fantastic day visiting hong kong disneyland recently, in may 2014. no queues for rides visiting midweek. better than expected. Enjoyed Winnie the Pooh, Grizzly Gulch, Mystic Manor, Space Mountain and Buzz Lightyear with the laser guns was good fun. main street and plenty of shops to browse. smaller version with some popular rides in us park missing but still worth a visit.
recently went to disneyland hongkong and was everything i could have wanted. I have been to america and this is just as good. You arrive there by a disneyland train all decked out with mickey mouse ear windows right to the entrance of the resort.Waiting for rides was not an issue the average was 10 minutes with the bigger roller coasters being even less.Found the park to be very clean considering the amount of people that go through it daily, would recommend a visit there
We loved our two day visit to HK Disneyland. It had a relatively small and intimate feel to it. We took out two year old, Mickey loving son the first night (a Wednesday) to get a sneak peek and found the park almost deserted. We had a walk up start to the Winnie The Pooh ride (normally a   1 hour queue) and the teacups, before seeing the superb fireworks spectacular. Our second day was during a long weekend. The crowds were surprisingly smaller than we expected   as a guide, the It's A Small World ride had an 8 minute wait. The Lion King show was the stand to for us   stuck to the theme, introduced a nice Asian influence and remained high quality Disney standard. (Poor Duke cried when we had to leave). All the characters were there and the queues for photos very short. The Toy Story Land (unique to HK) was great.We will be back and recommend a trip for anyone with a family (or child at heart).
too small to be a   real disneyland, some good rides, but a lot missing from the US parks,food too expensive, but very clean. train was not working. and the main street USA was very small with a lot of buildings in card board
No wandered why Disney Land was my daughter's first choice on her school break. I made a reservation thru their website. We stayed in Hongkong Disney Hotel, standard room was good for us, staff are well accommodating. We are excited on our trip because it was our first time to visit Disney Land. Gladly they have 2 day ticket to explore the whole park because 1 day is not enough. Fantasy land is on one of our favorite, you will meet all disney characters. This place was absolutely entertaining. My daughter said  a dream came true
Me and my family went to Hong Kong Disneyland for an overdue vacation. It was an experience of a lifetime. I felt like I was a child again, and I can safely say that I wasn't the only one who did. My brother had a smile that I had never seen for the past God knows how long. My cousins are extremely happy and on top of that, my grandfather was with us and he really enjoyed the trip.Getting there was a breeze, considering that the place where we stayed, Harbour Plaza Metropolis, is right across the Hung Hom MTR station. The commute to DL is part of the experience. The Disney themed train is really cute, it had Mickey Mouse windows, replicas of Disney characters and Mickey Handrails.HKDL resort was everything I imagined it to be. Magical. From the rides, to good food, from the Golden Mickeys show and The Festival of Lion King to the Philar Magic, it was spectacular. I won't be telling stuff bit by bit because it would probably take me 3 entries just to share how wonderful my DL experience was. The highlight for me however, was the  Flights of Fantasy  Parade. We were eating our late lunch (around 3:30) when it started and my cousin Jia hurriedly ran to the main street with me and Timmy. At first i thought only kids will enjoy the parade. But I have to admit I really had fun watching it. Every performer had a really good smile while dancing to a catchy parade song. Considering that majority of the performers were my kababayans, it made me feel proud how good of an entertainer Pinoys are.You should definitely see the fireworks at night!
The staff are friendly and nice.  My daughter lost her bag. I went to the city hall.  THEY helped me immediately. Luckily, I found it.  The fantastic environment is rich. Though  I have the annual  pass, I enjoy visiting there each time!
Lets be honest, who doesn't like Disney??  This Disneyland resort is fantastic, although a bit small. The MTR is the best way to access Disneyland (Hang Hau to Disney 28$HK) with its own station and trains. The resort is set in a beautiful location, surrounded...More
We were there for my son's 5th birthday. Go in the morning as the queue won't be long at that time. The crowd will start after lunch. The place is very clean and well maintained. The rides are nice. But the setback is the time it...More
It was a great experience, a bit too small than the other one in Japan. Still want to go back someday. Worth a visit  )
Disneyland is something everyone can enjoy no matter what your age. The best part was the Lion King show. Superb is all I can say! Enjoyed some of the rides as well. Recommend the R&R to anyone who just needs a shot of 'oh this...More
It was in a beautiful location, and convenient to reach via subway.  It only seemed to have a few rides, and all of the stores carried the same merchandise.  It was a fraction of the size of the original Disneyland, but the staff were very...More
Compared to other Disneylands   still not the range of attractions.  Lots of food outlets but few offering healthy choices disappointing for an organisation like Disneyland.  Very long ques and it was not HongKong school holidays and a week day.  Most rides 45 minutes to an...More
This was our first visit to any Disneyland park and the kids were like in a wonderland. They could meet their cartoon characters and all the places that they had only fantasized till now. There is so much to see and visit inside the park....More
Not a great amusement park, but has a few good memories of disney. It's a small world ride and space mountain brought back good memories. Nothing truly exciting though for older kids adults. I bought a two day ticket, but really we were done with it...More
I love Disneyland. We don't go very often, like 4 or 5 times in the last 16 years; but I do love the  magic  you find in the Magic Kingdom. Recently I was in Hong Kong for a conference, and the  grand finale  to the conference was held at Hong Kong Disneyland. I did not want to miss a chance to visit Disney in a different country. How cool would that be? Our event started at 7 pm but they let us into the park early, by 5:30 pm so we could enjoy some of the rides in other areas of the park that wouldn't be open during our private function.I had quite a nice time, despite the rain showers that persisted intermittently through the evening; but I was definitely surprised at how much smaller the entire park is compared to Disneyland or Disney World. In the past, we've arrived right as the park opens and stayed until nighttime; but it felt like I would have run out of things to do if I'd spent the entire day there. Space Mountain is still fantastic, and they've got many of the same rides; however, many others are noticeably missing. (No Matterhorn, no Haunted Mansion, no Pirates of the Caribbean, no Mark Twain Riverboat, no Indiana Jones, no 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea   aka Finding Nemo, no Mr. Toad's Wild Ride or Peter Pan, no Alice in Wonderland, etc.) So yes ... much smaller. The staff was super accommodating and nice. We had buffet tables set out for our private event through several parts of the park, and the selection was very good. During the later part of our event, they opened back up Fantasyland for a dessert buffet that was fun.Best thing about it ... ease of access getting there by MTR. Second best thing ... conference buses taking us directly back to our hotel at the end of the night.
disneyland will always be a magical place no matter big or small... everything is just sooo amazing despite it was raining the whole time we were there.. the food is quite expensive but the best part was the fireworks!
have been in Europe Paris, well, thank Hong Kong can match that perfectly, nothing left to be said. However having been in USA florida and California than Florida beats it all, and there is no match from that. Looking at the original in California, florida is more fun and has now already Junlge, Epcot, studio and fantasy park al reachable by the same road.l getting back to hong kong where they say disney has to fight off Ocean park, well it is just someting different Disney is. However nice Ocean park this is not Disney, as Disney is not Ocean Park, so I do not see the competition. What is better the Bentley or the Rolls Royce, matter of taste and education. For kids Disney is endlessly more fun and for what my experience is, but I am not the entrance expert, Disney with its years silver cards is far cheaper for a family than its comeptitors, and as family costs money, we can thrill them for less is also nice. main street is still main street USA filled with Chinese in Hong Kong. Just don't miss it.
Easyly reached by MTR, Disneyland HK also famous as one of the place you should visit in HK. I did and sadly to say I'm not so impressed. Disneyland is a guaranteed place to have fun for kids. But, this place can't satisfied every single family member.
We are in our 50's and went to Disneyland with another couple our age and we all had an absolute ball, we felt like we were kids again. We were just in time for the parade so got ourselves a coffee and cake and sat on the edge of the footpath and watched the parade. It was so much fun and so colourful. The characters came right up to us so we could take photos. We were also singing along with all of the Disney songs that were from our childhood   fantastic !!!!We will be back and bring our Granddaughters with us next time...
The real thing   Disney .. but pales in comparison to the LA or the Orlando Disneyworld. True that it is one of the few attractions which HK has to offer for children. Rides are okay and it can get crowded as is smaller when compared to other Disney parks. Easy access   and the kids will enjoy it, no matter what.
A good balance of facilities and entertainment for adults and kids.The merchandise is nice. Worth paying a visit to the shops especially the cookies and sweets.The best time to go is during festivals or special events, eg Christmas, new year, Halloween etc. There would be special decoration, characters with festive costumes and  or special stickers during that period.
I live just 30 minutes away from Disneyland Hong Kong so it is an easy day out for us. The annual passes here are fantastic value. If you intend visiting more than once a year a pass is a must. The newly opened rides at Grizzly Grulch and Toy Story Land are thrilling for all ages! Go and see the Lion King show and Stitch Encounter for great shows out of the sun ( or rain! ) for 30 mins in airconditioned auditoriums. My favourites are still Buzz Lightyears Lazer ride , an interactive ride where you shoot you targets, and the animation drawing classes where you learn easy ways to draw Disney characters. Stay for the fireworks,they are spectacular! All in all a great value day out for all the family.
Although not as big as the other Disney parks (not even Paris), we had a lovely day here. All the usual Disney refinements were here and if you used the metro you could be on a train carriage with Mickey Mouse windows. My son loved it.
This Disney park is small compared with Disney parks over the world. Not much choice of games.  Suggest to add Florida 4D Toy Story game, and digital games of Epcot.
We had to take a 3 year old grandson   which means of course you don't have a choice! Getting there   this is Hong Kong, mind you   was quite okay. However, the walk from the Disney Train Stop already is a hassle (lack of shade, directions). Once you get to the proper ticket counter (online orders only), you still have to cue up. Inside you get okay directions, but picking just your choice attractions is not easy, as you will have to pass by all those you didn't pick. Compare it to a supermarket or IKEA with their force you to buy layout. Now, once you do reach your pick, you still need to cue   not easy with little kids, and the quick channel, which you have to pay on top. You get hungry too, of course, and you're not allowed to bring stuff in! Apart from the high prices for any of the outlets, please don't expect quality or even appetizing food   you simply don't have a choice. What I just can't understand: they offer annual tickets and they even sell them! For me: once is more than enough. For my grandson: you get to see all those cartoon figures, rides, and stuff from the movies, which seems to be worth all the hassle. Congratulations to Disney for a truly rip off concept that even works!
This may be a small  I prefer to use the adjective 'compact' Disney park but it has unique attractions such as the Buzz Lightyear ride where you accrue points for firing space blasters at targets from Evil Emperor Zurg's infernal planet's prison camps. Taking an older teenager recently was not a chore  we all found it a buzz.especially on Space Mountain. High octane rollercoasters were like catnip for our teen. Another advantage of the park's compactness was that walking around the different worlds was an easy and practical proposition. Staying @ the Disney Hollywood Hotel made everything convenient and accessible as well. Finally, the restaurant at the far end of Main Street boasted good food and superior service.
I have even gone here by myself. But most of the time, I am taking family or friends young and old to enjoy it with me. The size is perfect for getting around easily. We always enjoy the live shows and the parade. My favourite snacks are the churros in Toy Story Land and the candy popcorn close to the Castle. We usually eat lunch at the Corner Caf  . Our favourite ride is Buzz Lightyear. We ride it over and over again. My husband scored the maximum amount of points the last time we were at The Park. Twice we have gone to stay at the Disneyland Hotel. We loved it!
Disneyland Hong Kong pales in terms of size and variety when compared to other Disneyland parks in the rest of the world.Best to go during the weekday especially midweek where the crowd is less. Check the weather ahead before booking a ticket as some rides may be shut during heavy rain. In summer remember to bring hats and sun block.Those who are budget conscious should bring their own container of water   drink as there are water points for you to fill. The price of soft drinks are price like 6 star hotel and hence be warned. In addition bring some snacks too.Plan your day trip well so as to maximum your time at the park as each adventure or ride is some distance from each other. Include in your plan should cater for the afternoon parade and the evening fireworks.On the whole, if it is not crowded as in jam packed, it can be a relaxing day trip for the family.
We visited HK Disneyland 3 times over the past 5 years, and our kids loved it (the first time), liked it the second and the third. The park is well run, but often overcrowded. Access is easy via MTR (the Hong Kong subway system).
In HK, it is difficult to find any activities for kids and for mum and dad. This place is one of those few places in HK that the whole family can enjoy. Although the park is not as large as others around the world, it is safe to say that you would have difficulty completing all attraction in 1 day, especially if your kids are tagging along. The only CON I can find is that the restaurants are always pack even though the quality is below average. TIP: Search online for discounts. Some travel agents offer discounted ticket and they would sell them without much waiting time.
Taxis in HK are very cheap, a few US dollars. Crossing the Victoria Harbour by regular ferry is extremely cheap, almost ridiculously. But if you try to cross by taxi eg from HK island to Kowloon through the tunnel you are in for a huge expense. Or my driver was dishonest ?In any case: beware !
I was about to leave this place out of my  to visit  list as I've been told by many that its not worth it. However, I truly enjoyed the moments in HK Disneyland. A dream come true for a girl to be able to walk on Disney street. Lovely shows available too! One day was too short for me to explore this wonderful place.Don't visit during August though... the weather is too hot and the crowd is scarily big!
Small Disneyland by comparison to others around the world. Though what it lacks in size it makes up for with very few queues and good quality rides.
I've been to several Disneylands including the one in Anaheim and the one in Orlando. My fair warning is that if you've been to these two, don't expect much. The one in HK is a small, compressed version of the Disney experience. But of course, it's always fun to feel the tingling, giddy, magical butterflies in your stomach that only a Disneyland franchise can bring out. It's not the biggest one out there but if your are from the ASEAN region, it's the next best thing. But if you have the means to go to the ones in the Western side, go for that one. Best time to go: October December. Not too hot, and not too cold. Just about right!
Disneyland has always been a magical world. Hong Kong Disneyland is one of the smallest Disneyland compared to others. you can cover the whole area in one day.  We got there in the afternoon, hence, we did not get to meet Mickey or Donald as...More
I was really looking forward to Disneyland and I'm glad we went. My family and I had a 2 day pass, it was worth it because we didn't get through the whole park in one day. We waited for 1 hour to meet and have photos with Minnie and Mickey Mouse.the gift shops where good with heaps of things, but a bit too expensive. We went on Monday and Wednesday in May, apparently it gets way to busy on weekends and public Holidays with long waiting lines for rides.
We thoroughly enjoyed our 2 days at Disneyland. You could easily see most of it in 1 day.We travelled just after Easter and it was crowded from around 11am until about 4pm when the park emptied out. Most visitors seemed to be locals with small children.Its a beautiful park but doesn't have a lot of attractions compared to other Disney parks worldwide but still worth a visit, if nothing else than the admission tickets are cheap compared to Disney else where. My senior mother only paid $NZ25 for a 2 day pass   the same pass in California would cost at least 5 times this.I blogged a lot of our Disney and Hong Kong experiences herehttp:  14weeksworthofsocks.com category travel hong kong
I visited with my husband and we really enjoyed our trip here! It is small ish for a Disneyland but there were practically no crowds on they day we went (Tuesday) so ride wait times were only 5 min each. For rides like 'It's a Small World' there was no wait at all!Toy Story Land was really cool which I had never seen before. The RC Car ride was very fun! They also have good food options, I had some delicious Indian food.Took about 5 hrs to do everything. Staff was very nice as well.
We are a family with 2 kid girls 8 & 4 yrs old. The park was very beautiful & there are many things for small kids to do. For me & kids this was a first trip to any Disneyland. However my wife has seen Paris one but that was many years back. The Park as heard was small. Many people will suggest 1 day is enough, but I would suggest 2 day as firstly when u buy a 2 day ticket you pay only 30% extra. Secondly, on Day 1 you can spend time more on exploring the park & do some activities, especially with small kids your speed is slow. So, keep the Day 2 for repetitions your kids want & also some balance part left on Day 1. The Parade as expected was spectacular, very colourful & lively. As everyone suggests, assemble at a good place 30 minutes before start to get a good view. We watched the parade on both days as it is good to see from different angles specially. Kids enjoyed when they were called to dance in the centre. . My kids just loved seeing the Disney characters, specially the various Disney princesses & took photos with them.Pick up the schedule of shows & park, sit for 10 minutes & plan your movement keeping the shows in mind. Kids would love the 3D movie (funny), the Lion King Show (very colourful) & Golden Mickey (most of the famous Disney characters come 1 by 1 on Stage). Balance depends a lot on each kid as to what are their favourite characters or kind of activities they like.The fireworks show was amazing. Wanted to see on second evening also but could not as we were short of evenings & there are other attractions in Hong Kong which are Evening night special.So, if you are going to Hong Kong with your family with Kids, better keep 2 days & 1 evening in your plan for Disneyland. Also 1 big advice to many  There is a Bag deposit room outside the Disneyland Gate where you can deposit your luggage, means you can check out & bring your luggage along as the airport is quite near (or go directly from airport to Disneyland). This will save time of going back to the hotel to collect your baggage & give you more time for Disneyland :). We did not know of this facility before so, on the last day of our visit, we checked out, left luggage at Hotel reception & went to Disneyland (Day 2). After Parade, we went back all the way to collect the bags & then to airport. If we had taken the bags along, we would have got around 2 more hours in Disneyland. As we did not use this facility, we don   t know if it is chargeable.
The place really is  magical  for avid fans of Disney. Went here during our honeymoon trip a few years back and planning to come back with our toddler and celebrate her 4th bday there. The festival of lion king is the best performance we've seen and my husband loved it too. Pls take advantage of the map, guides and schedules that are available for free upon entering disneyland. It's very helpful especially if you have limited time to be able to explore the place.
Great for younger kids, although the Space Mountain ride was pretty hardcore for a 9 year old! Well worth a visit if you are in Hong Kong, but prepared to queue up!
Everything in Hong Kong seems tiny. HK Disney was quite disappointing (for someone who has been to Florida Disney World). Firstly it is very small. I could not even fit inside some of the roller coasters. Many of the performances were in Chinese so not very friendly to foreigners (a few were in english). You can visit and do every attraction in a few hours (less than half a day). There is virtually no camera people (disney photo) to be found, except at the character spots. This disappointment was balanced by the amazing Toy Story land. A must do!
The park is beautifully made. It is maximum fun for kids to meet the disney characters. The rides are also nice and mostly small kids can also enjoy them. Sleeping beauty castle is amazing and do not miss the ride through the castle. The festival of lion king at the adventureland is very good. Please note the timing of shows beforehand so as not to miss them. The disney parade is impressive. Make sure you get your position atleast 30min before as the public lines up in the front very early and the view might get blocked for the small kids. To enjoy the park I recommend 1 day atleast or may be 2 days. It cannot be done in half day with kids. You can greet the charcters and click photos but the waiting time is around 20 min for very popular ones like micky, minnie or pooh. for others it is little less.Fellow Indians you will get very good vegetarian indian food at the tahitian terrace restaurant at the adventureland.We missed the fireworks as it got cancelled due to weather conditions.
Great place for all ages! All the theme parks are well spread; the maps are easy to follow; Good fora single day. We we lucky to have an overcast with no rain. Kids thoroughly enjoyed the mystical magical experience.Food was not a problem as there were many options!The queues get longer for the Grizzly ride; Disney awards; RC Racer; Space Mountain and Adventure rides. Well connected by MTR and Disney Train   an experience on it's own.
Hong Kong Disneyland is near the airport. The suggested transport is MTR Metro which is cheap and directly goes there. The que for ticket is long so buy the tickets from your hotel.The preffered resort is Hong Kong Disneyland Hollywood Hotel. The place Intelsat takes 7 hours to,complete. The place is huge with thousands of shops. You can meet Disney characters and go on rides. There are many shows there. Must visit. Timings 10 to 9pm weekends, 9 8 weekdays. Must visit.
I'm a major Disney fan and have visited DISNEY world in orlando around 17 times. I was hoping that disneyland Hong Kong would not disappoint on my first visit..... And it didn't : )We used the MTR system to get to disneyland which was a surprise in itself. When you get to the sunny bay station you are greeted with a Mickey themed train to take you to the park. The windows are shaped like Mickey and it has lots of fun things inside to look at. This is one of the reasons I love Disney so much as it's the little things that keeps people returning!We had a fantastic day enjoying the attractions, watching the parade and fireworks. I would definitely return to Hong Kong disneyland in the future.
We had the chance to visit Disneyland as one of the evening events of the international conference I have attended in Hong kong. There are many facilities you may enjoy if you have no problem with the hight and speed. Although I do not like fireworks due to its harm to the environment and wildlife as well as people, you may enjoy the firework at 8.00 p.m. before the Sleeping Beauty Castle, which is amazing in terms of the balance between the lights and music. The whole park is large enough to plan a trip lasting for at least 2 hours. It is easible reachable via MTR.
Visited mainly because of insistence from my 8 years old daughter. She enjoyed the whole day and for adults too I would say not bad. The carnival was good but I thought Tokyo was much better. The rides are confidence inspiring but a bit lesser organised than other places. Food choices are very limited.
The park was well layed out with a decent variety of rides, the train ride was a lot of fun staring out a mickey shaped window. No matter where you looked you'd see little Disney touches throughout the park good day out if you have younger kids
I have been to most Disneyland (Anaheim, Tokyo, Paris and Disney Sea) so when I got to Hong Kong Disneyland I was slightly disappointed with the size of the Disneyland. Although on my second visit things have improved a lot I still wish they will expand the area and add more rides. Nonetheless it is super clean and super safe. Staffs are very helpful and the rides are friendly to all ages. They even have different train serving the Disneyland route. Located about 40 minutes by train from Kowloon and Hong Kong. My suggestion is that you come in early so by mid day you will finish all the rides and you can enjoy the rest of your day back to the city. If you wish to stay behind for the parade or firework you should ask the ticketing officer first. Sometimes during winter period they won't have a closing parade.
With an afternoon to spare, and good weather, my girlfriend and I headed off for a quick trip to Disneyland, Hong Kong. It was about $50 a person...can't recall the conversion (sorry!). Access was easy...very! There's a direct train line there...lots of signage, and cheap transport.We were there in April, and there were NO PEOPLE! We had no lines, no one in front, no one behind! We managed the whole park in 3 hours! Note...2 adults and no crowds!It's well laid out, typical Disney (that's what we expected) in that access was easy, staff were helpful and fun, characters wandered around, and the rides were the same!It is a smaller Disneyland, no question, but perfect for a day trip.We enjoyed it very much...no regrets taking time away from the culture, to have a little fun. Just two big kids running from ride to ride! *Note...we were there April 2012, but that date isn't offered when filling this out!
this is a great day out for families. however if you have been to disney park in florida, you would be a bit disappointed as there are lots that have not been replicated in Hong Kong. Firstly it is much smaller and can be done in one day. My family still enjoyed the rides and food was really not bad. Was really surprised at pricing of disney characters I thought was really very affordable, compared to having to purchase at home. Although visiting on a saturday   we did not have really long queues to content with which was great.
First visit to any Disneyland and I am glad that me and my friend enjoyed our visit to Hong Kong Disney. Greeted by friendly staff and every where else in the park was staffed by park guides that were able to show us the right directions. games were properly labelled and information were given, for example: estimated waiting time. fireworks at 8pm daily was good. Except that it was vet crowded but it was worth it. Just stay around the Main Street from around 7.30pm to get a good spot. At 3.30pm for weekdays was the characters parade. This portion was awesome! Really a parade of the characters bringing tons of magical feel coupled with colours, and good performance
being our first time visit to disneys... our children aged 7 and 11 enjoyed beyond imagination.they loved evrything, our starting time 10.30 am to 8.30 pm . the rides , character visits , theatrical shows , 3D shows.....the map provided was very easy to follow n helpful too. being vegitarian indians....food is a bit difficult ,provided u hunt for them tat suits ur taste buds. we did find ppl carrying their own lil bit, n we wished we cud carry too.we did miss the train ride ,as it was cancelled . not to miss the fire works at 8 pm .entire place is kept so clean n perfect. loved the way its maintained. all kinds of facilities.n so much to see ....found even older aged ppl enjoying too. we were amazed to see our children not feeling tired even at the end. trully worth going ther for them ...thier imaginary dream come true.
I enjoyed Tokyo Disney Sea and Tokyo Disneyland much more than in Hong Kong. The food in the Flavours of the Orient restaurant however, was outstanding and the best I've had in any theme park ever!The rides were enjoyable and as it was a Tuesday, there was not a large crowd. All in all, it was nice and there were the usual Disney things to see and do, however it was just a little bland.
Disneyland will always be Disneyland   every child's dream. When my family and cousins decided to come to Hong Kong, Disney was in the top list. The tickets are categorized into adults, children and senior citizens and price ranges from HKD 450 to HKD 100. It is very easy to go there by MTR. Get off at Sunny Bay Station and transfer to the Disney Train. The train is cool because it is themed. You see Mickey's logo in all windows and many characters all over. The fun has begun. When we reached the gate, we were told to throw away our snacks. This one really made us all feel bad. We had two kids with us and they were very excited to shop for their snacks the day before. We just wished there was a locker where could have kept their snacks and bring it back home. The goodies were thrown all to the garbage. Anyway, after the gate incident, we were all transformed in another world. Pictures here and there, shopping for souvenirs and having all the rides. We spent the whole day there until the fireworks at 8PM. My parents were senior citizens so they can't walk and have fun as us but there were many places for them to rest so didn't worry much. Oh, the Mickey Pancake is very expensive but there really nothing much there for taste. So be ready to spent a lot of money for food inside the park. Yeah, they let you throw your food so you can buy their food inside. The area is really small especially if you have been to other Disney resorts like Tokyo Disneyland. But it was a nice feeling to see Goofy and Merlin walking by and saying Hi to everyone. I hope the kids had a wonderful time.
Went to check out Hong Kong Disney was little disappointed there was more food out lets , shows and less rides then LA Disney .
We are visiting disney last sunday. Our young children age 3 and 5 they are so happy. Not sure for our teenager girl. We think will little bit boring for her. In Hongkong is the best transportation to get to Disneyland resort. Easy from every area to go to disneyland by MRT.
If you have been to Paris and Orlando, I wouldnt recommend having high expectations. I was really disappointed, the castle was absolutely tiny. Not too many rides either.
Hong Kong Disney is a small park compared to some of the other Disney venues, I found it to be a nice size, big enough to wear you out but also small enough you can do everything in a day.
We went there in April, and not having been to any Disneyland's before we were really excited to go. The park itself is not that big, but big enough. We spent all day there and had plenty of time to do some of the rides...More
If your kids are below 10 then they will love it here, lots of rides and the usual Disney layout with lots of overpriced shopping everywhere, generally a good day as long as it's sunny and the fireworks last thing is worth waiting for but...More
The Disney Land was a long awaited event for my girls and one of the key reasons we were visiting Hong Kong. The trip to the Disney Land was very easy via the MTR and the last leg train was very nicely decorated with Disney...More
I would rate it a notch below Universal studios Singapore. Take a Two day Pass and take all rides. Either there are roller coasters which I avoided or too kiddy stuff. To enjoy better make sure you enjoy the ride from Sunny Bay MTR to...More
If you do visit Hong Kong, do visit Disneyland. It relieves your childhood & FUN FUN FUN! Enjoyed the rides, love the shops & love the characters!
Disneyland is often used as an analogy to describe commercial hype  which of course has some merit. To be fair, HK Disneyland can be, not only a fun experience, but also an opportunity to sit back and watch the world go by. The eateries are...More
We had a nice day at Disneyland but it really is geared toward young children.  With the rides we had to queue for long times to be disappointing by most of them. The highlight was the Lion Kong Show which was very entertaining.
Was overall ok, being our first visit to Disney. Due to the time we were travelling, we landed up on a Sunday, and was it crowded or what. I understand from other people that even other days are similar especially in the holidays. Easily can...More
Hong Kong Disney is basically Disney lite. Being a foreigner that has lived in Mainland China for the past two years, I appreciate the much needed relief and  hominess  Disneyland provides. I have been to HKDL about once or twice a month for the past six...More
It was a small compact version of Disneyland California but ample rides for young children. If you are fussy with food I suggest you take your own as we did not find it very good
The park itself is not so big, but the rides and attractions are great for children. Not recommended for adults looking for a thrill, Ocean Park might be better for them. For families, Disneyland is a great place to go to. Unfortunately, some drawbacks are...More
I am a disney lover, but people visiting Hongkong must go here, I should say, this is probably going to make you forget of the real world for a day, treat yourself and indulge in this majestic place.
Based on a lot of reviews we were prepared for crowds, line cutting and a less than the typical  Disney Magic  experience.  However, we were delighted with our visit. We really enjoyed our day at Hong Kong Disneyland.  I'm a super fan of Disneyland  so...More
We took the kids to this park thinking they would love it (the inner child in us also wanted to go). Of all the disney lands, this one is by far the worst one ever, and I have been to all of them. There is...More
My wife and I together with our teenage kids experienced Disneyland. We spent the whole day and loved it. The rides such as Grissly Gulch, Parachute drop, Space mountain, etc., were great. We also experienced the Mystique Manor, Small world, 100 acre farm and had...More
Probably Not really worth travelling a long way for but if you're in HK then it's worth a day out   typical Disney fare   a couple of reasonable rides but it's more about the experience as a whole   teens will probably hate it but under 10s will have fun   small enough to easily cover on foot   make use of the fastpass   which saves a bit of time   luckily we didn't have big queues despite it being the school holidays   reasonably priced as well
No kids will reject Disneylands. smaller is scale as to compare with Paris's. This is my 2nd visit, will say this is suitable for the young ones like 3 to 12. Easy to get to by train. Will recommend taking the Disney train for the experience. Kids love the ride at It's a Small World, we took a few times. I love it too... Do stay till 8pm for the fireworks to complete the experience.
I visited Hong Kong Disneyland while on a 10 day trip to Hong Kong. I have also been to both Disneyland Paris and Disneyland Florida and it definitely lived up to the Disney reputation.The park was beautifully maintained and very clean and visiting on a Monday meant that it was relatively quiet   I didn't queue for more than 15 mins for any ride (although the popular Fantasyland rides for younger kids had bigger queues).As I visited on my own it meant I could take advantage of the single rider queue on the 2 main roller coasters (Space Mountain and Big Grizzly Mountain) which was a great bonus. I loved both rides and went on them a number of times!There are plenty of snacks available around the park for a fairly reasonable price but some of the souvenirs were overpriced.I would definitely recommend this park to Disney fans   it brought back many happy memories of my first visit to a Disney park as a child.
Yes it is smaller than its US counterparts but my 12 yo son and I still had a very full and fabulous day here.Could have spent longer (another half day) given queues etc.Think Disney needs to consider more Fast Passes (only two rides in park have this option).Left feeling great and inspired to visit Disney parks   it's a class act.
Had a good two days with the kids (9 and 6). One day is probably enough if you get there early. We did not mind the two days because we got to repeat the rides we liked on the second day. Not as big as the Disney parks in the U.S. (I have not been to other outside the U.S.) BUT definitely worth a visit with the kids and by all means not small at all. The only thing that did not like is that food, beverages and shopping were really expensive and average quality but that is to be expected and is the norm for a theme park anywhere in the world.
Enjoyed Disneyland Hong Kong. What a wonderful day we had especially the live performances . Heaps of people even though it was a weekday. Toilet facilities are clean and maintained well. Rides are good, didn't have to wait too long. Worth going if you're visiting Hong Kong. It's one of the highlights of our trip. Entrance fee is quite reasonable and the connection via train to Disneyland is well connected. Didn't have to wait too long for the train to arrive. Would suggest to purchase 'Octopus' train pass if you're staying in Hong Kong for more than 3 days. Train connections to anywhere is excellent.
We traveled from Shenzhen (by taxi to the border) to Hong Kong Disneyland. While smaller than the original Disneyland, it was enough to keep both my boys happy! You can easily cover this attraction in one day and recommend buy tickets online...no waiting just walked up to the machine with the credit card you used to purchased the tickets and it printed them out.
Locals seemed to prefer an other park that was closer to the city limits, but the train ride out to this destination is half the fun. Once you make the connection to the Mouse Train out to the park, the entire experience is themed just like you'd expect in the States or any other country that has a Disney theme park. They just do it right.A long walk from the station to the park, but it is fully themed, so lots to look at on the way in. Once in you will realize that this park is done in the original forced perspective of the the Disnelyand in Southern California. It works here, as the backdrop of the mountains in the area, create a very hamlet like look to the whole park. You'll find many of your favorites here, plus a few twists on some of those rides. The Big Thunder Mountain has just about everything rolled into one roller coaster. I loved our tour guide in the English only line for the Jungle Cruise   who told us 'We very lucky! Yes very Lucky! about 100 times   it was so cute though   and the ride has some nice additions you won't see anywhere else, so indeed we were very lucky. We missed the opening of a new attraction, looked like their version of the haunted mansion, but with a different twist   notice any trend here? We saw most of it in a day, so   if you're in Hong Kong and have a day to spare   well worth the trip. Looking forward to the bigger park opening in Mainland China as we'd like to see them all eventually.
Though diminutive, the sight of the castle at Hong Kong Disneyland against two mountains is the first royal setting for a Disney park, and the service, cleanliness, and accessibility of the park delivers. From the Golden Mickey's show to Space Mountain, the familiar and the unexpected delight.
Dont miss the rides. Especially RC racer, grizzly gulch and space mountain. The fireworks display is extraordinary
Being a huge Disney fans my Mom and I were very excited to go to another Disney park! If you have been to Disney World in Florida do not expect the same thing. This park is much smaller and less extravagant but it is still amazing to see Disney in another culture. Getting there from the city was easy as they have their own subway stop (wait until you see their Disney themed subway car  it's amazing). The rides were fun, the food was good and the gift shops was full of really unique souvenirs. Overall we had a great time! I think you would only need one full day there but we stayed at their hotel for a few days. Definitely a must go if you're visiting Hong Kong!
Having not been to a Disney theme park, we were impressed once we finally arrived.Getting from Shenzen took longer than we thought due to the thousands of people wanting to cross the boarder. So if you are coming from China allow a bit of extra time.Park is well set out and very clean.The day we went, there was not a huge wait for rides and food options seemed plentiful.We had lunch at Maxims and this was delicious   Asian style for 3 and 2 non alcoholic drinks each around AU$130.Main Street Parade was magical.Staff very helpful at end of day when we could not figure out which was the bus back to China. Instead we caught a green cab for CNY 300 right back to border crossing.Great day out and look forward to Disneyland in US on next trip.
Hong Kong Disneyland is relatively small as compared with Disneyland in other countries. Thus spending a day would suffice. It would be a great day for families with children but teenagers and young adults would enjoy it too. It won't be necessary to spend a night at one of the two Disneyland hotels. The transport by Mass Transit Railway (MTR) back to Kowloon and Hong Kong Island at the end of the day is convenient. Living in the urban area will be more convenient for shopping and dining.
Forget the reality and indulge in the fantasy!I was with my friend and sister when we visited HK Disneyland. It was Valentines Day (February 2014) and the weather was sooo cold! The place was situated in a nearly uphill location so the weather was freaking cold. But the heat of the fun was enough to beat the cold. The animations were just awesome! Be sure to experience riding the train and witness the magical fireworks showcase before the park closes. Be a kid again and linger in the wonders of magic, adventure and fantasy!
We went in June 2013   was very warm   but the atmosphere was a great one. There was 4 of us 'big' kids   we were set to get the most we could out of a kids park! Had a great time it was my birthday   and the staff were fantastic in making it a special day   for a 25yr old!
Went to HK Disneyland on Good Friday this year. While crowded, was pleasantly surprised at the very efficient onboarding of the rides. The park has 7 sections with 6 theme ride areas and a Main St area where all the shopping stores are. We had a plan that we would go on 2 rides at each themed area totalling 12 rides. At the end of the day we went on 20 or more and even went on the favourite ones twice. The park seemed to clear out at about 5:30 so we virtually got off one ride and were straight onto the next. While the weather was warm the queues were undercover and had cooling fans so the wait was quite pleasant. The staff were very courteous and helpful and the whole place had a very positive feel to it. The merchandise shops were chaotic with the amount of people but the prices were not unreasonable. We barely saw any Disney characters apart from the parade which happened at 3:30. As usual the MTR was highly efficient to from downtown Honkers to Disneyland. Best rides were Mystic Manor and the roller coaster. Worth seeing but don't go for more than a day.
I' ve visited HK Disneyland with my family (children 7 & 13) in a not so busy day. The kids covered the attractions in 3 hours, including repeated visits to few of them. They were both very disappointed; the number and size and quality of the attractions was very poor comparing to expectation. It seems to me like this Disneyland is made a trap for Chinese who have less experience to disney world in general and consequently are easier satisfied. I have no opinion on food as we didn't have lunch since the kids wanted to leave the place immediately.As one could expect, i found it very expensive for what it offered to my family. Visited April 2014
We had a great time!   Our 6 year olds favourite ride was Space Mountain!  I would recommend more rides such as autopia to have a fast pass system.
We went in July 2013. The weather is insanely hot, humid and too many people. When the parade came cant get good pictures because people are pushing and holding their umbrella, so cant get clear photos, some people are just so rude! And queuing in a hot weather.. we were dripping with sweats!! yikes! its a wrong month to go!! Themepark are standard, the US are still the best, but my daughter love the rides and it was her first visit to Disneyland, Mystic Manor its a must to see because it was different than the Haunted house, Toy story land is awesome! at the end we dont regret anything, but too come back..no way!
The trip was a joyful, only problem, could not cover the entire place in 1 day, Must need 2 days to completely cover disneyland. Need to take note.
This is a small Disneyland, but it is perfect for a one day event.  The lines to meet the characters weren't too bad which was great because my 2 year old adores Mickey!
even before entering disneyland, you could see happy faces of little kids in the train. it was easy to travel to disneyland by mtr. try to go on   a weekday.
Nice and clean, were there early on a Monday morning and managed to 6 rides in 2 hours in 4 different parks. It is very small and compact. Good to get in and out.
Now the second time I visit the HK Disneyland. Worth it in every way, except for the pricing. Along with wife and 6 year old son, we spent an entire day playing, rafting (2 times as per my son's request, boating (also 2 times) in the  It's a small world  world tour. A memorable place always. In addition, I was quite surprised by the quality of the meals we had at the Main Street Corner Cafe. Much better than @ Ocean Park.Have dinner around 7:00 and watch then get out to see the fireworks @ 9:00 on Saturdays and @ 8:00 other days. One day could easily be stretch to two. It is so much fun. Renew yourself and be a  Kid  again.
Its our 2nd time to visit and the kids are very excited! HK vacation is not complete without Disneyland. Toy Story was the best attraction  for my boys. We also enjoyed the parade and the fireworks! Simply amazing!
Family visit with my 6 year old daughter. We had a blast   great rides and the fireworks display in the evening was brilliant. We had dinner with the characters one evening in the Disneyland hotel. My daughter absolutely loved it, highly recommended! We had a two day pass and we still didn't manage to do everything, looking forward to our return visit.
Good for kids and adults. Can't beat Disneyland, Paris though. Queue was a bit long since it was Easter Holiday. Fireworks was awesome. Foods and souvenirs are a bit costly, so have extra cash for those.
Queues were a little long for some rides yet short for others. Afternoon procession was a lot of fun and uplifting. Didn't have Soy milk for my coffee anywhere which was a surprise for Hong Kong. Shop and entry prices cheaper than I expected so value for money. Lots of people there ye was spread out so didn't feel too busy.
We visited the park over two days during the Easter holiday break so we knew it would be busy. We had our 3 and 5 year old kids with us.  Lines to rides were from 10 to 75 minutes but lines well organised and behaved...More
This is our 2nd visit to HK Disneyland, still very enjoyable but quite hot on the day, kind of disappointed caused we do not able to see the firework on the night due to strong haze.The newly open Toy Story was real fun, must not missed it.Plan well & must spend whole day to enjoy real HK Disneyland.
Love the visit but would recommend to go during the winter time of HK as the duration of time to queue can be crucial in summer.
Whatever you do take the train to Disneyland as it is all part of the experience. The park is clean and staff are friendly and organised. I was a little disappointed there wasn't more of a Chinese theme given to the park and it pretty much reflected a very small version of Disneyland in California. Tokyo Disney and Disney Sea both have a real Japanese flavour which in my mind really adds flavour to the visit.
Wait times weren't too bad for the holidays but could take up to an hour on some attractions which may not appeal to some especially with young children. And the heat can be a killer so bring plenty of water and sunscreen which was a life saver...there are plenty of stalls to buy water though along the way.....the only downside were the rides were too short but the major shows were a decent time of 30 minutes each which was great and in air conditioning!
we had a great time at Disneyland but if you go on a tour first like we did you will get there at around 130 to 2 pm and the fireworks are at 8 pm so you only have a short time to try to get in as much rides as possible. At the time we got there there were lines for every thing and it was for like 45 mins to longer. My wife and i had a blast. the one thing i were say is to get a fast pass at least 2 or more in a group. this way there is little to no line for most of the good rides like space mountain.
We spent a whole day at disneyland with our almost 3 years old daughter. She had fun even though we didn't get on most of the rides. Majority of our day was spent at fantasyland and toy story land. All of the others playland on disney was too stimulating for my daughter.She enjoyed meeting all the disney characters and I would say that was the highlight of the whole trip. Overall we had a great time and would love to come back once mu daughter is a bit older so she can play on all of the rides.The whole park is clean, well maintained, and all of the cast members are helpful and accomodating. They also never run out of stickers, which played a great deal in calming down some of dear daughter tantrum.
Disney is definitely great if you have kids but if you are traveling as a family with adult children, Universal Studios is a lot better (as it has more exciting rides).  It was nice though to see the Disney Characters parading :)
It's rather small for a Disneyland, but that is actually an advantage if your children are small. We spent a great day here with our daughter, 3 years at the time, and we all enjoyed ourselves. The attractions are fun and we liked the atmosphere there.
My 1st time experiencing disneyland. Suit for you who come with kids, but Disneyland will always awesome for any age. It was a heavy rain when i come, so i have to buy raincoat to keep enjoying disneyland. Don't miss the fireworks
I have been to Disneyland Florida, US and it was huge. HK Disneyland may not be as huge but it brings the same fun and excitement as any other Disneyland Park. Toilets are easy to access, all rides I can say are safe. Yound and...More
As DVC members and frequent visit to Disney World we had high expectations and weren't disappointed.  Yes, the park is much smaller than Magic Kingdom but it has most of the best rides plus some fantastic new editions.  Make sure not to miss Mystic Manor...More
to begin with the tickets were so costly. I have visited LA DL, FLoria DL and this one and i found that this one was more expensive compared to the one in the US. When we went it was raining so badly, and we had...More
Fun and memorable as Disneyland is one of the dream place no matter children adults. All the Disney characters walking around and taking picture with everyone gives you a feeling you're in the cartoon world which will create memory to everyone especially kids.
I have been to both Disneyland and Disneyworld and knew in advance that this would not be the full on Disney experience, so I managed my expectations.  I took the train from downtown and it was an enjoyable trip. The Disney themed train from Sunny...More
More attractions are coming on line hence you might need more than 1 day to cover the park if you have little ones with you. Can't go wrong with the Disneyland parks globally. The 'live' shows are good so attend as much as possible. Do avoid...More
very nice place very nice staff characters but for me a little too young.  I did enjoy the train on the way as it was specifically stickered with minnie and mickey mouse ears on the floor which was a nice touch
If you have been to the Disneyland in the U.S. or Tokyo, then do not set too high an expectation on the HK Disneyland.  It is friendly to kids under 5 as it is relatively small compared to its U.S. counterparts so it is less...More
I stayed in Hong Kong for one night only, just to visit the HONK KONG DISNEY LAND, I was expecting something like dreams as told by friends visited Euro Disney and Orlando Disney land, but it was in HONG KONG so basic, and very crowderd because of the Chinese new year fastival.the worst thing ever was the attitude of the staff, they was very tough and shouting in people who are coming to HONK KONG as guests!for me, I think I am not going bak to HONG KONG DISNEY LAND, that was a really bad experience I ever had!
Last December 2013, our entire family went to Hongkong for a much needed R&R. Everything was doing great as planned, until my niece met an accident in one of Hongkong Disneyland Rides. Due to a technical problem in their Space Mountain attraction, the guests were advise to alight from their seats after it moved a few meters forward away from the platform. The platform now is higher than the original position. Due to the ackward poisition while climbing out, my niece fell and twisted her ankle. She was brought to the first aid clinic for treatment. We requested that she be brought to a hospital for x ray shots and further observations. Now here is where our problem started. Together w  some of my relatives they transfered my niece to an ambulance on the understanding that she will be brought to a hospital. To our surprise, they were brought to a taxi stand, and the ambulance assistant advised them to get off and take a taxi going to the hospital. They want us to fend for ourselves w o any assistance from Disneyland officials. They want us to go to the hospital w o any help from any park personnel. We are tourist and we are not familiar with the streets and how hospital regulations are observed. We felt like we were being sent out of the park ASAP, to take out all responsibilities off their hands. So be very careful while in HK Disneyland, chances are you might get the same cold treatment.
This may be the smallest Disneyland but it is not wanting in attractions, shows, rides and things to do. The kids enjoyed the river cruise with a fiery ending, It's a small world ride, and the Lion King Show. We were able to snap pictures with many of the Disney Characters such as Buzz, Mickey, Minnie, Pluto, Goofy. We stayed until the fireworks display during closing time.
It is probably the smallest disneyland in the world but the advantage is the accessibility and navigation from one attraction to another. There are currently only two hotels adjacent but both are of excellent quality. I would recommend eating at the hotels which have far better quality than those in the park (for just slightly higher price paid).
Have been there a few times and, to be honest, it was not at all bad. Yes, it is smaller than all the other Disney theme parks but it is still fun to spend a day there. The problem is not so much about the park but the people in it. You will find that about 45%   (sometimes about 70%) of people there at any given time are from mainland China. They truly 'bring' their 'culture' with them   spitting anywhere, smoking outside the smoking area (can't read, perhaps?), speaking loudly, queue barging, etc.... So be tolerant and 'understanding'.Still, if the weather is nice and dry, you could easily spend an entire day there. Do be sure you get there early and stay for the firework.
You will fill 2 days also less to visit this. Nice attraction. Even the ocean park is also one of the nice attaction in Hongkong
It is great fun for kids. The must see attractions   Disney in the stars (fireworks), Flights of Fantasy parade, space mountain, big grizzly mountain runaway mine cars, it's a small world, Winnie the pooh, Jungle river cruise, festival of the lion king (this is only for Lion king fans), Mystic Manor, RC racer (this is more of a ride, than a Disney thing but is fun), Buzz lightyear astro blastersTips:1. Avoid visiting during weekends, you might end up in long queues. 2. Parade   usual start time is 3.30PM. People start settling in the parade route for good views from 3PM.2. They have a 2 day pass. If you intend to cover all the attractions in a leisurely pace and interact with Disney characters that occasionally show up, would suggest this. However if you chose a non peak day, reach early, skip few attractions, you will be able to cover in one day.3. Book online, so that you don't have to spend time in the ticketing queue4. Food is not allowed inside, don't carry any food
We went there twice in 2 years.My daughter really enjoyed her time over there..(obviously...its disneyland...;p).My husband went to Tokyo disneyland before and he said Hong Kong is better for small kids in terms of the rides and the crowd.
Love the mickey MTR!  but Disneyland HK is not as big as Universal Studios in Singapore i reckon. Most of the activities are for younger children not much for adult but it was fun tho. Disney stores are my favorite it was like i want...More
We were only in Hong Kong for three days and chose Disney over Ocean Park, mostly because my five year old has been asking for a couple years to go back to the Buzz Lightyear ride. I'm glad we did as it was one of the highlights of our trip! The air quality wasn't great so we couldn't do a lot of the other sightseeing we had planned.It's not as big as Disney World in Florida but it has enough for a full day. We arrived shortly after opening and stayed until the fireworks at the end of the day. The line ups weren't too bad considering there didn't seem to be any Fastpass machines working. The parade wasn't too long but nice to see. As usual, the tickets, food and merchandise were all expensive, but that's Disney. The train to the park was neat and it didn't take us long to get back to the downtown area even though everyone was leaving at the same time. They really are expert people movers!
Took the  special  Mickey Mouse styled train on the final leg to DisneyLand, and it was all ok, as an adult. For kids it's an adventure theme park sure to entertain. The establishment is very keen to get the locals to buy several day package deals, and if I were Hong Kongian with kids, I may even consider one. A great half day out, despite the queues, on the way to the Big Buddha.
We visited here in March and was very disappointing in the park. We have been to other disneylands so this may of spoilt us. The disney castle is only 1 4 the size, there is no where as much merchandise to purchase or to choose from. I'm into scrapbooking and couldn't even get an album, t shirts for children only had iron on transfers, men's t shirts were not available in the larger sizes. No where near the amount of rides and just does not have the buzz. Food availability is limited on any western foods. I was taking my grand children here but have decided against it and will go to LA instead.
Spent an entire day and had great fun . The place was not too crowded and had a wait time of about 10 min. For the more popular rides. The place is well organised with different sections and is easy to get around with the map provided.indian veg. Lunch can be had at Tahitian treasure restaurant which is located in adventureland. Icing on the cake was the spectacular fireworks show at 8 pm. Stay on and dont miss the firework display.
try buying your ticket in china travel, terminal1 airport they're cheaper. buy the 2day pass so you won't be rushed and see everything. food isn't good eat outside before coming.bring water its expensive there. see the 3 shows and the parade and the fireworks. dont miss mystic mountain it looks like a haunted house but is actually a ride. the new sections are toy story and grizzly gulch. lots of photo ops. see the spinning statue in the museum in front its great. if you dont want to get rattled dont ride the roller coaster inside the mountain, its very fast.when you get down its like being drunk.
We bought a 2 days ticket, but please don't repeat that mistake! Fast pass option was not even offered by the staff in the counter and the queues are incredibly long. The Disney characters are pricey too and do not wander around the Park.... And, unless you are staying up in the Disneyland Hotels, forget the fireworks show, as transportation to city is tooooooooo long, in terms of time.
We are regular Disney visitors   we even own a timeshare and the whole family loves rides. This is a smaller themes park that is well laid out with some great rides   one shaped like a U that rocks you back and forth and one with a monkey who makes magic that are different from the USA rides. The restaurants were disappointing with few options that were tasty and beyond fast food. I would have liked to have seen more of a local imprint but otherwise a great place to visit for a day or two while in HK with children. Staying at the hotel and day passes allowed us to spend a series of 1 2 days in the park which balanced it out more. Overall good but zero perks for DVM members who get alot in the USA.
Apologies for the delay. HongKong Disney Land is a wonderful outing for a family of 4. Tickets:* When you go by flight to Hongkong, check which terminal you are landing. in T2, there is a Disneyland shop. If you buy the ticket there, one Mickey Umbrella is free. (Pls check in website once, as they may change the promotions). * Alternatively, you can buy the ticket in Central Station Hongkong station. * You have option of one day pass or two day pass. If you want to see everything leisurely, go for two day shop. There is Disney hotel available inside the disney land itself. check for the combo promotion of hotel disney ticket. May work out cheaper. Rides:* For the rides, there is NO cost. But waiting time would be there for sure since May month is summer holiday seasons. Food:* Very few options available for the Veg. at the same time, its very difficult to bypass the security and take your own food. Budget : * Ticket prices for a day or two days as per your convenience. (check the disneyland website for latest price ).* Check the Day of your travel. The timings of the show, start time of disney land and end time (sometimes 8 pm or sometimes 10pm) varies. Better to go on a day when they start early and end late. Varieties:There are 7 types of entertainment in Disney. There are lot of  Meet & Greet  session. when you enter the disneyland itself there would be mickey and minnie meet and greet session. normally tis is very crowded. If you go inside, you can find another mickey and minnie. So, better not to wait near the entrance for the photo session.
If you have been to the real deal (in the USA) then Hong Kong Disney will be disappointing unless you except that it is a much smaller version. Its very easy to get to HK Disney by Train and the crowds are no where like the USA version, in fact, the longest you wait for any ride is only about 20 minutes!. The park itself is catering towards the younger children, with only two scary rides (Space Moutin and Grissly grouch). The grounds are lovely and very clean and the disney parade is worth seeing.The costs are not great, so if you have some free days in Hong Kong, and some small children, then its worth the visit .
Having been to Orlando parks on many occasions I was doubtful as to what I would think of a single park Disney. It was a clear sunny warm Sunday when we went. This is not a roller coaster park but the rides are good and different from Orlando. The park was busy but queues were around 20 30 minutes which is not too bad for a weekend in my view. Although, be prepared to hold your space in queues   you will come across lots of people trying to push past and queue cutting   just block their way and stand firm   it's not aggressive just annoying. Overall I was more impressed than expected. A good day out and the Disney MTR is fun.
We travelled as a large family group. Everyone of us from grandparents to the 4 year olds loved our 2 days there so much. It really is a magical place. The rides are great and the majority are aimed at younger children. The staff are very friendly and spoke English well. The food wasn't expensive and we ate lunch and dinner there on both days. The parade was fantastic and the fireworks amazing. We caught a train from tst and it was very easy to get there. We can't wait to get back to HK and go again.
Visited Hong Kong Disneyland with my friends and colleagues last November, 2013. The first thing that really astonished me is that HK Disneyland has its own dedicated train! The windows are in the shape of Mickey Mouse's head, and every C shaped seat ends in a glass display case with a Disney character inside. The ride was comfy and cool.Upon alighting at the dedicated Disney Train station, we were greeted by greenery with pavilions and kiosks done Disney style. After a considerable walk and tons of picture taking, we entered the main avenue and watched the daily afternoon parade. We watched the Golden Mickeys show   it is sure to bring out the kid in anyone and is highly recommended! Then we made our way into the amusement rides and got a hair raising treat!After a couple of rides, we went to watch another show   the Lion King show. The performers were all excellent, the dance scenes excitingly choreographed. For anyone who has watched the movie, it's a good idea to see the show based on it! Once the Lion King show was finished, we went to see the 3D show. Apparently, it wasn't only 3D   it was also wild and wet! When Donald Duck throws a pail of water, we were also sprinkled! When Alladin and Princess Jasmine flew across the skies on their magic carpet, we were there with them as the wind snappily blew on our faces. After the show I found that there were miniature sprinklers everywhere. This was for me, the best part of HK Disneyland!Then we went to watch the fireworks display, which was synchronized with music. The songs played again brought me back to childhood days.Finally, we topped our visit with some shopping and a pancake shaped like Mickey Mouse!One of my friends brought her 7 year old son with her, and he enjoyed every minute of it! And so did I, of course!
Our visit to Hong Kong Disneyland was a truly memorable experience this time. We took a 2 day ticket and we didn't want to wait for our hotel room to get ready, so we decided to visit the park first. At first look everything was like before, although the Railroad has been shut down for maintenance and will open in 2015. Half of Main Street is also undergoing renovation. We chose to go on a Monday and Tuesday hoping to beat the rush, but unbelievably there were huge crowds like you would expect on a holiday maybe. So, the lines were very long but we were able to visit the whole park and do some 5 6 rides. We also repeated some rides we really liked the next day. Fantasy land is the best if you have young children especially girls. We did the carousel, phillar magic (really good) and winnie the pooh and it's a small world. The best part was perhaps The Golden Mickeys show which although we saw in Mandarin, it was still quite the rocker! The language of the show is displayed out side the entrance only so make sure to check. Three new sections have been added and they are all very good. Toy Story has fun rides and photo ops. Mystic Manor is not to be missed if you enjoy a Haunted House kind of experience. It was really good fun, car ride. Indian food is available only at Adventureland but you get 2 3 options. The Lion King show is also shut down for renovation. A must watch are the Parade in Fantasy land outside the Cinderella Castle at 3:30 pm. All the disney characters come out in colourful costumes and lots of singing and dancing which is pure joy to watch. Also, must watch are the fireworks at 8:00 pm. The best view is from the middle of the main street. Really enjoyable and worth all the time and money spent. Tomorrow land also has some really good rides for kids. Kids have a great time here. Overall, really amazing two days spent at the park and will surely come back for more in the future!
Pardon me haha , i just love cute Disney characters marching down the aisle of the streets, my buddies and I had a awesome time with the roller coaster times again, the fireworks shows are just simply spectacular, its pretty affordable for the tickets and food.
We had just spent three weeks travelling through China starting in Beijing and finishing up in HK. We arrived early on the Disney train and had previously bought our tickets at the Disney stall in one of the main malls, the name of which escapes me. We were first on one of the rides as the Chinese don't appear to enjoy the rides as much as the shows that are on offer. We had a brilliant time, we made sure we went on everything, some rides even a few times and saw all the shows and the parades. Having previously visited Euro Disney I was impressed. HK is obviously smaller as it's just the one park but we had a brilliant time. We were there all day until closing and when we left the night after we even fly over it, looked very pretty all lit up.
we have spent a great day at Hongkong disneyland. it was big day for the kids. 'small world' is a world that attracts people from all age groups. the fireworks show is spectacular. you need to arrive atleast 45 minutes prior to the show to get a good view of the show. do collect the show timings so that you will not miss any show. it will help you in maximizing the enjoyment within the available time. you will get halal food at certain restaurants(one near tarzan's tree house will serve halal food).
If your expecting Disneyland LA or a Disney World type experience in terms of size, rides, food, etc you'll be sorely disappointed. If you want a Disney experience, small crowds, have young children and unique worlds this is the place. My family and friends went with our 7 year olds and younger and had a wonderful time. It was periodically raining yet this diminished the crowds and our wait times were no more than 5   10 min. It was awesome to see all the rides and most importantly our kids loved it. The weather was rather cool, sporadic rain, yet a simple poncho helps. If you plan on traveling with a large group, having sit down meals and buying disney goods think about the Magic Access card. I purchased the platinum card. Good for one year from the date of purchase. 4 of my adult guests were half price, food was 20% off at select restaurants and shipping. All in all we saved enough money to pay for the card on this trip. Plus next time I'll get same discounts on good, goods and 20% off on lodging and 10% off my guests tickets. Watch out for mainland Chinese. Most of them are unaware of their surroundings, pushy, rude and cut in line constantly. Just ignore them, stick a arm bar out or have your family, friends block the line your in. Overall, unavoidable yet no reason to avoid this awesome park.
For the price of the ticket we expect a bit more warm and friendly welcome from the park esp the employees. I understand generally people in HK move fast lane but that is not an excuse to be such dry and to some extend snobbish with us the guests. Be more helpful and precise in giving directions and help us understand the park guide even though they are not in charge at customer service section.Weather was almost completely wet thoughout the season and we would expect the park to be more proactive in arranging schedule for parade and fireworks such as early information. Delay and cancellation of fireworks were stressful for children who could have left in happiness to watch it. The least we expect is to give info for us to be prepared with season like now or give little discount as people travel across the world for this, end up fireworks cancel. Yesterday it delayed almost 45 minutes and informed only after 20 minutes pass the schedule time, it cause huge distress to most young children.
We can access this place very easy by subway. Reasonable transport cost. This disney Character on the train will amaze kids. be ready for long que during high seasons. Very hot during summer, we have to prepare an umbrella. Bringing enough drinking water is advisable. Don't miss parade agenda also fire work in the end of journey. This is heart of this theme park.
Catch the train to Disney   as with all public transport in Hong Kong   the MTR is incredibly efficient & cheap. It costs about $4AU to get there. We agree with past reviews, Disney HK is very small and there are more shops than rides and attractions. Luckily we had a short wait time for most rides   the best one being Grizzly Gulch runaway mine cars. We saw all of the park and had finished within about 3.5 hours.Worth seeing, but wouldn't go again.
Easy access by subway, it seems a small Magic Kingdom, so not good for teenagers. Disney standards of quality are preserved. Be prepared to long lines all days of the week.
Very expensive ..    Food tasteless  Burger was about $20 US and was worth about $3!!!  Bring your own food
Entrance fee is inclusive all rides and must visit all the roller coasters. Its about to take whole day to visit all part and avail all the rides. It has fabulous fire works usually happens at 8'o clock evening.
Being a true blooded American, I have been to both Disneyland & Disney World Parks a number of years ago with my children & thoroughly enjoyed the time spent. Now, at age 64, I had a curiosity about this Park while visiting Hong Kong, so I visited the Park before departing from the nearby Airport. I was doubtful I would enjoy it that much but was proven wrong ... it was a great experience indeed except for the cold weather. In the 4 5 hours I was there, I was able to visit all 7 thee parks, enjoy some of the rides venues for  older  kids & left happy that I went. The fact that it is the smallest of the Disney theme parks actually worked out better for me ... less walking, more time to enjoy the venues & being that it was a Monday, less crowds shorter lines. :)
well,almost 2 years i went here but it still be memorable in my life. for me disneyland is a little heaven in the middle of skyscraper in HongKong,with a gorgeous view.i really enjoying my day when i was in HK.i promise and i definitely will back to HongKong
There is absolutely no way you can leave Hong Kong without going here! It's so incredible and has so many of the attractions from the theme parks in Orlando Florida but in just one park! I found all the staff to be very kind and helpful. The parade was absolutely beautiful, I would recommend buying tickets online as it is a bit cheaper which helps, and if your not staying inside Disneyland resort and you're on the main Hong Kong island you should leave EARLY because the trains to get to the park get very very busy and it can be a bit of a headache. Lovely trip, I want to go again!
As seniors we paid only 100HKD admistson and we thoroughly enjoyed our day there. We love  It's a Small World  and did that twice. The area set up for that is even nicer than at Disney USA. The only show that was presented,  The Golden Mickeys,  was quite good. The 3 D move  Mickey's PhilharMacgic   was also great. We did go on some of the other less wild rides. We had lunch at the Starlite Diner restaurant in Tomorrowland and it was surprisingly good and reasonably priced for the chicken with rice dish with soda. The Flights of Fancy parade at 3:30 was well done. The shops were full of Disney things and we couldn't resist. It was an easy park to navigate and one we did enjoy.
if you want to relive your childhood days and just go back to the time when you have not a care in the world, then you must visit this place. Enjoy the scenery and see Disney cartoons come to life.
Went here last October 2010 with my big family group, and was mesmerised by the whole idea of it. Went panic buying on so many disney stuffs, not cheap so need to save and bring in pocket money. The two sets of parade were awesome...More
Small rides, without too much imagination or thrill factor. The Disney characters are hard to find when walking around, in fact no characters were walking around the crowds like we have seen elsewhere.  Easy to get to using the MTR
One day isn't enough for my kids to explore and ride on all the attractions. It was still manageable for crowds and queuing during a weekday. Just get used to the loudness of the PRC tourists wherever you go. It be great if some of...More
Our trip to Hongkong was really for my youngest son, to be able to visit and enjoy Disneyland while he is still a child, but honestly, I too, enjoyed going to Disneyland! Especially the place where the theme is  Its a small world after all ,...More
Disneyland is located in Lantau Island. The best & fastest way to reach Disney is to take the MTR. Max 30 Mins from anywhere in the city.  1 Day (Normal) costs HKD 450. Try to get into the park Sharp 10 AM. Weekdays are usually...More
My friend and i were visited Disneyland on December last year, for us, that was a first time experience to go abroad. We were very enjoyed the theme park, the attraction, the landscape, the food and everything inside,it's really worth it to go there if...More
We had read so many negative reviews about Hong Kong Disney that we almost didn't go. I'm glad we did! We are Disney annual passholders, pin traders and enthusiasts. We found this little Disney experience very interesting. It's very small, but spacious think Animal Kingdom. Because it's...More
I applaud Disneyland HK for keeping the magic and bringing in new attractions as we visit the park over the past six years. The Toy story attractions were fun and who can forget the Grizzly Gulch roller coaster?! It is a place that truly caters...More
My kids really enjoyed the attractions at Disney Land. Even though this is small when compared to other theme parks, the attractions in this park is very good and its suitable for all ages if you like the Disney characters.
I've always loved going to theme parks and Disneyland is one of my favourites. I've been to HK Disneyland 3 times now and each time, I have the same review of the place. I love Disneyland! It's smaller compared to the other Disneylands I've been...More
It is an average type of themepark, more for younger kids, there are some extreme rides for young adults too, but I find the attaction too pricey. Nothing much inside , my kids AS HALF DISAPPOINTED HALF SATISFIED, somehow bored and asked to leave earlier.  But...More
We have a 17 year old and a 7 year old and I can honestly say, that all 4 of us had so much fun. Disneyland is a fun place and it brought out the child in all of us. Go early as the park...More
We had a brief and expensive outing here and will not be returning. The queues were ridiculous, it was a tad scruffy and all in all a big con. Hong Kong is incredible, this lets it down big time.
What a day my family had, this was a bucket list of mine and i had the best day. Now where to start.......  Crowds are very thick but hey it s Disneyland.  Best of course the Lion king show, mystic manor, 3d mickey,  jungle river cruise,...More
If it wasn't for the fast pass, we wouldn't have rode the popular rides. Every attraction had a really long queue but everything was magical. There wasn't a ride we didn't enjoy. I love the excitement it gave me even if I was just walking...More
Finally I went to Disneyland in January 2012 and it was worth all the wait. Although we are all adults, my family enjoyed the trip. It was fun to walk around in daylight since the weather was cold. The parade was so exhilarating to watch and I took too much pictures of it.. Yipeee.. Everywhere you look at is beautiful even inside the comfort rooms lol.. It was quite sad that we did not get to explore all the rides with the limited time we had but we made it up by going to all the attractions. Finally, the fireworks display was so enchanting. I soooo want to watch it again. Tip: Make sure that you save one whole day for this trip. The lines for the rides and picture taking with princesses are sooo long..
It's OK. We've visited on a wednesday, it was crowed. The place it's small for the amount of people, and the rides are few. If you have visited Disneyland or Disney World, you'll probably get disappointed.
Having visited HK Disneyland in Sept 2009, we were lucky enough to experience their 4th Birthday, fantastic park, Not too big & Not too small.... we were lucky enough to visit for two days, the kids absolutely loved it, especially toy story land, overall this is one of the better disney sites, it wasn't overly busy but was buzzing. as with all theme park, prices are high, we paid $700 for Disney photo's taken throughtout the day by Disneyland staff... approx   70, although we did get 12 A4 size photos. defo worth a visit if you venture to Hong Kong... I know I will be back... maybe next year, to celebrate it's 10th Birthday?? I recommend you try a hotel park package, we did and it gives you more time in the park. the breakfast is stunning too, big choice, 5* accommodation....
As a child I always dreamt of seeing the world of Disney. Little did I expect that this dream of mine would be fulfilled 17 years later. As I entered through the magical gates of Disneyland, the melodious music of Disney's all time classics transported me to my childhood. I felt as if I was 8 again and suddenly felt nothing but Mickey, Donald, Mini, Daisy and Goofy around me. As I visited each themed area of the place, each classic that I had watched paid around me. Toy Story, Little Mermaid, Hercules...... It was beautiful.The place was very easy to navigate, thanks to the park's map provided by the park authorities and the helpful nature of all the stall and shop owners. Despite knowing little English, they tried their best to keep us guests and visitors comfortable. The park was full of fantastic rides. Though the park was much smaller than France or US based Disney parks, it was totally worth the visit.Disneyland is a place which brought me back my childhood days and I felt just like another happy, optimistic, innocent child going there and wished that feeling could exist forever.This is a place where no gender, age or strata must be looked at and if you visit Hong Kong, PLEASE visit it at least once.
Stayed 2D 1N in Disney hotel as a package and obviuosly played 2 relaxed days there although 1 full day would suffice.   Most aspect same as other Disneys that we visited previously.
A must do if you visit Hong Kong irrespective of your age or gender... Look out for HK school holidays before deciding on a date, and avoid them, as the que's for rides are much shorter. Get in early as possible if you are interested in photogrphy and want to capture your memories... Be aware of the parade and special show times and plan your day accordingly.
Its one the best theme park to be visit in asia. Good customer service, foods and souvenir are quite expensive. Time is well able to manage in the theme park. There are english and cantonies language available at the theme park. I really enjoy with my family at disney.
So if you are the Disney's fan then you will love this. The park is decorated with all Disney's theme. Ensure you don't miss the Flights of Fantasy Parade and Disney In The Stars Fireworks.Few things that impressed me were the Disney's show and lion king show, the Mystic Magneto   Electric Carriage, Jungle River Cruise, Mine Cars, the small world and so on.
But not good for teenagers. It was a mistake going there. We thought it would have exhilarating rides but obviously teenagers weren't the target market here. Kids would definitely love it here, with the castle and Toy Story. But the park was rather small and we finished exploring the whole area, but obviously this is from a teenager's standpoint.
Took the grandchildren a couple of times over 5 years and it is a great place to see Disney at its best.
The whole park was decorated for halloween so i'm sure it was different than it would be usually. Enjoyed all the attractions! The Lion King Musical is a must! There were some fantastic haunted houses as well. Really enjoyed the Glow In The Dark Halloween Parade and fireworks...More
Me, my wife and our 5 year old had a fantastic day at the Disneyland in Hong Kong. I would highly recommend everyone with children must keep a day or two to visit the Disneyland. The ideal would be two days. There are a lot...More
This is my 3rd time going to the HK Disneyland and the new attractions definitely made my day. The Toy Story Land is new and the adults should try the racer back&forth roller coaster. Some of the rides are still exciting but these are not...More
everything is really really great! enjoyed much.  the food is very expensive inside but i dont mind since i dont go there everyday :)
We took our 3 and half year old to Disneyland on the first Friday after the Chinese New Year. As most people were still on their holidays we were expecting it to be packed out. It was very crowded with queues at all the attractions....More
had friends take me nice size to roam around in the rides were fun and prices ok for the park spent the day there
Enjoyed a lot! :)  Kids will definitely love this place. It's the closest disneyland from us here in the Philippines. :)   Male sure to bring more than enough money if u want to buy stuff from the disney store.
This review specifically relates to food within the park at Corner Cafe  Having enjoyed some amazing meals recently at Anaheim Disneyland, and with Hong Kong being the food capital of the world, I had high hopes for the dining experience at HKDL.  On our first...More
its Actually the best time , i had with my friends , so a nice amusement park and it's easy to access the MTR through disney land.sure i will visit once again .  Regards  Sulthan
This was my second visit to disneyland.The ride to disneyland gave us a big surprise when we saw the comfy seats with mickey ears windows.plus it has different figurines display on train.There are many rides and shows that cater to families with young kids.Of course...More
I went here with a friend last month and had a laugh, its a bit of a journey on the mtr, but worth it. there's a special Disney themed train from sunny bay to the park, which is nicely decorated. The admission is cheap, about   35, and the park is small so you don't spend most of your time wandering around, and the longest we ever had to wait for a ride was 15 minutes, all in all a good day out x
A bit smaller than other Disneyland Parks, but well worth a visit. We went on a weekday in October 2013, the park was decorated with pumpkins for Halloween. The park was spotless, there were not too many people around and most of the rides had no queues, so there was plenty of time to go on loads of rides. The food in the restaurant was good too. All in all a brilliant day out.
We've been to the Paris' & Tokyo and honestly it's really small as compared to those we've been. Good thing is that the q were really short and we were able to play ALL the rides in a day!
First of all, I must say that when we visited it was cold and drizzling, so that might affect the review a little. We took the special Disney themed MTR ( Magical Train Ride ? They really should have taken advantage of this acronym) to the park. We arrived at the Western styled train station which was, of course, very Disney, but also gave us the impression of a slightly  cheap knock off  effect...Ticket for entry was HK$450 for an adult, which is very similar to a ticket price for Alton Towers in the UK, but in terms for bang for your buck, this place was lacking. Disney is still very popular in Hong Kong and China, so obviously a theme park here would do great business, but having been to theme parks before, my wife and I had certain expectations. My wife especially so, since she has been to the Disneyland in Florida. The trademarked Disney castle was shamefully small. The rides were not incredibly thrilling. That is not to say they weren't fun, but their warning to tell riders to remove their glasses for Space Mountain, were very overcautious. I just ended up feeling quite sick for not having my glasses on as I could not see the ride. The best rides were the Runaway Mine Cars and Mystic Manor, but since there are only 6 or so rides there, there aren't many to choose from. We managed to spend 4 hours in the theme park, but we left with a mostly dissatisfied view of the place. The place obviously had to cater more to the locals and so, the place concentrated on shows, souvenir shops, and eateries, which were not our thing. At least, I can say, we have visited it now, but I think if you want a true Disney experience, then this is not the Disneyland to visit.
Went here a few years ago now when I was 16 and still loved the place, very family friendly for all ages and very very clean, one of the cleanest places we went to in Hong Kong had a great day .. Not to be missed, very family friendly
I went with a group of 13, this was the end of our trip to China and Hong Kong and the children loved it, everyone wore there Mickey ears and let their hair down. Queues were not too bad but the weather was very cold. Lots of shopping to do although expensive but that is to be expected as all Disney purchases are
well...as expected, this place is offering so much fun for different ages...and as a person who loves cartoon so much...i always find that Disneyland (anywhere) is just a right place to be for vacation...
I went with a group of 3 friends to Disneyland Hong Kong in January 2014. We had a fun day wearing Mickey ears and being able to be big kids for a day. I have been to Disneyland Anaheim and this is a great copy of the original. The parade was wonderful and the lion king show spectualar. I still had that wonderful Disney feeling but it wasn't as good as the original. I would still strongly advise to go for at least 1 day. The customer service was great and the atmosphere was excellent. I had a FANTASTIC day and have great memories that I will always treasure. Thank you Disney for another great day.
I've been to many theme parks, but Disney Hong Kong is the best among them all.The park is not as big as I expected, but well organized. Unlike many other parks in China mainland, for any activities you always have to queue for long, but Disney organized well, you really don't need to wait much time.The theme areas are funny and cute, while playing them, you just find yourself back to childhood again. I heard that HK Disney is not the best one, I wish someday I may visit Disney Tokyo soon.
If you have been to Florida or even Paris then Main Street in Hong Kong will be a let down and the castle a shock. But although the finesse maybe lacking at the entrance the rest of the park has the Disney feel. We went on a cool day which was quiet, no queues not even to see Mickey which was great!
The kids love it..but the older kids (mommy & I) have experienced Anaheim knows the magical feeling of entering Disneyland and there were none on a really cold day.Getting there was a breeze via the MTR and the crowd was relatively thin on a Wednesday. We were considering staying at the resorts, but our friends told us that it all can be done within a day.Stop off at Main Street corner cafe for brunch and to get away from the cold. Bad food and uninterested wait staff :(Tomorrowland has the best rides and we managed the get pictures with Buzz Lightyear and Stitch. In fact the characters here are more accessible than in US. Definitely there are like 2 sets of each characters.Our 4 and 1 year old were so excited to see all of them especially Mickey! The camera crew were very nice and so were the ride attendants.Fantasyland would be good for very young children with the Small Small World & Winnie the Pooh rides.Toy Story Land has also good rides and displays.The other areas were not really themed after any Disney franchises, so didn't add much excitement to our kids.Flight of Fantasy Parade at 330pm was Ok. But the fireworks show at 730pm was quite spectacular.Interestingly it was easy to take the MTR back as most visitors are from tour groups on coaches or staying at the resorts.Merchandise pricing were not too high and I could see how affluent the mainland Chinese were with their spendings.Overall... a starter Disneyland for kids. Definitely a watered down version. Now I fully understand why they say Ocean Park is better.
I suppose your reception and and enjoyment may largely be due to your country of origin. HK Disneyland was designed for Main Land Chinese. For others it is expensive... the food is uneatable and the attractions poor. If you have ever been to Disneyland in Anaheim or Walt Disney World cherish the memory and give this one a miss. Basically for Main Land Chinese and HK Residents that have small children and need a place to take them.
I came on weekdays to avoid the queue and it was great. The queue for one attraction is an hour tops so you can cover more grounds in one day. It is also save me some money because I don't need to buy fastpass. Another tip is to bring your own water bottle because the park provides free drink. The attractions are good and there is everything for everyone. The food on the main street U.S.A is overpriced!!!! Be sure to check other outlets such as tomorrowland where the price is more reasonable. Personally I don't like high speed rides but I still could have fun with attraction such as mystic manor, river cruise, etc and for you adrenaline junkies stop by at toy story land or the grizzly gulch roller coaster. A minor things, I would like to see more photo session with the characters and more lockers storage as it runs out so fast. The best is of course the parades and the fireworks at fantasy land. Be sure to come at least 30minutes before the show, there is always that annoying people that will sit in front of you without queueing.
We didn't have to queue for many of the rides, but it was raining all day and 8 degrees. My children have lived long enough in England, that I don't think it put them off too much. It's like a spring day in England. My children (7 year old girl and 9 year old boy) are not the biggest of the thrill seekers, so only the car ride and the Winnie Pooh ride did they really enjoy. Frankly most of them felt like fair ground attractions with a lick of disney paint. I wouldn't have been too happy to queue for hours to ride a carousel or some of the other smaller rides. Maybe we've been spoilt, but it certainly isn't a patch on Legoland in Windsor (UK) for younger children. That said, the shows that we saw were fantastic and I would give these priority over the rides, because they are truly of standard you see in the theatre and are full of colour! The food is about twice the price you would pay in the city and was of canteen quality. They do search bags, but I believe that is purely as a security measure. They didn't take our water off us or the packs of sweets we were carrying. Also, I would question if there's any value in staying in the Disney hotel, it's miles away from the train station and the theme park itself. In fact it was less walking to get to the MTR and walk to our hotel. (About 40 minutes and our hotel is Kowloon) Also you don't have to be hotel guests to have dinner or breakfast there.We did not stay for the fireworks, so I can't review them. However it feels like a good way to scam you into eating dinner at the park....
this place is great! we found that 1 day wasnt long enough though if you want to do absolutely everything. all the shows are very well rehersed! avoid waiting in lines for rides via using fastpass its soo good. the disney shop is good and not all of them are the same. you might be able to save time in the gift shops by visiting the disneyland shop in the airport however as we probably spent 2 hours here in total for the whole day! everything was adorable! defiantly see the parade! the price of food is about 70 100 HKD the places where we went
This is my 1st Disneyland theme park, overall Hk Disneyland is wonderful place and its totally magical. The characters meet n greet is gorgeous too, we don't need to catch up the time for getting a photo with Disney characters, since they provide many time slot for character's meet and greet. The attractions are good, especially the fireworks show. It's so magical and beautiful. HK Disneyland fireworks show is the best fireworks show that I ever seen. Overall, the admission fee is totally worth with the experience.
Been here when I took my NCLEX test, and I couldn't forget it because right after the test, we went staright to disneyland because we only had one day left and we are going back to kuwait to work. The attraction is pretty nice and the location is beautiful, the place is super clean, and what I love most inside the disney is the train that travels undergound, and you will know you are inside the ground when you feel your ears poppin'. lol, very accessible, during the time we went there i think disney had just operated for a month so every good things were expected, nothing to complain about.
This is my First Time came to Disneyland. I enjoy all the show but don't go there in winter, very cold weather and raining. Easy to traveled by MTR, just transit at Sunny Bay and then Interchange to Disneyland Resort Line. It is Recommended to go in the afternoon, because you can watch Fireworks in the night. See the schedule for Fireworks and for other show (like parade, Mickey 3D show, etc). The staff really friendly, they help us so much. We need to take a lot of money, because lots of souvenirs, so cute.. I love it. I wait until 9PM for watching Fireworks. Really nice and worth it for waiting. For the food is not worth for your money because too expensive, but the place really nice. Magical Place and awesome. I'm happy to be there. Next trip I'll go there again.
Disneyland is truly the happiest place on earth and brings out the kid in all of us. I spent my 43rd birthday here and despite the rain during the first part of the day, Disneyland did not disappoint. I loved the shows and thoroughly enjoyed myself. I grew up with Disney and hearing the songs being sung live was a joy! The Festival of the Lion King and The Golden Mickeys were great! I have not heard  Out There  for quite some time and was surprised that I could still sing along to most of the lyrics on the chorus. The cast members were very talented and good looking :) I just wished I understood what they were saying during the Golden Mickeys. It was in Chinese all throughout the show and I should have sat on the right side of the theatre where the English subtitles were being shown onscreen. Oh well!Being a weekday, there were not a lot of people and there was hardly any queue. Wait time was short except for popular attractions like Winnie The Pooh and Buzz Lightyear's Astroblaster. I absolutely enjoyed Mystic Manor and went through it twice!!! There is a variety of food to choose from but can be a bit expensive. Am not entirely sure whether the Meal Ticket actually saved us money as I have a very small appetite. I hardly finished the bowl of noodles I had at Clopin's Festival of Foods. My only regret was that I was too tired and cold to wait for the fireworks which I heard to be awesome. The benches were cold so I did not really have a comfortable place to wait it out. There was a wind blowing that added to the chill. It must have been 6 8 degrees towards the evening. If you're visiting Disneyland around this time, wear warm clothes. Being from a tropical country, I admit I was ill prepared but I know better next time.It was a great experience worth doing again. I am already planning our trip for next year so I can go back and try the attractions I missed.
We traveled from the CENTRAL Train Station direct to Disneyland by trains and in my opinion this is the fastest way to get there as the train drops you at the front gates of Disneyland. It is recommended that you do arrive nice and early so you have time to see all the shows, ride all the rides, partake in photo opportunity's with the Disney characters. I also recommend that you purchase the 2 day pass as then you can see everything you missed out on the first time. Please take lots of money with you of a fully loaded credit card as there is so many opportunity's to purchase souvenirs from the many shops as well as photos from the Characters and rides. I found the fireworks OK but maybe not worth the hour long wait to see them.
Disneyland is a place where you can enjoy and have fun. The rides are fantastic and pumps your adrenalin. There are many shows that will give you ever lasting memories. Good variety of food is available for purchase. You will enjoy the whole experience.
Food is not worth for your money. We didn't enjoy much of the rides due to long queue and some people DO NOT know how to fall in line, while some staff tolerate the behavior. Highlight of that evening was the fireworks display. It was awesome and we were happy that we stayed and waited for it.
It's so much smaller than any of the other Disneylands and they hardly have any characters. If you can go to any other Disneyland, give this one a miss. Better to go to Ocean Park on the south side go Hong Kong Island.
An exciting experience especially for the children. So many awesome rides and thrill adventures for the whole family. But be prepared for the never ending lines and the short rides ... To make the trip worth it we arrived at Disneyland at 10 am (opening hour) and left after the firework display at 8pm ... Treasured memories :)
Disney was awesome and not just for kids, walking thru the main gates and seeing the castle was just as magical for me!!!!! Try and do the popular rides early as the afternoons get very busy and remember to use your fast pass. The food at Disney was good and prices were ok. We did two days and found we really needed it as we couldn't have fitted it all in one day. Sadly we didn't get to do the fireworks as it was just too cold. Totally magical!!!!
Don't go to Hong Kong just for Disneyland, but if you are there with your kids, it is well worth one day of your vacation. Our kids were 8, 6 and 4. Highlights included the metro ride to Lantau Island, Water Parade, 3D movie, teacups, small world, Lion King show, Golden Mickeys. Lines were long, but not unreasonably so. Get there when the park opens and go straight to the back   small world and teacups. You can ride several times in a row because no line!
Made a visit to disneyland hong kong whilst on a stop over flight from the philippines to ireland.we arrived at the attraction in the afternoon after a 20 minute cab ride from the airport.My 3 children were very excited.we decided to look for the characters to have some pictures taken we soon came across goofy and my kids were so excited and looking to meet him and have there pictures taken,after 1 or 2 kids in front of us had there picture taken with the character we brought our children forward to meet him we were told by park staff that were in attendance in an aggressive manner that there was no more pictures that it was 6pm after pleading to take just one quick picture they were having none of it.we were totally unaware that this would be the situation that although the park does not close until 9pm the disney characters that make people go there in the first place finish work at 6pm .my wife and i felt very sad and upset not just for our children but for other children also. If we were aware of this we would not have gone.Millions spent building this place but the characters the kids love and want to meet clock off at 6 sharp.what a joke
Having been to 3 other Disney parks before, this one didn't seem to have anything different from the others. But for a family with kids, it has enough attractions to occupy the kids' attention for at least 1 full day. Of all the Disney parks, this one had the least queuing time. There's a good selection of food to choose from. My only complaint is there's not enough seats for those who don't wanna do the rides and would have to wait for the others to finish their rides.
I have been to many other Disneyland parks in the hotel (Paris, USA and Tokyo) and while it is true that HK Disneyland is inferior to the rest, it is still good nevertheless for the experience.During non peak seasons, the park is very pleasant and you can really enjoy every ride many times. Definitely good for families with small children and elderly.
May be I have been to Disneyland in Japan & U.S.A, so, I don't think Hong Kong disneyland is too much attractive for me. The size is quite small. Also, so many many people here made me to queue up for a long time for everything. It was really not a joyful experience. Suggest all visitors avoid any public holiday to come here.. May be you can get a more peaceful and happy moment.
During the visit, the place was over crowded making impossible to enjoy anything. For everything was needed to wait in line around one hour or even more. Even for MTR tickets was necessary to wait around 20 minutes. The place is great to visit, but avoid as much as possible official holidays.
It was my second time coming here; came with my family back in August 2008, then with my wife and 18 month old daughter during the recent Chinese New Year (CNY) on the 31st January 2014.Compared to last time, there are now 2 or 3 more parks have been added into the park (Toy Story, Grizzly Bear something, and Mystic Point...I think). Hence the increase in ticket price from 5 years ago (it was HKD350 adult, now it's HKD450 adult). The only one that I'd commend would be the new roller coaster in the Grizzly Park. It was unique and awesome despite having zero 360 turns. The others (which are also new) like the Dropping Down thingy and the U shaped roller coaster were boring even from far away. Didn't even bother to queue for them. As a teenager cum lover of extreme rides, I didn't like it very much back then, and I still don't like it now. Kept comparing it to Ocean Park, which was full with extreme rides. But as a family man, I enjoyed it a lot. The entrance staffs even allowed us to bring some of our own foods and mineral water. Maybe because I'm with an infant. But I did try one of the two Halal restaurants. We bought the Briyani set and the Chicken Rice set. They were plentiful, tasty, and did not disappoint. Of course it was expensive   already expected that.Not focusing on the rides, we spent the day enjoying the exhibitions and the magical shows   The Lion King show was awesome, the others were pretty much similar like 5 years ago. Quite plain and boring. We also spent time browsing all the stores and taking pictures   definitely a lot of updated and new products. For products with Disneyland on them, they can be considered affordable because of their quality, in my opinion. Bought a Stitch T shirt in 2008, it still looks like new now even after having wore it for hundreds of times. Even the baby room was excellent, although there was only one for the entire park!CONS:The sea of people clearly disrupted some of those moments, especially when I found out that Chinese people here actually don't really have common courtesy and public manners   even towards elderly people and families with strollers like me. They'd simply shoulder elbow you without thinking and saying sorry. I think if it's easy to throw their knees around, they'd use them too. If I know about this, I wouldn't have come during CNY. I was actually expecting more...specialized, cultural events or shows because it's the CNY. Just wanted to value or enjoy how Mainland Chinese people celebrate it, compared to Malaysian Chinese. But to no avail. I got to tell you, Malaysian Chinese are definitely better than Mainland's.Will I come here again? Nope! Even during normal days...Luckily I did not waste my money to buy the two day passes, I was so close to buying them.  D
If you can, do avoid coming during CNY! Have to queue way too long for each ride. Do stay until late evening. Just before fireworks, most of the crowd will go to the Main Street to secure a spot. That's the best time to enjoy the ride, just 5 minutes for each queue even for roller coaster. Ride with English guide take less time to wait. The whole experience is still magical although it is super pack.
So, it was my first time going to Disney, and I was getting all hyped up, and so looking forward to the experience.The travelling part was a little taxing but not difficult as the MTR line and Disney resort line are all linked together. Also, entering the place wasn't a hectic despite the heavy crowd as everything was very well organised.The food and stuff there were quite affordable, to my surprise, and I bought a number of souvenirs there. Only downside is that it's nowhere near the city or town, it's isolated, so you definitely have to eat there. The food here is still OK.Coming to the rides and all that, it's kind of cool and all that. However, be prepared to be faced with screaming kids and rude tourists who will just cut the queue or not making way for you to pass. Also, some of the more popular rides required quite a long wait   eg the car ride. Everything is beautiful here and well maintained here. I'm not sure if it's myself, but I was a little disappointed. Although there are sufficient rides and attractions, however, I felt that it could have been expanded more to cater to the large crowd and avid photographer like myself. All in all, it was quite a enjoyable experience, but I felt that more improvement could be made.
This is my 2nd time to the park since 2008 and there are new rides added. It was to be a good experience, but the in flux of mainland Chinese tourists during the Chinese New Year break totally ruined the visit. This specific category of tourists do not yet grasp proper manners, and in pursuit of maximizing their return on investment, they would keep pushing their way and cutting queue at every possibility. Common excuses are some family member at the front of the queue when everyone else are toeing the line. And when you dare to even confront them for cutting queues, they cause a major commotion, and challenge you to a fight. Shame on these Mainland Chinese tourists. As an oversea Chinese myself, I could easily observe these Mainland Chinese tourists are despised at for their aggressive behaviors, and the rest of the Chinese folks (Hong Kong, Taiwan, South East Asia, overseas) generally have way better manners. Disneyland HK really needs to implement stricter rules and penalty to these queue jumpers. They are a total nuisance to everyone else.Food by the way is exorbitant as the park totally monopolized the eateries and have little regards for taste. They would first scan your bags for food before entry and force you to dump any, and once you are in there, the food is 3x more expensive than normal Hong Kong caf  , and taste extremely bad. They have the worst food at the whole of Hong Kong! Total rip off from the park.If there's a choice of zero star, I would have given it just that.
Yes, HK Disneyland may be one of the smallest ones out there, but for those of you who grew up with Disney characters, it provides the full Disney experience in one day. A two day pass is not necessary, as you can see most of the attractions if you start at 10 AM, and finish with the fireworks. Relive your childhood here!
I took the star ferry to Hong kong Island then the bus to the peak , then bought Disneyland ticket and took the bus & MTR TO the magic land : ) Actually it was the highlight of my HK trip...I enjoy it every second, it's some how small so you can't get lost, few rides for Adults, food and drink there are overpriced and too many souvenirs shops even more than the rides, it was Halloween so it was so there were special rides and performances. It was a fun day and a great end of my HK trip. now i wanna go back again
This park is true to the Disney brand and is very easy to access via MTR from anywhere in Hong Kong. The park is not as extensive as the Disneyland located in Disney World, but is an entertaining spot that can be fully enjoyed on a single day visit. Value priced yearly passes make it an entertaining spot for Hong Kong residents. The park's attractions are aimed at younger ages. There are not yet major roller coasters found in some of the larger Disney properties but all the core elements of a Disney family experience are present.
A much smaller and easier to manage theme park day than either Orlando or Japan. Crowds much smaller, so wait times for rides are usually short or reasonable. Many of the same attractions as Orlando, but set closer together, so easy to navigate. Food choices and quality much better than in US, and entrance fees lower than Orlando, therefore better overall value. One day is enough to experience the park. Ignore the rude mainland China visitors who haven't learned that budding in line is unacceptable or that personal space requires respect. Stand your ground, and push back when required.
Visited Disneyland HK last March 2013 with my family       we were there from 10am until 10pm. We really enjoyed all the rides & shows even if we are all young adults. Be sure to see the Flights of Fantasy Parade &  Disney in the Stars  Fireworks @ 9pm     really spectacular. Downside though, resto & food were quite expensive     but at least heaps of choices. A whole day fun is a must!
The smallest Disneyland and a disappointment compared with others in LA and Orlando. It is also very crowded with tourists from the Chinese Mainland.
I have visited Disneyland Paris too but this is one is better. Lots of rides. 4D show, Lion King Show, jungle boat ride ....all are very good. Eating options are limited and costly. Mainly Oriental cuisine. Fireworks are spectacular. Parades are  must see.
Pl plan to reach early morning as soon as it opens.  And be sure that you will return only when it closes down.  Children will be dead tired but they will complain only when you leave their gate and board bus back towards hotel
Visited HK Disneyland with my wife and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves here. It was fun taking photos with the Disney characters as they were really life like and I believe most kids will think that they are for real? We went on an off peak season on weekday and hence queues were acceptable and not very long. The staffs were friendly and greeted us with a great smile. Overall a wonderful trip and highly recommended.
Very good, very big, lots of things to do, loads of attractions, shows, character meetings points, etc etc etc... but strongly advice to avoid this place on weekends and holidays, it is jam packed on weekends and holidays, everything has long queues, the better the attraction the longer queue, and plus the staff over some rides is very very very rude. really rude. it happend to me, in one of the shows, the waiting queue was long so they stopped new people from joining the queue saying that the exact no of people are waiting in queue as the no of seats are there in the show, ok cool, understood, then just in front of me, a group of people who were last in the queue left the queue (for whatever reasons) so i go running to the queue and again i was not allowed to join the queue. so its so obvious that these people are not efficient and understanding as well as rude. really rude staff.You will need the entire day to complete this place, even that is less, and food inside is costly
This place is the epitome of Disney. You smell Disney, with a maple like smell piped through the park. You see Disney when you look at the architectural feats in the park. You hear Disney in the live performances. But mostly you feel the joy of Disney, and childhood nostalgia, when you are there. Grizzly Gulch has an incredible rollercoaster that my kids couldnt get enough of. Food was relatively well priced (for a theme park) and there was a pretty good variety too. It is incredibly clean.You just feel happy being here. Highly reccomend
Visiting Disneyland is always special, not only for kids but equally for adults as well. Hongkong Disneyland has all the ingredients for a world class theme park with lots and lots offun rides and activities to do throughout the day. Visit early if visiting only for a day, becauseone needs to cover lot of grounds to successfully cover all the sub lands in the park such astoystory land, adventure land, main street, grizzly gulch, tomorrow land etc. Click pictures with Mickey and friend at the first opportunity as it tends to get crowded as the day progresses. Dont miss the parade   flights of fantasy and the evening fireworks over the sleeping beauty castle. The shows are interactive and the roller coaster in the tomorrowland is a must visit. You will fall in love with the ambience and disney has done amazing job to create the fantasy land ambience. Lot of restaurants and cafes to choose from throughout the park and in summer keep yourself hydrated. Dont miss the lion king show and the tarzan tree house in the Adventure land.
Disney is Disney, so it still made me wide eyed; but it's maybe... the third happiest place on Earth, after Disneyworld in Florida and Disneyland in Anaheim (I don't know about Paris or Japan since I've never been to either.) Everything was just smaller, less glitzy, but I did enjoy seeing some of my friends in the shows! That was a great experience, and I ultimately still had a wonderful day.
It's a beautiful place. It's like rekindling your childhood memories. I love Mickey and the princesses. You should take a picture with them for remembrance. Make sure to be there when they open and don't leave until they're closing. Mickey and the Golden Globe is a must watch and The Lion King. Make sure to take a map at the entrance so you would know which places you wanted to go. You wont be able to see everything in just one visit so I'm hoping to go back there. The fireworks was amazing with the Aladin music playing!The Mining roller coaster ride was fun and so with the Space coaster. But it's a NO NO to those who has high blood pressure and the ones that are afraid with the heights.Food and Beverages are way too expensive!
This was a great place, my children are 10, 8 and 6 and loved it. We bought a 2 day pass and needed it. The rides are fantastic and cater to all age ranges. Be prepared to have to wait in queues, we sometimes had to wait up to an hour, but we were prepared for it so it was fine. The two days were were there were the weekend so i'm not sure if it's quieter during the week. There was plenty of places for us to eat, and lots of different cuisines. There's also plenty of places to shop! Be prepared for your children to want everything!!!! There are fireworks everynight at 8pm and the best place to watch these is from Main Street. If you have little kids, you may need to put them on your shoulders as it gets very busy with everyone vying for a spot. The staff were all great and we had no language issues at all with everyone speaking English (thankyou, thankyou!!). A small note, if you want to buy a hat that you can embroider your name on, you need to buy the hat at one of the many shops there (keep your receipt) and take it to the shop where the Disney Princess stuff is sold (there is a shop in each area). This is the only place the embroidering is done. There are also heaps of hats in this shop too. It's a great, personal souvenir of a fantastic way to spend a few days.
We had visited Disneyland hongkong in October 2012. The location is little far from the main city but good transport facilities are available from the city like metro, bus and taxis. There are awesome rides for all ages i.e. be it kids or adults. The map and directions within the Disneyland are properly displayed and are helpful to go from one place to other.The best time to visit is during the off seasons as there are no queues, otherwise there are lot of people and it could take one two hours to ride just one ride.Overall a great experience.
Its what we expected. The kids 3 and 10 years old enjoyed the attractions. If you've been to any of the other disneylands around the world then its pretty much the same.
Must visit. Close to Hong kong International Airport. Passengers transiting through hong kong have opportunity to visit. Besides metro connects the disney land from different parts of the city. if you get chance do visit the Mongkok and hollywood street too.
My son and nephew enjoyed the parade so much! He stared and tried uttering words at 2 years old. He just couldn't contain his happiness. I got teary eyed watching it.
We are still young at heart. The attractions are not as comprehensive as Disneyland Anaheim California but there are plenty to keep one entertained. The amount of food outlets and souvenir stores well exceeds the real attractions. Due to the long waiting times, we were only able to attend a few attractions. Getting there is easy, the trains are clearly marked and there is even a special Disneyland railway line which takes you to the parks main entrance. Our travel time from Tsim Sha Tsui was one hour. Please note there is no Matterhorn and bobsled, Tiki House, Haunted but, hey, it's cheaper than flying to Los Angeles. There were many attractions that we would have liked to have attended but with waiting times of up to two hours we moved on.
HK Disneyland has 5 theme parks. If you wanna go through each theme park, you have to spend a whole day there start from 10 am to 8pm. The ticket I bought from CT agency is HKD 550 including a yummy lunch at a restaurant inside Disneyland.
A playground for all ages. No matter how old you are...this is the one place you can have all the fun you had from childhood, reminiscing the sweet memories without being judged. We really enjoyed this place. The most fantastic, magical things can happen, and it all starts with a wish ! the best part is the songs of the sea & the fire works at the end
My first time HK Disneyland back in 2010 was truly amazing that lead me to comeback 2011 and will definitely not gonna be my last. It helps that cool breeze weather in Hong Kong made it great to enjoy the theme park unlike in Signapore's Universal Studio wherein you'll be drenched in heat due to the humidity. As you walk into DL's magical gate & see Moby Dick;s fountain, you'll hear the wonderful classic Disney movies musical scoring (beauty & the beast, little mermaid, cinderella, and more). That will already elate your childhood memories that will be warm your heart. The rides & shows never disappoint! They are all a must try & wonderful! The space ride, lion king, its a small world, tarzan's house are among the you should never miss attractions. Make sure you'll have a photo op with your favorite Disney character in the designated area & designated time. Check your map & activities for the day for a smooth proof leisure. The parade of characters mid afternoon & the fireworks display are the cherry on top your DL adventure.Love, love, love!I surely recommend this experience for the kids & kids at heart    family, friends, lovers. All ages & sizes.Make this trip you wonderful tale too!
A playground for all ages. No matter how old you are...this is the one place you can have all the fun you had from childhood, reminiscing the sweet memories without being judged. We really enjoyed this place. The most fantastic, magical things can happen, and it all starts with a wish !Location   Easily accessible via MTR. very convenientFood   Plenty of choices. Toilet   Clean & plenty. GoodDisabled friendly !Please plan your trip and make the best of it !
Since our return flight from our vacation stopped in Hong Kong, we took the opportunity to spend two nights in HK to see how things have changed since our last visit. One big new change was the addition of HK D'land. We were curious, decided to stay and play! Although it is a much smaller park with a surprisingly small castle, it is fun and clean and has many familiar sites. One part of Main Street was covered in a 'skin' that looked like shops but hid construction. Food areas were adequate but catered mostly to Asian dietary interests. Stores were crowded and busy, but lacked many of the familiar products seen at other Parks. A small but nice tribute to animation greeted visitors to the right as you entered Main Street, also offering a chance to learn how to draw your favorite characters. A new feature we enjoyed was Mystic Manor in the Mystic Point section. This dark ride is unique to HK, but has similarities to Haunted Mansions. You jump in to Lord Henry Mystic's Magneto Electric Carriage to view his 'magical' collection  a must do! There is a surprising lack of other dark rides in the Park  would have loved to see Pirates done HK style. Expect crowds, enjoy the smaller scale of this Park, and say hi to Mickey, one of the most recognizable characters in the four corners of the world.
Went to this place with fam. Surprisingly good, considering it is much smaller than those at Anaheim or Orlando (I have been to both locations).   Do stay at one of the Disney theme hotels. They are worth it and your kids will love it.
We had a day full of fun and entertainment at Hong Kong Disneyland on 1st Jan2014. It was one of the best New Year Day Celebration. Even though it is not as big as Paris or US, but given the overall land size of Hong Kong it was sizable, you would still need lot of energy to enjoy all the rides. Disney Parade takes place at 11, 1 & 4. if one has seen Disney movies, he could easily relate this parade with movie characters and enjoy it better. Rides were extremely wonderful, different type of rides are made suitable to children, youngsters as well as elders. Having spent the whole day at Disneyland, one must watch 9:00PM Fireworks show at the Castle.
Like I've said, surprisingly, this is my favorite Disneyland of all that I've been to (including Tokyo and California). Some of the reasons are its size and its not as crowded. While some people say that it's not as good because it's much smaller than other Disneylands, I find it just the right size for a one day thorough walk. I mean, you could stroll around inside not having to worry if you've visited to all the games unlike some other places where it's so huge and overcrowded that you need at least 3 days to finish everything. Also, some may complain that they don't have as much rides. Personally, I have compared this to Tokyo's, which is much bigger, and I have realized that most of the more funs ones are already in HongKong. It's like they have filtered out some of the less fun rides in order to fit the size of HongKong's. Well, but this couldn't really be said the same for California because California's so incredibly big that they have literally every rides, more fun and less fun. However, HongKong's still remains my favorite, regardless. If you avoid the summer winter break vacations, this place will be almost empty and you could ride the Space Mountain literally more than 10 rounds, unlike in Tokyo where whenever you go, you'll need to wait at least 2 3 hours just to play a ride. Enjoy!
Went on a friday evening, and its already super crowded, can't imagine whats going to be like on Saturdays and Sundays. Queues for taking photos with the Disney Characters are even longer than the rides themselves. So be prepared to spend more than half of your time there waiting and queing. I've spent the whole day there and only manage to take just 4 rides.Plenty of rides and attraction, but mainly designed for kids. Adults probably would not enjoy much. Overall, pales in comparison with Ocean Park. And this would probably my 1st and last time visiting.
Feels more like a shopping mall with rides inside it. The staff are friendly and there are lot of small things to buy for great memories. However, if you've been to any other disney lands you'll be really disappointed. The castle is just so small it's like a fort. You can walk around the place in an hour. There are 2 shows that you should circle in if you do go there. The golden mickey's and the festival of the lion king. However, if you've seen the broadway lion king you will be really underwhelmed by the performance. The show in LA is also much better. Cost 450 hong kong dollars to get in if you buy the tickets at the entrance. The tickets are cheaper if you get them from the airport when you are flying in from wherever you are coming from. If you've never been to a disneyland then go, if you've been to other ones it's not worth the price of admission.
I initially had thought that Disney was for kids, and the prime reason I was going was for my little prince and princess. What we do for our kids right?! However, I loved Disneyland from beginning to end. There are shows galore here for the young and old. The rides are great and not just limited to the little kiddy rides. There was even one that i couldn't go on myself and my husband took my little boy for a spin on Space Mountain! The fireworks spectacular is late. Yes, I know its at 9 pm and I realise that this is way past some kids' bedtimes, and my own too when we're at home. However it is well worth the wait. Lights, sound, fireworks   what more could you ask for?Also the Plaza Inn Cafe is open until late for dinner service and the food is traditional Cantonese and is extremely good. Reasonably priced and lovely, unpretentious service.
Enjoyed ourselves immensely. We did this in the last days of our holiday and I'm glad we ended up going. The ride out in the special train is a thing! And once you get on the Disneyland train you leave all reality behind. As a Disneyland Virgin, I thought this was a blast. We did the photos with Mickey, bought some souvenirs and walked our feet off. It's not huge, but don't be fooled by its size. We had fun, which is what it's all meant to be about :)
We loved this Disney. It was small and very clean. The good was terrible and over priced. The line ups started around 11 am so get there early and you will get right on. Easily laid out. Friendly staff. Well organized. Our kids loved it.
The moment I entered disneyland, everything went magical. It is like a dream come true for us, we want to witness a magical experience, we want to experience the magic we just saw in tv.... Disneyland screams reality of magic.... I love this place, We were like 8 years old again. Such an awesome place for everyone.... Mystic point was my favorite, you should try it..... Roller coaster rides are friendly not too scary and the parade oh my god it is so beautiful!!!!! The floats were so amazingly created, characters are dancing and the music brings magic in the parade.... You should go 10am the moment they open the park so you can enjoy the facility... We got tired after but everything is worth it....
Everything there is awesome beyond my expectation ! as an adult who loves cartoon, this place is great both for kids and adults. hehehe. what I don't really like is the halal food court. It's only in one location and it's quite expensive. If I convert it to malaysian and indonesian currency.. it's like one package of nasi lemak with chicken plus a cup of softdrink there is equal with a price of 2 times eating in pepper lunch ! or a set menu in Tony romas..huhuhuhu.
This theme park is first rate and for people wanting to go to a Disneyland who live in Australia or New Zealand this park will suit you just fine. We went in January which is holiday time in Aust and off peak time in HK...More
Hong Kong Disneyland is smaller in size, however, it bypasses other Disney theme parks in many aspects:  (1)   Warmest  Disneyland    unlike the frigid EuroDisney and Tokyo Disneyland Disneysea which temperatures can be down to 20  degrees Fahrenheit in winter, Hong Kong Disneyland is more enjoyable...More
Not my first time here and I  have to say that this Disney land is getting better and better. A must try are the kiddies rides like it's a small world in Aneheim. Another must try in HK Disney is the big juicy turkey drumstick.
Worth to visit this place with family if you are in Hong Kong. Can't miss. Though it is much small in size compared to California, it is lovely. You must remember to avoid time waste anywhere. In the beginning, the staff wasted lot of time for opening and letting people come inside. Then queue to photograph with Mickey and Minnie costed us almost 1.5 hours and we realized importance of this time in the evening. We could not complete many rides and had to miss many beautiful views of castles. The parade is must to watch. It happens two times a day and one enjoys it really as disney life size characters entertain you to the fullest. Food inside is vey high priced but you don't have any option.
The MTR, Hong Kong subway system took us almost to the ticket booths of this Disneyland theme Park. The overall park size is much smaller than the Disneyland in California. However it has all the major rides such as Space Mountain, it!s a Small World, the Jungle Boat. My granddaughter especially likes the Toystoryland. She had pictures taken with almost all the Disney characters, Mickey, Minnie, Jesse, Winnie, Pluto, etc. and their signatures too.We stayed till the fireworks at closing time, and it was spectacular. We had a full day of fun.By the way, I believe the tickets are less expensive than the US Disneyland parks.
What can I say? It's Disneyland, but in Hong Kong! Some might be put off by the smaller size compared to its sister in California, but it doesn't make it any less magical to be in. It's not just for kids, adults will have a blast as well as it was the only time and place in a long, long time that I truly felt like a kid again. Even on the packed weekend when we visited, being full of tourists (especially mainland Chinese), the lines were more than tolerable. What are you waiting for? If you're in Hong Kong, you must go!
The happiest place on earth. Disneyland Hong Kong does not disappoint.Re creating many of the exact features of the original one in California but on a much smaller scale, the theme park contains the usual four Disney themed lands along with classic rides and attractions, as well as high caliber performances, shows and parades. Don't miss the space mountain ride and feel like a real space rider. And before the day ends witness the night sky come alive with this dazzling pyrotechnic pageant   Disney in the stars!The park is small enough that all attractions should be accessible in one day. The tickets may be slightly expensive, but they're worth it. All in all, Disneyland is a wonderful place, and I recommend giving it a chance!
We first visited here not long after it opened and were quite disappointed at the lack of rides.We visited recently with our family that included a 7yo and 5yo and were surprised how much it had developed since our last visit.The transport system works very efficiently; we arrived there in barely 30 minutes from Tsim Sha Tsui MTR station.We bought tickets online but still had to line up to actually collect the tickets, at the same window as others who had not pre bought.Tickets can also be bought from CTS (China Travel Services) offices in Hong Kong for a small discount, however they need to be paid for in cash.We arrived at the park at 10am on a Wednesday and were surprised how busy it was; we're guessing weekends or holidays it would be packed.Take plenty of cash with you because all the food outlets only accept cash payment.We noticed a lot of families unpacking lunch they had brought; they had clearly planned ahead, and also saved money.We picked rides that we knew were popular and would be busy and headed for those first. We got straight onto the Space Mountain ride, and by the time we had finished a line was already forming. Most of the other rides we chose had at least a 15 minutes wait, some up to 45 minutes, so be prepared for a day of lining up. Like the other Disneyworlds the lines do move reasonably well, however for small kids standing in lines for those lengths of time can be challenging.After 8 hours on our feet the family were pleased to get a seat on the train for the trip back to Kowloon!
We took our 2 year old & 4 month. I loved that you could catch the train straight there & that you could do character breakfast at the hotel. The buffet at the hotel is amazing & very good value & doing the breakfast eliminates the need to line up to meet various characters & saves time for rides. This Disney is great for people with small children as there is alot of rides they can go on. I would reccommend doing the popular rides first thing in the morning or late in the afternoon as that is when the lines are the smallest.
We spent a day at disneyland after being recommended by friends not to purchase the 2 days pass (2 days access within 7 days). We found that one day is sufficient when you have young children because they are unable to go on many of the rides. We visited on a Friday and did not find the queues too overwhelming. We recommend if you are travelling with young children to make you way to the show at the Adventureland first. That was a truly magnificent show. People start lining up 30 mins  before the show start. But there's plenty of room so we took our time getting there. Plenty of toilet facilities available too.There is an interesting selection of food for purchasing which we appreciate. There are also a number of gift shops that the children highly enjoyed. Basically it is a good full day's worth of fun (10 am   8pm). Just remember to bring a hat if it's a sunny day. Highly recommend you stay for the fireworks at 8pm even though by this stage the children were fairly tired. It was the highlight of the day. Magnificent to say the least. The children were thrilled by the display. It wasn't too bad getting back into the train. We walked at a reasonable speed given we have 2 young children with us and we managed to get onto the first train that came when arrived at the train platform. Recommend you purchase your tickets at Circle K (OK) convenience store at the MTR stations. This will allow you to avoid having to queue up when you arrive. Do ask the Circle K you go to whether you need to collect your tickets at disneyland as some of them still require to line up to collect your tickets. we found the Circle Ks at the stations on the Tung Chung line do not require a separate pick up of the tickets (very convenient).
This was a small disney park but we loved it just the same. One day was enough time here. Arrive early in the morning, we arrived at opening on a Wednesday and had the park almost to ourselves until about 1pm when the crowds arrived. We had been on most of the rides without any lines before then so after this time we went on few rides and it didn't matter. The train was really easy to catch to Disney and we were amazed when we swapped lines on to the Disney train with Mickey shaped windows and interior decorations too!
First of all, I live near the original Disneyland in Anaheim, CA. This is just a review in comparison to that. Disneyland is a great vacation spot no matter where it is located. Hong Kong was no different. It's fun and exciting to see the differences compared to the one in California. The initial layout was pretty much the same, just smaller in scale. Instead of Toon Town, they had Toy Story land. Some of the rides were different. Space Mountain was a little less exciting than the original, but still fun. It's fun to see different food choices and different names designs to some things. Hong Kong really likes the movie aspect of Disney and caters more of the park around some of those iconic movies.We went around 1pm and stayed till closing at 9pm. Their is one Train that you catch that drops you off at Disneyland. This train is all decked out with Disneyland themed stuff. There windows are in the shape of Mickey and the interior has plush blue seats and little Disney figurines on the sides. Even the hanging handles you hold on to when you stand are in the shape of Mickey.Since the park is small, you don't really need the full day. We were able to go around in a circle, starting in tomorrowland and ride most of the ones we wanted to. We also saw a few shows as well.One thing to be mindful of. As with many Asian cultures, the concept of lining up is not always civilized. You will see random acts of cutting, crowd rushing and random 1 person standing in line then entire family charging the line when the gates open. Just be careful of this and tell yourself that is how it is here. Other than that, Disneyland Hong Kong is a great day trip. Fireworks alter from 8pm to 9pm depending on the day. Check online or brochure so you don't miss it. Disney fans would love this place just as much as any other park, simply for the pure joy that Disneyland brings.The 1 day pass is about half the cost of the California 1 day pass. There is no other park to hop to that I know of, so enjoy your time there.This is just my personal scale so you know where I'm coming from.1   Never Again, Avoid at all costs2   Poor experience. Look for alternatives3   Decent. Has pros and cons. 4   Good. Would Recommend.5   Incredible   Makes me want to come back and do it again.
Firstly research about the place, its hotels, transportation etc before you go.The smart phone world today offers also many apps that can make your visit to Hong Kong more convenient. I had a whole folder full of HK specific travel apps before i left from India.It is best to go to disneyland first ater u land at Hong Kong since both the airport & the park are on the same Lantanu island. Hong Kong has an excellent public transportation system. So study it & dont hesitate to use it. Take the MTR metro from airport to disneyland. you have to change lines in the middle. the last line is called the disney line and the windows, ulholstrey etc inside the train all have the mickey mouse cutout or logo! how cute.Download the MTR app and that will tell u everything! offcourse if you are 4 members, then its cheaper to take the taxi (there are 3 colors of taxi demarkating them by region).Once in disneyland, its again advisable to stay at the Disneyland hotel itself. Though a bit pricey but it does give you the feeling of living in wonderland! even the lifts have instructions coming from Mickey mouse. He says  lift going down, sing song ki lo ! also there are shuttles every few mins from the hotel to the park. for indians, one of the restaurants in the hotel does serve indian food, though it is very pricey again.To do full justice to the park you will need a 2 day pass. dont miss the parade around 4pm & the fireworks show at 8pm. note: there is no wifi in the park & the currency exchange is near the entrance. so make sure you have enough money with you as there are no other ATMs around. one annoying thing was that several shows had chinese commentary. the Golden mickey musical show had the entire disney cast singing in chinese! I think this is China asserting its right ove HK after it was handed over from the british. HK doesnt come across as global as it was before. Even though most signboards are in english, a lot of ppl dont speak the language. yes it was not expected at all.Ok back to the park. More than the rides, its the fantasy of the park & its live characters that is appealing. the rides are a drab and nothing compared to our indian Imagica if i may say so.strollers are available from the hotel itself. so dont wait to get to the park to hire one. they are suitable for children as big as 7 years of age and very useful.since you are spending 2 days in Lantau island, you should also include Ngong Ping into your iternary. This shows you the natural beauty of Hong kong. Not something usual in a HK iternary. For more details, read the review under Ngong Ping attraction.
The professionalism of the staff at disney land and cleanliness.as everyone say 'dreams come true' it is true. we enjoyed the characters, the shows and the movies
Our flights arrive in Hongkong at 9 am and the connection did not leave till 11pm. We were debating between going to the city or Disneyland, but was so happy we chose Disneyland. The trip with taxi (the blue Lantau taxi, each taxi has different route) is short (about 20 min) for $130 HKD. You get the great transit rate (need passport and boarding pass) for discounted price of $300 HKD which includes 3 fastpass and the luggage storage. The park itself is manageable in size. Various food outlets, obviously. Very friendly staff. The parks closes at 8 pm and we left at 7.20 pm just so we don't have to 'compete' for taxi. The best transit ever!
Hong Kong Disneyland was fantastic. Their new attractions such as Mystic Manor were amazing! What made our visit even more wonderful was the Prestige Tour which I had booked on the website. This gave us 3 hours with a Disney tour guide who got us in all our rides without having to queue. No matter how old or young you are, there is something for you to enjoy at Disneyland.
My visit to Hong Kong Disneyland was wonderful. The moment you stepped into the place, it felt like you're transported into a whole new world where everything just seems so magical and everyone seems so happy. Despite the park not being really big, my partner and I still managed to spend an entire day in there and even then, we did not manage to go through every single attraction. We managed to take photos with many of the disney characters though!:) It would be a good idea to arrive there early in the morning to ensure that you could complete the whole park. Do remember to bring some extra cash as they have some really nice souvenirs up for sale!Some reviewers mentioned that Disneyland HK is lacklustre compared to the other parks around the world. However, for first time visitors like me who always dreamed of visiting Disneyland, this park has certainly met my expectations and fulfilled one of my childhood dreams!:)
We had been here earlier, some 3 years back... but decided to comeback for our 4 year old son, who was too young then to enjoy.The whole experience is no less than what you expect from Disney   Lovely!AS soon as you enter, the whole world turns out to be a colorful setting and lively characters. We entered and the first thing we experience was the Parade   Flight of fantasies. Each of the Disney character in life! Its big time fun for kids especially, to watch their favorite cartoon characters live. With very energetic sound tracks, and great performances, the Parade is indeed the best experience here.Next head on tomorrowland which isn't much except couple of rides, where fortunately kids as small as 3 years can also get in. Dont miss Space Mountain and Stitch Encounter here.from there we went to the Adventureland and visited Tarzan's tree house   quite a good one. Then dont miss the river safari and finally the hero is the show   Festival of the Lion King   NOT TO BE MISSED. A tip for people traveling from India here   here is the only dining place, called  Tahitian Terrace , where you could find some Indian Food   that is if you are looking for it :) Next we proceeded to  Toy Story Land    smaller area (within disneyland, when compared to other sections) but packed with fun. Here is the best of the rides in the whole park    RC Racer  only for adults though. Quite a puller :) Try this only if you have a steel heart. Next comes the Parachute Drop.After this we headed to  Grizzly Gulch    Went in through the rush as we now had little time in hand... Try the roller coaster here, which we couldnt, it seemed to be very very adventurous.Next was  Mystic Point  do get in to the Mystic Manor for a fun ride.After this, we got into the Fantasyland. Quite late for us, I must add. This is the place where you get to meet and greet all Disney characters in little gazebos. Get enough time in hand for this place. We couldn't :(There are some good attractions here, like  Its a small world  (very good with little kids),  Mickey's philharmagic  (again very good for little ones),  Golden Mickey's storybook  and many more.Tip: Start your day early here, you will be able to cover all the attractions in a day. Else like us, you might miss on many of them. Overall   Big Thumbs Up!
I visited Disneyland Hong Kong twice in four months   deliberately. The first time was to check it out, the second time was to have plenty of fun again. The train from Central station to Disneyland is inexpensive and efficient. The Disneyland train is amusing. The venue is very inexpensive for the all day fun you can have and I found the cost of food and souvenirs to be very reasonable. Mystic Manor is a great new ride (I did it three times in one day). The signs and commentary are in Cantonese and English. The queues were not as long as I expected and moved fairly quickly. Importantly, the other visitors to the park were respectful and polite (not something you can usually say about large tourist attractions). The staff were polite and entertaining (especially the Jungle Book cruise) and the festive related parades are great (Halloween in October and the lighting of the Christmas tree in December January), it's a pity I'm not there for the Chinese New Year theme.I was able to cover all the things I wanted to do in one day but could have happily slowed my pace and done two days in a row. One tip   buy your return ticket when you arrive at the Disneyland station! This will save you time queuing when the fireworks are over.
Unfortunately there isn't much I can say that is positive about this Disneyland. I've been to the one in Paris and it far out weighed this one. The staff seemed miserable and like they'd prefer to be somewhere else, for westerners it was hard as some announcements weren't made in English and the shows were in chinese and you had to read what was being said (since when does Mickey speak chinese).....My husband hadn't been to a Disneyland before and was like an excited kid. That soon disappeared. I was very disappointed for him and said I'd take him to the original Disneyland where I'm sure the staff are happy and English is spoken. Wouldn't recommend or go back.
it was really amazing experience to visit disneyland in hong kong. it has it own flavor than other disneys. starting from the train end up with the fireworks at end of the day.
My trip to Disneyland HK is an unforgettable one.  The park is really big, with countless attractions, which will please not only kids, but adults also.  We had great fun in the rides, watching the shows.  My favourite attraction was the Mystic Manor, which was...More
A dream come true... As simple as that. a well maintained, well managed, well built place where any one can enjoy. Some not to miss are the boat ride, the train journey, winnie the Poo, and i forgot some names. Oh my god !! the...More
This is not the first time I visited Disneyland Hong Kong, I still enjoy it very much but just some of the shows has been repeating for so many years... I think perhaps they should change it a bit. I do not think 1 day...More
Kids can not get anything better. Best part is with regular ticket also you don't have to wait too much. Fun for all. Very clean and hygienic. Very good mtr service. And the Disney metro train compartments are a treat for the kids.
is quite big, better to go early in the morning..  the line for every play is really long, avoid holidays better..  food is not allowed in the park, we have to buy inside, which is very expensive!!  thank goodness water is okay..  at 8 pm...More
This is not the first time I visited Disneyland Hong Kong, I still enjoy it very much but just some of the shows has been repeating for so many years... I think perhaps they should change it a bit.  I do not think 1 day...More
This was one of the highlights when we went to HongKong. The timing when we went there was kind of bad because there was a storm that was closing, so they had to close the outdoor rides. Good thing they still opened the indoor rides....More
Now most of the attraction of fully operation and open. Got to meet and take pic with most Disney character at night   in the morning and afternoon the queue is drastic but night is much less pax and time. Got to enjoy all attraction...More
Visited this park when on holiday in Hong Kong. It was much smaller than the  cousins  in Florida and Paris.I would not recommend if you have limited time in the city. It comprises 1 Park which can be done in 03 hours off peak.The quality of the rides and entertainment is on the same level as the other Disney Parks.
Very mixed feelings about our recent visit to Disneyland Hong Kong. Firstly we stayed at the Hollywood Hotel which wasn't anything extraordinary! I think I had very high expectations for our stay there   after all its Disneyland!Not sure if it was because of the crazy Christmas time of year that we went, but the lines were way tooo long, over 60 minute waits which 5 children under 6 are not going to cope with :( I must say however that 2 day passes were very affordable, and even merchandise was quite cheap considering. I was mostly disappointed with the fact that we travelled all this way and didn't get one photo with any of the characters. The wait lines were full of older people (40  !!!) Seriously, where is the fun for the kids if every line is full of adults! The kids were very sad by this :( The only thing that was magical was the beautiful evening show of lights and fireworks and the  snow  that fell in USA Street. Apart from that Disneyland really wasn't that great. I hope when I visit another Disneyland in the future I have a better, happier, magical Disney experience
A very small Disneyland but you still get caught up in the magic. Not many rides and attaractions yet, and expensive admission.
It was our daughters birthday and she got to wear a special badge from the Disneyland City Hall (keep left once you've gone through the gates and you'll come across it). When any Disneyland staff member saw her they would all say Happy Birthday, even when they were in the parade! From the parade make your way to the Lion King show, it's a good sit down and a great show. We went in winter so the crowds weren't that bad, the longest wait for anything was about 40 mins. We had a great day.
This is a small Disney park. That is fine, and it's all we expected. What we didn't expect was that we would turn out to be part of the show for the mainland Chinese who flock there. They are brazen in their disregard for privacy (ours) and would snap photos or stand, staring and talking about us. As I speak Mandarin they would be full of apologies once they realised we understood what was going on...still not acceptable. Racism is never a good thing, and being on the wrong end of it is abysmal. The rides are all up to Disney's standards and the queues weren't too long. All the food vendors cater solely for mainland tastes, there is little for Westerners....that's fine, it is Hong Kong after all, just don't go there expecting to find the usual Disneyland.Anaheim wins!
Disneyland HK had all the fun of the other Disney parks without the lines. 5 min for Space Mountain. Small park but full of fun.
I grew up with Disney characters, so this is definitely happiest place on earth for me! Actually compares to other theme park, the rides and attractions is not that great. Especially for adults, you will find this place boring. But the fireworks is MUST SEE!
Went there with some friends. I was hugely disappointed. Having been to the one in Tokyo, which was great, I was not expecting this to be better. But it was worse than I thought. Long lines everywhere. Yes, I know this is Disney Land. The worse is the locals seem to think it is OK to cut lines anywhere they want. Even worse is the park authorities allow it! Also, it is not clean. Would not come back again.
Disneyland is a great day out if you have never been there before, especially if you have children under the age of 5. But once your kids start approaching double figures you will find they get bored very quickly. Nothing to do for teenagers or adults. If you have older children do yourself a favour and take them to Ocean Park instead. Oh, and did I mention the food is inedible.
To children whose first Disney adventure is HK Disneyland, a visit to the much  talked Asian Disney fantasy would be a treat to remember.   Maybe because my kids ( grown ups now) and l have been to the ones in LA and Paris, HK Disney...More
Guess it makes it harder to review Disney HK when you have visited Disney World Florida. I found  HK Disney lame and without presence, compared to the Mother Parks in Florida. Its however worth the visit and can be done in a day. The MTR...More
HongKong Disneyland is not a kids theme park., it is a jungle. HKD just want your money, they don't care about your satisfactions. They do not limit the number of peoples on the park, overcrowded  every corners ; the rides, the shows, the stores and...More
Hong Kong Disney is fairly small and I would say you can do everything in 1 day or less.  We arrived at 09H30 to avoid the crowds and so did not have to wait too long at the rides.  By  2pm we had done most...More
My wife and I visited Hong Kong Disneyland with our son, daughter in law and two small children. From the moment we boarded the special Disney train (complete with Mickey Mouse ears!) to the time we sadly departed, we had an absolute ball.  The entry...More
Compared to other Disney parks, Disneyland Hong Kong is small, but still pretty and magical. Even the Cinderela castle is so small that seems to be a dolls' house. Also, the Toy Storyland  is very very small with all attractions  fighting for a space  within...More
Disneyland is MAGICAL for all ages...I have been to Florida disney parks 10 years and now to HK with my 6 year old...relived old memories and made new ones with my kid and wife...  Loved all the shows we saw at Disneyland...DONT MISS Lion King,...More
I think it helps to try and see any of the Disney parks through the eyes of a child.  In comparison to Disneyworld, Florida, this park is small. But it has the rides characters. The first time we went was our daughter's first Disney park...More
Will definitely come back. It was my first time to visit the park and it was a great experience. My favorite ride there was the space mountain.   I also like their parade named Flights of Fantasy I think.   There were long queue of lines on...More
We visited during December; so it was full with christmas decoration and christmas activities. Very great christmas carol and also the Mickey live show cabaret.
Almost every year we would come back to HK Disneyland during year end. Kids obviously had a fabulous time at every visit! We adults had great fun too with the many thrilling rides such as Space Mountain, Grizzly Gulch etc. However, do expect an average queuing time of 45 60 mins or more for most rides during this period as the theme park will be packed with tourists.
Went there early in the morning at 10am. There were Disney characters greeting the visitors and taking photos with the visitors. Band was marching along the main street and playing songs.The park is still ok in the morning but towards the afternoon the crowd starts to come in and become very crowded. wasted time to queue for everything. Rides, food and show. Not all rides have fast pass.Overall the park is nice to visit but just spending too much time on queues.
This time, we visited with our little 2 kids.  It was very nice as they liked a lot and don't want to go out. We will visit again.
Different sections which will bring back your childhood memories, some Disney classics and cheerful music that set a festive mood in the place.Not to miss   Space Mountain   the indoor rollercoaster in tomorrow land, Jungle River cruise in the adventure land and it's a small world showcase and the golden mickeys show.
Went here with low expectations but it wasnt too bad! We got there around 10.30, people everywhere already, but have your tickets pre purchased to avoid lining up! Westerners I suggest packing a lunch, it took us hours to find fish and chips instead of eating rice with chicken and other asian dishes. Stay away from the 'hotdogs', the thought of them now makes me queezy!Brace yourself, the people don't appear to care at all for lines, it does get infuriating. Bottom line: park is the perfect size for young families, there's not really any 'big kids' rides like other Disney parks. But if you don't care for rides and have a spare day, go for a look, stay for the fireworkssss!!!
If you are in HK, one of the must do's is this place. more so...if you are with a child with you!Beautifully laid out park, lovely ambiance and most of all worth every penny you spend!My 6 yr old made the most of it...ofcource you can't cover it all in a day ( if you can afford 2 days  pls. go for it, there is sufficient to do )Meeting the mascots was awesome but tiresome, but my daughter learnt and appreciated the queue system !The adventure land offers fun to adults too. Runaway Mine was something my little one was super kicked about..Disney character's parade is a must do...and so is the fire works ( the closure show )Reaching any place with in HK is no tough task and needs no planning, they are beautifully connected by road ( Bus & MTR) choose what suits you...taxi's are expensive, but if you are 4  adults, it might work out to be the same.Food options are many too...nothing to worry about, bring out the child in you and make the most of your trip!
It had been a while (about 4 year) and three new areas have been added.Grizzle Gulch bring a touch of Messa Thunder, Runaway Mine Cars being a cross between Big Thunder Mountain & Expedition Everest.Mystic Point has the unique Mystic Manor but walking thru I'm reminded of Phantom Manor   Haunted Mansion.Toy Story Land is a carbon copy of Paris but with much better weather for the time of year.Having just been to Disneyland Paris a week earlier it was nice to see the street entertainment and small shows that add that bit of Disney Magic.Eating here is always a treat but with a few more 'western' meals some restaurants now provide a knife & fork but be prepared to use chopstick if eating local food options.It always feels like this is a hidden & forgotten Disney Park, so being a bit quieter it's always a pleasure to visit.
went there close to christmas and just felt the xmas feelings deeper there. you have to be patient with the crowds and long queues to the rides. the grizzly slide is a must ..lots of fun. the 4D theatre was a bit below par but the other attractions were fun. even with the huge crowd getting something to bite was quite easy. the parade show was awesome and of course the fireworks ....ah the fireworks.....absolutely no comments ...just wow!!!
We taken MTR to Sunnay Bay station; from there MTR line is available for Disneyland; We visited on Sunday ; it was lil bit crowdy so we have to wait for all rides. The entry pass isquite expensive 450 HK $ each.There are so many rides ; was amazing fun; some not recommended for old people.but if you are fun loving you will definitely enjoy.
I was excited upon knowing the HK Disneyland added new rides and attraction and planned a 2nd visit. So darn regret that the timing was not rosy. First off, don't get me wrong. The new rides ESP Grizzly glutch's is worth your time. However, the crowd was just overwhelming. Then, comes the rude queue cutters! No prizes for guessing where they're from.. Tsk. They totally spoilt the Disney exp with their pushing, loud jarring voices, spitting... Oh god! Probably bc of the crowd load, I didn't see ANY smile on ANY of the Disney rangers... A cardinal sin for theme parks. My first visit was in the early dec way eons ago and it was a total different exp. I You should take that as ref to plan for ur nxt visit.
Checked out the reviews from other travelers before visiting so have an idea what to expect. Some helpful tips such as, bringing your own water bottle, sun protection (hats, umbrellas, etc) proved useful. Check the public holidays schedule in Mainland China to plan your trip. Caused the park is jam packed with tourists from Mainland China during their holidays. The timing is important as it will make sure you have an enjoyable, stress free outing. Less time spent queuing, more time to enjoy the park and rides. It is worth while to rent a child buggy if you dont have one cause the younger ones will find it tiring to walk. Buggy rental is quite affordable and its for the whole day.Buy entrance tickets from the authorized dealers before going so you dont spend precious time in the queue.Look out for the timing of their parade (in the afternoon) and a must see is the evening show with fireworks and music. Its wonderful so find a good spot (front facing the castle) to view firework. Take time to visit the shops along the avenue after the fireworks. The train will be packed with crowds leaving. After we came out from the shops, the crowd has disperse more or less.
This disneyland is perhaps the smallest one in Dinsy Park family and doesn't match up to the high standards and expereince of other Disney Parks around the world. The park is quite small and can be covered in 3 hours flat. Not many interesting rides or theaters. Even the park merchandise is sub par. I would not recommend this park
3rd time at Disney. Beautiful Xmas lights at this time of the year. Its look like a fairy land at night. There were new additional rides. The food at the restaurant and kiosk were expensive and not very good. Went around 12 plus on a weekday, no queue. Rides queue were under 15 mins.
It was my wife s and my first experience of visiting disney land any where in the world.my wife was on a wheel chair.we fully enjoyed all the festivities and rides,especially the parade.The food was passable ,but the feeling of actually seeing the characters which had been an essential part of our childhood was thrilling and a walk down memory lane.Its agood destination to visit,at any age,especially with family.
We stayed at the Hotel and from the start had great experiences. Hotel was brilliant and the Disneyland was amazing. The rides are unfortunately more for the younger kids but it is definitely the dream come true when you here. People are friendly and stores are great. Food is somewhat sad at the hotel and park but hey when you're in a different country you have to adjust to whats on offer. The few adult rides were brilliant. 1 day is enough depending on the time of year. We went in September and had no queues once in the park. Excellent first Disney to visit.
if you have the opportunity to visit other Disneyland   Disney world park in other part of the world, just skip this one. It is probably the smallest one.The part that confuse me most is looking at oriental persons with beautiful dark eyes donning blonde wigs to fit some Disney story characters in the parade.Skip it, just so you can continue to maintain the appropriate image of Disney characters
although i am not a big fans of mickey mouse and friends, i love to come and experience it, the place was HUGE with some area, also kiddos area. NO long quequeing, that was one of the compliment.. when you got to have meal, everything was in Mickey Mouse. The souvenirs was worthed to buy..
Just like Anaheim but smaller. Can be done in half a day. This bit added because TA requires 50 characters minimum for these reviews!
I thought this was going to be tiny, with long lines and rude queue jumpers but none of that was true. Our kids are young (range between 4 and 10) and this park was perfect for our family. It had all the classics (small world, tea cups, etc.) and just enough adventurous rides for my more adventurous older ones. We got there right when it opened and there were no lines for the first couple of hours and even later in the day, they weren't too, too bad (not as bad as Disney in Orlando!). I thought this was a great little, manageable park and so great for families with young kids.
Says that it's a very small place. But as for me that was enough for the whole day. Great place to visit alone or with friends, or family!
Hong kong disney brings the fun side out of you, you can have your picture taken with disney characters and there are halal places to eat. Also plenty of rides to have fun on, we took a taxi to get here but you can take a train to disney. Such a vibrant place & such fun.
I was surprised that a full grown man such as myself would be entertained by the rides in the park. That by itself says a lot. It also helps that the park serves Halal food. So all my muslim brothers sister, rejoice!
Before i came here i was ready that this is low quality but i was even more disspointed when i c it. (1) landscape outside: trees flowers were not well taken care. (2) parade: costume look very poor quality, remind us truly this s  made in china . (3) games: also poor few game while (4) souvenir shops many expensives but quality is not equal to its price even the small things like key chain. Very  made in china  quality. (5) building along the main street if USA: supposed to be true builing in old style but only one side is built the other side they print the image of old style building .
The Lion King show was a must see for kids (and adults) of all ages. Very very entertaining and well produced.   The park was decorated nicely but as with all Disney related  parks, the food and amenities were sub par and overpriced at best.
Great place to spend at. our issue is for halal food but there are a couple of restaurants that offer halal food. Worth waiting for the Main St performance at 12 noon and 4pm.
Heard that HK Disneyland is small, but don't find it small at all. We have been to Tokyo Disneyland and I believe it's about the same size. Queue for most rides were between 15 to 40 mins. Don't miss the Golden Mickey show, it was surprisingly good, can see that lots of efforts have been invested to choreograph the musical. It will be great if the performers sing live, which will be like a musical. It's 30mins and it's free seating. We managed to queue for 10mins to have a photo taken with Goofy and Pooh bear. Both kids and those kids at heart will love this place.
Visiting Disney at 30 seemed bit odd, but since I have never been to any earlier, I was quite keen to visit the HKG Disneyland. The Disney is located on a separate island and far away from the maddening city. Train to Disney was cute...More
An excellent place for families outing. Disney intoduced 3 new attractions (Mystic pt, Grizzly Gulch, Toystory land). Halal certified outlets no issue, 2 restaurants at Mystic pt (Explorers' Club & Tahitian Terrace).
Went there on 24 Dec. Not too crowded and nice weather. The parade and lion king show were really good and the huge main street Xmas tree, constant Xmas music and fake snow in the evening actually ended up bringing out the Xmas feeling.
It does not matter if you are young or old, disneyland is for everyone. The rides are great, tons of fun. One day is never enough. Consider staying in the disney hotels nearby, therefore you can come early and go on more rides. Disneyland is a must for all ages, big or small.
Trip to Hong Kong without Disneyland is never complete. It was a memorable trip to entire Hongkong and were more happy when our daughter enjoyed every second spent at the venue.She still remembers the trip fondly. You need to give entire day and enjoy all the show there ,right from the parade to the 3d animation which is really exciting. Just make sure that ur well before time sitted in front row before the start of the final show of fireworks display at the entrance,it is truelly amazing!!!!!
YES! a real fun, so visiting Hong Kong was a great opportunity to go and see this Disneyland as well. It  s really nice, a bit smaller than Paris but nevertheless a lot of fun and the whether was WAY better.
I have been to the Orlando Disneyland and definitely that was better, but this is worth a visit especially if you have children. Most of the rides are appropriate for young children, even the roller coasters, and the shows there are pretty good as well. A bit expected though. They do provide you with lockers and strollers so the service and facilities are pretty good as well. The rides are really good, but the interactive ones are the most exciting like the shooting one in Tomorrow land (Not sure what it's called). The dining options are exceptional, you have fine dining and normal fast foods restaurants so lunch is a good idea here. We went during a rainy day, which ruined it all as it was really cold and the rain was irritating, so if you are planning a trip here then do check the forecast. Apart from that, this theme park is an attractions that is worth going.
Nice Experience if its the first Disney went to. It took me a day to explore and visit all the attractions and rides. Can consider going during off peak period.
If you've been to Tokyo Four Seas or even the Parisian one, don't bother with this. Unless of course you have children who want the quintessential Disneyland fun.  I liked the Space Mountain ride actually. Queues are not crazy either.
We took a taxi from our hotel. The weather was perfect, cloudy but not cold till it poured with rain and we left early (8.15pm), not seeing the firework display at 9 (not sure if they still had it). Otherwise, the park was fun for both my 18yr old son, 5 yr old daughter and I. Some queues were a bit of a long wait and we found the asian people very  pushy  when you weren't allocated gates to stand at. There's no way we could have done all the rides in 24hrs. You'de have to spend at least 2 days at this park. Although very expensive if you convert to ZAR (HK$ 450 for adults and HK$320 for children) I would still recommend a visit there. I paid a fortune for lunch and supper for the 3 of us so just pack your own food and drink (not fizzy cooldrink in a can, we had to leave a coke with security).
My daughter wanted to visit this place after our last visit to Disneyland, USA was more than 10 years ago. As expected, it was much smaller in size with 3 main parks   Tomorrow Land, Adventure Land and Fantasy Land (not sure if Toy Story Land can be counted). Transportation to the park is relatively easy but can be a long journey if one does not stay in Lantau Island where the park is situated. As it was a Saturday, a large crowd was expected but however to our surprise the queues to the rides were not that long. Most of the crowd was found in Fantasy Land (for children). The attractions were pretty much the same as in the other Disneylands. We watched the fireworks before calling it a night.
A destination that must visit when you are in Hong Kong. You can reach there by taking MRT. You need to switch train at a station and board to their special Mickey Mouse train and will go direct to Disneyland park. Ticket is HKD 450 per person.
The Hong Kong Disneyland is a wonderful place. Although people keep saying that the Hong Kong Disneyland cannot be compared to the ones in States, I was pleasantly surprised to discover that Disneyland in Hong Kong is magical and feel like in the fairy tale. If you have small kids, they surely will love this place. The rides are awesome, food is great and you can get both the eastern dishes and western dishes. There a plenty of things to do for all age groups to keep everyone engage throughout the day. There are also lots of fabulous gift shops around for a quick gift shopping. If you haven   t been here before I recommend you make a point bring your little ones to this lovely amazement park.
Value for money. Very conveniently connected with their Metro, buses and taxis, of course. Be prepared to walk a lot , so wear your most comfortable footwear. Carr your drinking water as dehgydration , specially in summer months is a real possibility. Lots of eating outlets to cater to all tastes.
mi n my mum went to the disney land in the morning on sunday and is not that packed... went to played almost all the games and buy alot of stuff. They have Mickey Mouse show in between like 1pm,4pm and have fireworks in the night time at 9pm 915pm. I really enjoy myself and will tell my friends about it. Keep up the good job.
We have visited Paris Disneyland previously and this is on a much smaller scale. Easily do able on one day. Our little one is 7 and he enjoyed it thoroughly especially the last leg of our train ride on the special Disney designated trains with the special Mickey windows:) nice touch!!! The queues were not too bad. The parade although on a smaller scale to disneyland Paris was magical as always for both adults and kids. We even managed to get pictures with characters. We didn't stay for the fireworks but certainly enjoyed the festive cheer and Xmas decorations. A great day out especially for younger kids as there didn't seem to be too much for older kids   teenagers.
This was the first Disneyland my partner and I visited and it didn't live up to expectations.It is a fairly small Disneyland relative to the other ones located in the US so this may have played a part in the disappointment.A few of the shows were interesting but we ended up towards the back of the stage and as such, visibility was a bit of a downer.The rides were not very thrilling or exciting as they were more catered towards young children or teenagers, however, the fireworks show at the end of the day was quite impressive.We wouldn't really recommend Disneyland to any other age group unless you are with your own children or have a need to satisfy a childhood desire to visit this famous theme park.
We spent 2 days at Disneyland. Unfortunately, it rained half of the first day and the whole second day but we still made the most of it as the queues for the rides were pretty short. Some of the street parades were cancelled. We were able to catch most of the shows and the kids loved the Golden Mickeys, the Lion King and the 3D Mickey one. We did not go on the roller coasters, but loved the Buzz Lighteyear ride and the kids loved Dumbo and the Slinky Dog rides. I expected there to be more characters walking around, but they were only at designated photo areas. We saw one roaming magician. The staff seem to have a never ending supply of stickers, which the kids loved. The food was reasonably priced, and much cheaper than the hotel. The souveniers were typical of theme park prices. The only negative was the very rude visitors who push and shove in queues.
This is our second Disneyland, first being Anaheim. Everyone told me it would have not compared to the ones in States but to my surprise, we found it enjoyable especially my 7 and 10 year old girls. Of course, it wasn't as large or well organized as Disney Anaheim but I guess if you consider it being in Asia and within reach for most families. Its has served its purpose. The rides are good and queue's moved pretty fast, food available was mostly Asian so it satisfied us Asians who are not accustomed to greasy fast food. Getting there was easy as the MTR goes directly to its doorstep. You must also consider we went during winter so it was cool when we had to wait for rides as I am not sure if would be as comfortable waiting when its during summer.Its Disneyland and it had its magical moments for us and the kids...
Disneyland in Hong Kong was magical and feel like in the fairy tale. I took my 11 years old daugther and we absolutely enjoyed it. We went there on Thursday morning (10.30 am) and came out after the fireworks ( 9.30 pm). In Disney we can get all kind of variety foods ( veg food).
It is still a great day to wake up early and prepare to go to Hong Kong Disneyland. A 45mins MTR travel from our Hotel in Kowloon. Me and my sister went spend a day in Hong Kong Disneyland. We had a great time taking pictures and watching the show. It was still a pretty much big line when we get there. We already bought out tickets at our hotel and we had it 5 hkd cheaper. It is good to have your plan before going in and brings lots of water, shades and sunblock ... Make sure to have your pictures taken with Mickey and Minnie when you enter. Also grab a map and show schedule so that you can be at the proper place during the event. I Love the Golden Ticket Show, The Lion King and the Disney Parade. It is good to find a good spot for the parade so be there 15 mins before the show and look at the map for their stops. This is also a great to relax those feet and feel the Magical Moment of Disney. Bring some candies or sandwiches just in case you meet a bite. Hope you have a great time as well!
well, this is my first Disneyland ive been to with the second being the one in Orlando and third in Paris. nothing can beat the one in Orlando and this is just the same like the one in Paris.if you have small children, they're gonna love this place.but if you are bringing older kids or if you're teenagers wanting to feel the adrenaline rush in a theme park, better go for ocean park, worth it.
We loved Disneyland and we became kids for a day. The rides were awesome, food was great, you could get eastern and western. The fireworks is worth the wait which they have it every night.
Heard many commented HK Disneyland is the smallest among all Disney theme park. However, we still cannot finish all the ride from 10.30am to 9pm.....children having lots of fun although some complaint due to long queue for certain rides.
Who doesn't like Disneyland must be a nut, let it be a kid or an adult. There a plenty of options for all age groups to keep you engage throughout the day.Previously i have visited to Anaheim Disneyland in California, it's small compared to the one in Hong Kong, but still you have plenty of options. Loved the  Space Mountain  ride, must have done it at least 5 times.Tip: If you plan to visit Disney, combine this tour with  Ngong Ping Village  so you can cover both in a single day.
Took my 4 year old son for some Disney experience and we absolutely enjoyed it. We went on a Friday (so as to avoid weekend crowd) but it was perhaps just the same. One of the ride made us queue for about 40 minutes and we spent less than 5 minutes onboard. Others takes about 20 mins give or take. Queue to meet the characters wasn't so bad. Halal restaurants are available in the park. The Mickey waffle is definitely a must try. I should say they taste just nice as a Parisian crepe. We arrived at 12 noon and did not manage to cover most rides. However we did stay for the ending fireworks and it was spectacular. Dont miss that one!
Disneyland is my top fav park in HK.it was magical and i feel like i was in a fairy tale :)many fabulous gift shops around,shows you must see and great adventures you must try. but the queue was super longgg in each adventure as i came in the peak season during Chinese holiday.and compete with chinese tourists is not an easy thing lol *kiddingin the afternoon you can enjoy the joyful parade of all Disney Characters and a fantastic fireworks in the evening before they close.at least spend 6 7 hours (even more)to fully enjoy this park.i came at around 1 PM after visiting The Great budha Ngong Ping. i bought the ticket in my hotel to avoid the queue.moreover i got cheaper price for the hotel guest.it cost HKD400.i think it's cheaper HKD50 than the actual rate.so,pls check if your hotel sell the tickets.overall,i really enjoyed my experience here and worth it!
Been to Disneyland in Tokyo and Paris.. I must say that the HK one is smaller and probably more for children.. But definitely a great hangout place for the kid. My 3 yr boy was thrilled the moment we entered the park.. He played a lot of rides   carousel, flying dumbo, flying saucer, it's a small world boat ride, adventure jungle boat ride etc..We got a 2 day pass and went there during the weekdays but it was packed.. You generally had to queue for 20 30mins for those popular rides.. To beat the crowd, you should play those rides when the park is having the parade as everyone will be busy viewing it! The amenities in the park are great.. Lots of small eateries designed using Disney theme and the toilets are very well maintained..
This is the first Disneyland i've been to and I emerged believing that everyone should experience Disnyland at least once. We bought the 2 day pass so that we could leisurely go through the park. We went during weekdays and it was not as crowded as we had expected. The waiting queue was nicely managed so there were far less queue cutting incidents as compared to Ocean Park. Not so with the parades and live shows where there were no queue, these you would have young and old folks squeezing in front of you. My advice is to simply skip and parades .
Actually Hong Kong Disney is one of the smaller Disney parks. Biggest advantage, there are no waiting times (max 5 Mins) if you come during weekdays. The park is not that big, usually you should be through in half a day (I only took the adult rides and shows). For children might be ok, for adults who have been to other parks like Paris it  s dissapointing. Everyday there  s a fireworks show around 20:00 which is worth watching.
Grest way to spend the day. Easy to get there by train or taxi. Plenty of nice cafes to eat at and stores for buying gifts. The street parade well worth watching.
For those who havn't been to the original one in Anaheim California you won't think Disneyland Hong Kong is small although for us we have an it's much smaller in size compared to the original.Try to eat prior to going there cause the only thing I would say is the food is definitely not good and there isn't anything around the park! You can easily do the park in 4 5 hours depending on line up's.. We didn't experience long lines.Transit to the park is amazing and really cool!
Visited here recently. Very enjoyable ,although not a patch on Florida ,it's small in comparison,but packed with just as much fun ,reached only by their own Disney train,magical !! Not so busy as Florida either so enjoyable to walk around without being rushed ,Minnie and Mickey were very much in demand as usual ,fun for all the family
It's always a nice place to visit. Kids and adults enjoyed...a dedicated line serves the park via the MTR network. Nothing but magical place.
My son's review (as in title) says it all. Probably also because we have not visited any other Disneyland themed parks in other parts of the world so came with little expectations and left with lots of fond memories.Agree the park is relatively small but for a one day visit, there are adequate rides (for younger children especially those in Fantasyland and Tomorrowland) and shows (we only watched The Golden Mickeys) to occupy us for the entire day. Good that we visited on a weekday and outside designated holiday periods of mainland China and HK so the crowd was manageable. Went really early so when we started off some of the rides had short queues of around 5 minutes max. However when the crowds built up queues could take 20 to 30 minutes. Overall it was still a most enjoyable day for the family, young and old!
Got discounted tickets from the Airport during arrival. Lots of people even on weekday Monday. 30mins of queuing for rides and only 1.30 on each ride.
Magical place, I'm 25 and still love it so if you have kids or are young at heart I would recommend here 100%!
The entrance tickets is very expensive. They are very strict on taking in the foods, but not snack. So you may bring along breads or biscuit. Foods and drinks inside the park are very expensive. Plus point is Water dispensers provided in the park for water top up. Rides are suitable for young kids to teens. Another plus point is the park management do noted on queue jumping feedback by visitors. There alway announcement and poster to educate visitors not to jump queue. And the park rangers seriously take note on this queue jumping. Most rides take a good 10 min waiting time which is reasonable.
It was our first time to visit Disneyland last Dec 4, and we stayed there from 10 am till closing time. The train to disney itself was already an attraction! The moment I set foot on Disney, I felt like a kid again. I was so happy to see all the disney characters & took pictures with them. I'm not really so into thrilling rides as I have a fear of heights, so I skipped that part. But my husband told me that it was fantastic!But I didn't miss the Mystic Place experience. It was so cool!One of the highlights of the attraction was the fireworks display around 8pm, in front of Sleeping Beauty's castle. It was an indescribable magical feeling indeed! It's way better than the fireworks display of Universal Studios Singapore (oooppsssyy!)For those who are planning to visit this place, please come soon as they have a Christmas theme at this time. For me, one day visit is not enough. I was closed to tears when it closed. I just love Disney so much! The visit was all worth it!
Once again another great visit to Hong Kong disneyland. Since 2009 there were 2 new lands for our children to explore and enjoy. We love it here, it is close to Australia and the facilities are so clean and enjoyable, cannot see the point of going to the one in LA anytime soon.
Second visit here, and a little wiser :)Tips highlights  everyone seems to make a beeline for Fantasyland and Tomorrowland, probably because they are the first things you see so to avoid the crowds (more on that later), try starting from Adventureland or Grizzly Gulch  while every land has their own souvenir shop, almost everything can be found at the stores along Main Street. From the outside it looks like separate shops, but it's just one big store. There are some items that are only found at the respective 'land' e.g. Mystic Point memorabilia, wider selection of Princess dresses at Fantasyland. If you are looking for hats mickey ears, go to the Main Street store, the biggest selection is there.  park food is expensive. I was able to enter with some snacks and drinking water. They have these 3 in 1 meal coupons that might help you save a bit although they are only usable at selected restaurants.  HALAL FOOD IS NOW AVAILABLE! Tahitian Terrace is cheap ( HK$100 per set) but not so tasty, IMO. Also, they do not have kids' sets. The food at Explorers' Club at Mystic Point is SOOOOO MUCCCHHH YUMMIIIEERRR and they have kids' meals available! (about HK$120). Plenty of seating available there as well.  Mystic Manor is one of the best amusement park rides we've been on...truly amazing. Don't miss it!   Fastpass Winnie the Pooh at Fantasyland and go on the other rides first.  If you want to get really close to fireworks, be prepared to come early to camp out in front of the castle. We were there 30 mins before the fireworks began and already there were hordes of people seated there already.  Parents, don't let your kids stop you from taking the rides! You can arrange for a rider swap up front (parents take turns to ride, not so fun, but at least you get to take it) Don't miss out on Space Mountain and Grizzly Gulch!  Stitch Encounter was also enjoyable. Check with the cast members on show timings for English Cantonese Mandarin versions.  Princesses appear at the gazebo outside Fantasyland. They're so charming :) if you're lucky, your little princess might be given a 'Star Princess' sticker that will allow them to participate in the 'Flights of Fantasy parade. Star Princesses are also given front row seating at the parade.   comfy shoes and sunblock is a must. It's winter but the sun is still quite strong!  drinking fountains are available outside the toilets, save a few bucks on water that way.  coffee is near daylight robbery. HK$22 for a 3 in 1 Nescafe!  In my review two years ago, I mentioned about the boorish Chinese tourists...that hasn't changed at all. My children and I were nearly bulldozed by a group of senior citizens, who for some reason really wanted to get in front of us at the queue for the Orbitron. They push, nudge and when you don't budge, they just push even harder. It's ok if you weigh 250 lbs like my husband but not OK when you are with small kids. It's awful and really put a dampener on my vacation. Be careful at attractions like the Golden Mickeys, Lion King Festival, Philharmonic, even Mystic Manor because they will do whatever it takes to get a seat first (EVEN IF THERE ARE STILL A GAZILLION SEATS LEFT!!!). I've been to amusement parks in Indonesia, Malaysia, Australia and the US and this is the only place where I've seen such things happen. Now there are constant reminders to park visitors to not cut queues and not 'pre booking' places in line for a large party. The park tries their best to manage the queues, but you can't do much if people are just  like that .
The excitement never ends and thats the reason why we were among the last few to get out after the closing time. The Sleeping Beauty palace is breathtaking, the shows,,,,Golden Mickeys, Its a Small World, Winnie the Pooh, and Lion King Festival were just great. The river cruise was fantastic. The souvenir shops and items were affordable. The parade of the Disney characters was amazing. Food was good. Fireworks display was not very fabulous however. Although we were not able to experience all the rides due to time constraint, the overall Disney experience was very satisfactory.
The park is situated in wooded countryside with mountain backdrop. Very inexpensive compared to USA parks but smaller and quieter. Some good rides, especially Grizzly Gulch and Space Mountain but the car ride was very disappointing and not worth the long wait of half and hour. Mystic Mansion was an unusual and clever attraction and the 3D film was worth a visit. Sandwiches and coffee at the bakery were expensive and poor quality. Although regulations specify 'no food, alcoholic beverages and beverages in cans or bottles' many people had brought their own bottles of water which were not confiscated at check in. There are water fountains around the park for fillups. A very pleasant day's outing for children and adults alike.
An excellent day out. Although we didn   t get to explore all the areas of the park (I felt that it was smaller than I was expecting), my daughter had the time of her life! She only went on a few rides but got to meet (and cuddle) all of the Disney Princesses and that made her day! She had so much fun she tired herself out, fell asleep for the parade and missed it. All the staff on site are great and only too happy to help. Food and mementos etc are all reasonably priced and well done. All in all, a recommended day out for all the Disney fans out there.
having a chance to go to disneyland was like a dream come true. We went on a monday, the crowd was relatively less, the average wait times for popular rides like grizzly bear ride stich indoor roller coaster was around 20 minutes. if you're a single rider its just a 5 minute ride! BUT kiddies ride like the slinkey dog and the teacup took 45 minutes as most of the families with younger kids would skip the more adventurous ride and enjoy the kid friendly rides. we spent a full day (it wasn't enough! there's so many rides to enjoy, take pictures, walk around) do wear comfy shoes. since the timing is around Christmas time they have this Christmas tree light up ceremony at 6.45, really pretty, and they even had fake snow!!! the main street looked really magical. and the fireworks was beyond magical. definitely worth waiting for.
I was in Tokyo Disneyland in 2010 then I decided that I will travel to one of the Disneyland every year but could not do so.i grabbed this opportunity in Hk to visit Disneyland.we as late risers went to Disney land at2:00 pm,yet tried to enjoy all rides.the grizzly bear ride was one if the memorable one.i loved the interaction with stitch too.the adventureland,it's a small world ,main street USA ,the halloween theme, the scream rides wow!! I can never forget.for last two months I am planning to go Disneyland again as this will be better season to go ,for it is always full of people,crowded and humid when I went there.hk Disneyland I will come soon again!!
Location : Infront of MTR station, time required to cover this place is 1 full dayIts not possible to cover the entire place and all events shows in one day but still better to go early so that you can cover almost everything. Its really fabulous place for all age people and I went with our 18 month old daughter and she has also enjoyed the rides, though this Hong Kong Disney is not as big as paris one but still always better option than any other places at any time.They have too many volunteers to help and take you photos, cartoon characters on the roads to entertain your young ones.Fire work just before the closing was extra ordinary
Be ready to be mesmerised by the magic of Disneyland! Take a train in and work around it. The mascots are really in their role n they love interacting with the visitors, giving high fives and hugs. A really amazing experience! If you only have time for either ocean park n Disneyland, I'd suggest DISNEYLAND!
Disneyland is meant to be the happiest place on earth. Well, the one in Hong Kong must have the most exasperated parents on earth.The kids alternate between brief moments of joy and long bouts of boredom and frustration.I had expected Disneyland to be crowded and the queues long, but I was relatively hopeful that Disney's vaunted queue management systems and methods would help alleviate that. After all it's their core business. This wasn't much in evidence however. In Disneyland Hong Kong queue management appears to consist of telling the people queuing how much longer they have to wait. The information isn't even up to date. On the Slinky Dog ride in Toy Story Land I was handed a card with the time I'd joined the queue written on it. By the time I'd reached the front of the queue 40 minutes later, and the card was taken from me to record a 40 minute wait time, I'd hazard a guess that the people joining the back of the queue would probably have had to wait an hour.It's true that one can use FastPass, to book a later time and return. In the rides I managed to go on however, the FastPass queues were about a quarter to a third the length of the main queue, so that wasn't working either. It just delayed the main queue even more.Many rides were also not filled to capacity. On the Winnie the Pooh Hundred Acre Wood ride, my little family of three and an infant took up a car meant for six. On the Slinky Dog ride, an additional two adults could have squeezed into the car occupied by my three year old and myself. No wonder the queues are long.There were other irritations   turnstiles to exit some rides, for example. This just means that people pile up at the exits. The entrance to the Lion King theatre was packed with no queue management whatsoever, so when the doors opened, there was a headlong rush for seats. Perhaps the visitors aren't used to queuing, but Disney employees should set out queue lines, remind their guests of their obligations to others, and manage an orderly entrance. My little boy was pushed and jostled, it wasn't a pleasant experience for him.We arrived at the park at 10 am when it opened. We did Adventureland including Tarzan's Treehouse and the boat ride, we saw the Festival of the Lion King stage show, and Grizzly Gulch, and we went on the Slinky Dog ride and the Winnie the Pooh Hundred Acre Wood ride. That was it. We left the park at a quarter to four, and we spent nearly 2 hours in queues.Compared to Ocean Park, where the staff were energetic and helpful, and genuinely wanted to make the experience as pleasant as possible for their visitors, the staff at Disney seemed disinterested and focused on telling people about waiting times. It's a shame; the helpfulness of the staff would have made a great difference to what was ultimately a fairly horrendous day. Save your money, visit Ocean Park instead. It's more fun, more interesting, and cheaper.
a must place to visit if you are going to disneyland for first time,be there on time aorund 10 11 a.m and you will be able to take all rides and shops,parade at 1630 mickey show at 1630 and the rollercoaster ride you have to visist the best ride is mystery manor guys don't miss it it a worthfull experience the train normally runs till 1700 hrs so try it before that and then there are mickey shops were we can buy lots of stuff though costly but ok...........veyr helpfull staff and unforgettable experience.!!!a place to visit again n again...
I   m not going to compare this to other Disneyland   s, but rate it on its own merits. The professionalism and attention to detail is evident as soon as you enter the grounds, well before the ticket gate. Everything has been thought of and because of this, you get swept up in the fantasy immediately! The staff were extremely friendly and helpful, even at the end of the day when I   d expect them to be a little tired & grumpy! They also hand out stickers when you ask for help    it   s those small touches that make a difference.This isn   t the place for    exhilarating    rides, however there   s enough to keep ride junkies (i.e. my girlfriend) pleasantly satisfied. We went on a Friday and it didn   t seem too busy so everything we lined up for we got in on within about 10mins     there was only one ride that was going to take 45mins. There   s plenty of merchandise as you   d expect, and I was surprised by how reasonably priced it all was     not cheap but not ridiculously expensive.I only had a few minor criticisms, which certainly didn   t spoil the enjoyment of the day. Firstly, there was a distinct lack of    characters    walking around. We spotted the chipmunks, and Mickey and Minnie mouse doing photo sessions, but I thought we would have seen more characters, even lesser known ones. They were all present during the parade so they obviously have them    maybe we were in the wrong spots at the wrong times? Secondly, the merchandise could have been sorted by type but it was a mish mash of stuff in different stores. We both bought a jacket, and then walked into a jewelry shop later, to find they also had a small selection of different jackets, which we preferred. Third, there were only a few ATM's at the entrance, which had a small maximum that you could get out (HK 1000). For us Aussies, that equates to around $150, which doesn't buy much in a fun park   you could keep using the card, but it meant more transaction fees, and then the ATM seemed to toss a coin as to whether the card would be accepted or not. I guess most people are using credit cards but it was odd that they didn't really cater for people who wanted to use cash.You can purchase a two day pass, however unless it's incredibly busy, or you want to go on ALL the rides (maybe twice), you should be able to get around in a day. It's not a big park and the rides shows are fairly quick. We had enough time to cover the whole park, even backtrack to a few places, go on most rides (including one twice), have lunch & dinner, do some merch shopping, and then catch the Xmas show and Fireworks. We did miss the Parade, but only by choice because we were elsewhere.Being the end of Novmeber, all the Christmas decorations were up, which just made the place even more spectacular. At 6.45pm, they had a short Christmas show, where the huge Christmas Tree in Main St was lit up, and the  snow  that came down between the buildings was just awesome   I've never been so awestruck by something fake   which goes to show just how well they do everything 'fantasy' at Disney.The fireworks at the end (8pm) were brilliant. I   m a keen photographer and had my camera at the ready, but as soon as it started, I noticed so many phone camera screens go up. I decided to put my camera away, not take a single photo and just enjoy them. They were possibly the best fireworks I   ve ever seen (helped by the illuminated castle, and music) and I have no regrets about not taking a single photo     I urge people to put their cameras away and enjoy the moment!! I used to watch Disney as a kid (I   m 31 now), I used to love Mickey Mouse but I   m not a    fan   , like my girlfriend, but HK Disneyland was fantastic.The people criticizing it for not being like those parks in the US or Europe have simply forgotten how to have fun!!
Travelled with my 2 boys (7 10 yo) and found most rides appeal to a younger group. There was only about 4 rides that my kids were interested in. The whole park is much smaller that other Disneylands that we have been to. They loved space mountain, and the Buzz light year ride. The river : cruise  was not bad either. They were to old to be interested in merry go rounds, gentle flying Dumbos' and the like. I don't know what you would do if you have teenage children. Don't bother queing for the car ride, it's boring! The park is very clean and well maintained, food is expensive. You can buy tickets at the circle K stores which will help you skip the lines at the entrance. Very easy to get to via the MTR, and the Disney themed trains that take you to the park are a nice touch.
Having been a season ticket holder of the US Disneyland in California and having visited that one over 12 times in my life, I was preparing to be disappointed with the HK Disneyland, but I was pleasantly SURPRISED. I loved HK Disney. It was obviously not as large and grand as LA Disneyland or Disneyworld's Magic Kingdom, but it wasn't lacking in magic and fun. In fact, I liked that I could cover the entire park in a single day, whereas in the Anaheim location, I always felt rushed to get to every section by the end of the day. In comparison, I felt lines were shorter, many attractions were similar and the ticket price was noticeably cheaper. This Disneyland was quite a bit cheaper than when I visited Disney in the States and that is always a nice surprise. Overall, a great place on any visit to HK, especially if you've never been to a Disney park before.
This place is definitely great for the kids. My daughter liked the stage show   The Festival of the Lion King   but was frightened by the loud noise and flames display during the show. Overall, she enjoyed most of the games except a bit boring for the 'the raft to the Tarzan House'. Our whole family was amazed of the  Small Small World . One minus point was one has to queue for at least 30 to 45 minutes for the games as there were lots of people.
Even if its the smallest Disneyland in the world, people from Asia flock here just to see the magic that is Disney. The excitement starts with the train ride from downtown Hong Kong .The train itself already makes you in the mood to sing Disney Songs. Don't miss the parade, the musical review and the fireworks.If you have limited time make use of the FastPass and come early for the more popular rides. Make sure you plan your rides and let the waiting time count by eating your meals in between waiting for your turn for rides with long queues. Make sure you give your kids a budget to buy souvenirs since every ride has a store and you would be bankrupt if you don't set limits in spending for your children.
Visited here with my family The first impression always important, and Hong Kong Disneyland did the great job! Upon reaching, I already can felt the Christmas season greeting on the entrance together with the Christmas musics! The USA Main Street was decorated greatly for Christmas season. The Christmas Tree was tall and beautifully decorated too! The Parade's Flight of the Fantasy was outstanding! Saw most of the disney characters (Mickey Mouse and friends, disney's princesses) and some didnt show up such as Mulan, Lion King...etcRides in Hong Kong Disneyland was fun and attractive! The best ride for me got to be RC Racer in Toy Storyland!
HK Disney is just too good and pretty big now, with the new theme parks opened. When we were checking with ppl, most of them mentioned that HK Disney is not good and very small, but now I can bet, it is really good now. Lot of people suggest 1 day at disney, but we choose 2 days stay to make sure...we enjoy for what we have paid.My daughter had time of her life when she met all the characters, princesses etc...The signature Parade and Fireworks are just too good and should not be missed. We saw both of these twice. Though some rides were not operational due to Hallowen maintenance, we enjoyed almost all the rides except space mountain. Fairy Land, Golden Mickeys, Storyland and the list goes on and on...just cant afford to miss any of them. These themes are almost same across all the disney land, so if you see it in HK, it will be the same in other Disneyland as well.The rides are not exciting for adults, for kids they surely are, and where in the world you can sit on kids ride. Its only in Disney where entire family can enjoy the rides togather.Characters makes your kids special in disney and spend some time with them and that brings a sparkle on their face....and our faces as well. I felt like a kids for these 2 days, which bought me back to my childhood.
the facilities were very neat. good for kids, it could use more attraction, the time i was there was cold so I had to ride the the facilities just to get warm dont leave before the fireworks its a must see awsome
This Disney is tiny compared to Disney World and the Paris Disneyland, but it was great non the less.The characters were super cute and friendly as they always are in Disney Land.The rides aren't really thrill seeking rides, but some are fun non the less so don't pass on any rides just because they don't look like you'll have fun because even the sit down walk through rides are great to expereince. It doesn't take long to see the whole thing, we did it in about 3 4 hours but we were all adults with no children and passed on some rides.Still an amazing experience non the less
I am not one who go for exciting rides so really felt like a kid in Disneyland and totally enjoy most of the rides. The food there were great too although expensive. Also love the BBQ Squid as a snack to munch and chew! The smell totally bought me over from far! Kids will definitely love Disneyland!
Outstanding in one word. worth the money one spends. A whole day sometimes fall short for a leisurely visit. The space rides are my favorite. Also the lion king show is great. you will find lots of charecters moving around and you can take snaps with them. We went in november and the christmas preparations had already started. The decorations were added topping to the already well decked up place. Lots to write but always better to have a self experience. Finally,irrespective of ages one should go and get back a taste and memory of the sweet old childhood...
Easy to get to, price okay for a day's outing or whatever, long queues, expensive food. Better I think to go to one of the other Disneylands somewhere else in the world: France or the US for example. Don't come to Hong Kong especially to visit this  attraction .
Well it's Disneyland   it's smaller than the one in Los Angeles CA   yet a great theme park for HKG. My daughter and I enjoy visiting every now and then as it's easily accessible by the MTR which makes it very convenient.
Firstly getting to the park is really easy,just catch MTR to Sunny Bay then catch shuttle to main gate.Walking into the park it would be easy to think you were in Orlando or Paris they all share the same attention to detail that Disney does...More
It's been a few years since we have visited Disneyland Hong Kong, so we decided to go on this trip. We are both absolute Disney nuts. Love it. We are Australian and we have annual passes to Disneyland in Anaheim. We have had annual passes...More
It was nice for the kids but nowhere like the real thing.  Rather go to the States for the proper experience.
We visited for 4 hours end Nov.  Got in on a Senior Discount, only HK$100 per person  (compared to HK$450 normally). A great bargain for us.  The property is no  different than the ones in the USA (maybe a bit smaller) and is clean & well...More
Disney HK although smaller, is an amazingly magical place! I live in HKG and have been there quite a few times, but every visit of mine has been magical. From the minute I exit the highway and enter the magical world of Disney, I am...More
It's a small, small world with plenty to get excited about for a family with kids.  There are only two rides of interest for teens and adults, but overall worth the trip for people living in Asia.  Stay at least two nights at the Disnetland...More
Compare to the international standards, its not upto the mark in term of service. Staff don't speak English. U can hardly find 10 staff who can spoke English. Everything is in Chinese, the shows etc and they have translation in few of the shows on...More
First, I live in the Los Angeles area, and grew up going to Disneyland several times a year.  Disneyland Hong Kong is like a Disneyland Jr...not the real thing, but fun anyway.  I went on a Saturday in late November.  Arrived at 9:30, paid the...More
We were hoping there was more to do but this is definitely a theme attraction for the kids. I still enjoyed myself (being a big kid) but was a little disappointed with some of the rides. The caramel popcorn is amazing and all the other...More
Here u leave tomorrow and enter the world of tomorrow and fantasy     Written on the Disneyland entrance  My 3 year old son was able to enjoy most of the rides and shows and it was a wonderful experience; Time spent in some other world...More
This was our 2nd visit. We were here last year in Dec.Only 1 new attraction   Mystic House.It's a ride much like Weenie the Poo.You wouldn't want to go for the ride again.If you're thinking of going the 2nd time, it's not worth the entrance fee of HK$450 for adult & HK$350 for child below 12. The food at all the outlets are really bad and not value for money. Most are priced above mid price restaurant in town. With the exception of a fine dining Chinese restaurant, which is priced at high end. Didn't want to try after bad experience with the other outlets. I guess you can't expect to find good and value for money food at theme parks.For a family of 2A2C. Expect to spend at least HK$2200 2500 including entrance fee & 3 meals. Not including merchandise.Only saving grace is the fireworks show at night 8pm before the park closes.
Amazing fireworks at night...dont miss it.kids will really enjoy there......food  is ok  ...dont miss the parade too. Must goback the fallowing day ....wish to go back again.:)
Have just visited this week and have to say its a great disney to visit for kids 3 . It felt to me to be more of a training park for kids first time to disney before they build up to the big parks. As grown ups ( lol ) we had whole park due in 2 hrs. Food at park mainly all rice and noodles.
Hong Kong Disneyland is beautiful. My wife, 3 year old son and I had a wonderful time there. Highlights were Toy Story Land and seeing the fireworks display. We were lucky enough to be selected as the Grand Marshals of the Disneyland Parade   what a brilliant experience for my son! Everything was set out perfectly for young children, and the rides were great. I recommend arriving earlier in the morning, and going on as many rides as possible before the crowds build up. The strollers for hire are great.Getting there before 10am and hanging around the city hall area may help your chance of being selected as Grand Marshal.If you are going on a family holiday to Hong Kong then Disneyland is definitely a must do. (We found it was far superior to Ocean Park).
We had great fun here. We have never been to any other disney lands, so it was all a big surprise for the children. Easy to get to. Lots of fun rides, and attractions, the children really enjoyed the roller coasters. We would definitely go back again, something to look forward to.
I recently had been to Disneyland with my wife and 8 year old son in the month of October.Never visited other Disney,but enjoyed Sun city(S.A),Genting Highlands,Universal and so many similar ones,however,found this Disney more homely.Had reached Disney Hollywood hotel after a long Journey from Mumbai,but did not get our room so had breakfast and took the shuttle and reached the park at 10 15 am.The moment we entered main street USA and took the rail journey around the park,our mind got refreshed by the nice climate and colorful people around.Though main street vehicle was not working but shops along the street were nice to visit.Then we entered adventure land and took jungle river cruise,river raft and Tarzan's tree house and enjoyed every bit of it.Being Saturday,people had started pouring in by this time and faced long queue at Grizzly gulch roller costar train was very good and my child went again and again.Geyser was nice fun and we had good lunch thereafter.Next was mystic point and mystic manor where nice journey through magical world was good enough to keep us happy.However,we did not give much time to toy story land and fantasy land.Tomorrow land was the best and kept us busy till fire works at 9 pm which is out of the world.Autopia,orbitron,Stich encounter,Astroblaster all were extremely nice to take multiple chances.Remember maximum crowd is for Autopia always and please leave the park 3 minutes before firework starts otherwise long queue at the bus stand will keep you waiting till 10 pm.
I had a great day here on my birthday (I'm 25!). Yes, it is quite a bit smaller than other Disneylands but just enjoy it for what it is! It's a really fun day and there are some really good rides. We spent a full day here doing all the rides, shows and fireworks at the end. I didn't go to Ocean Park so I can't make a comparison but I really enjoyed my day at Disney and would definitely recommend it!
Disneyland has always guranteed a great time and a magical experience and this one is no less. Although much smaller than its Orlando counterpart, this one has enough to keep us on our feet for a whole day. I think teenagers would want to choose Ocean Park over this, but I think Disneyland is equally good. Grizzly Gulch, RC Racer and Space Mountain were great thrill rides. All the others are mostly theme based and more enjoyable for children. Loved the Jungle River Cruise, def one of a kind. Also, the Lion king show is not to be missed. Make sure you try for Golden Mickies and Stitch Encounter as well. The Parade was as good as it could get. And the fireworks more than made it up for a great day. Since we went on a weekend, the lines were almost non existent and we could enjoy every rides twice without running out of time. The thing is, we ran out of things to do by 6 while the fireworks were at 8, so we had to go back to Hotel and return. Wish the park would have been bigger and equipped with more rides suitable for teenagers. It was still a very lovely experience and I would love to return someday with my kids.
Much smaller than other disneys I have been to. (florida and paris)can be done easily in one day.Mostly for young kids, but do have one ride in each island which can be enjoyed by adults.parade and fireworks are recommended and if you love disney it does not matter how old you are you will enjoy this one.
it was a wonderful experience being in dysneyland. very easily accissible by mtr and very well maintained. make sur u reach early if u want to cover it in one day. make sure u see all the shows as the details are available in the map. rides are good but shows are just extraordinary. food inside is average but cleanliness is very good. make sure u see the ending ceremony which is around 8 p.m.
Grumpy staff, long lines, nothing for a 2 year old to do except queue, constant music blaring overly loud music from every corner of the very small park. Basically if you've been to any half decent theme park anywhere in the world, it'll have more to do and have better rides than HK Disneyland. Yes it's very pretty, but i was expecting a much better attention to detail and at least something for small children to do. The day started by us being told off by a member of staff because our 2 year old was having a drink of water on the train (it was a hot day), and went downhill from there.It is incredibly small, we went when it was supposedly quiet, I'd hate to see it when it was busy. It might be better for older children but there's still only about 6 rides so save your money and spend the day looking at amazing Hong Kong and take the kids somewhere better when you get home. Maybe I'm used to theme parks in the UK, USA and Australia but still I was expecting more from Disney.
HK Disney is a good place to start for younger kids (about 3   9yo). The rides are manageable, the size of the park is good enough for family with younger kids. The parade is as good. Is worth to visit if you are a first timer Disneyland goer. If you have been to the ones in Japan, France or US, perhaps you may want to skip this. Otherwise, is worth the trip for family with young kids.
Not like Florida or California Disney, but its a Disney! Kids will love it.The rides are mostly for younger kids. Pre teens would enjoy some of the rides like Space Mountain and the new car ride in the Toy Story Land.The shows are extremely professional (Lion King and Mickey's Awards). The fireworks and the parade are signature Disney quality!We went on a weekday and lines were OK.
Is it as great as Disneyland in California or Disney World in Florida, no. But taking your 2 year old son to meet his hero Mickey Mouse makes it all worth while. This park is great for small kids, but has very few of the classic Disney rides but is great for families like us with small children. Will definitely be back while we are living in Asia!
Well, Disneyland is always a fun place to go. I went there twice during holidays and the queue is quite long. If u go with ur kids, then take at least 4 5 hours. I went there at around 2pm and stayed there until the park close where we can watch the fireworks shows at the end of the hour. U absolutely cannot bring food and drinks inside and they will check ur bags for it but inside there are choices of restaurants. Things that u cannot missed is the 3D show and the show in the theatre. We had much fun from it and want to go again since there's another new attraction in HK Disneyland.
This was the smallest Disneyland we have visited but we were not disappointed. The park was well maintained, we went in July     busy but not crowded. Unique rides, one of which was the Big Grizzly Mountain Mine Train     excellent ride, also Mystic Manor. We got some rain during the day but we were still able to enjoy the theme park. Some amazing shows, stunning parades, meet the characters and watch the fireworks. Definitely worth a visit, will certainly go again.
you love Disney? then hit this place, even from the moment you taking Disney metro you will be surrounded by disney character. once reach the station then yeahhhh you're kids.!micky mouse and other Disney character will guide you to have fun. there's plenty of choice of attraction or simply take the train (opposite the gate) to take you travel all around the Disney park till you know where you want to go. .shop till drop? don't worry. there's a plenty of choice of Disney merchandise and the shop are spread all over the park. the only suggestion is, wait until they're close and watch the dancing fireworks (it's worth to wait)
We went to disneyland in first week of Nov'2013. It was an amazing park. My child liked very much to see all shows and disneyland parade.It's a small world,The Golden Mickeys,Winnie the Pooh shows were great shows.Disneyland parade was great but very small (only 15 minutes). Disneyland is a small amusing park which you can complete in one day.
Loved, loved, loved it here! Growing up with Disney characters, I enjoyed every moment I stayed in this wonderful place. My regret now is not devoting the whole day here. I wasn't able to go to a few attractions due to my half day stay (couldn't walk as fast as I used to when I was younger.). I loved the parade and the fireworks. Watching them made me teary eyed.On another note, the food wasn't that bad and expensive. A bit ordinary but it's OK to buy food here.
Very good small but I had a wonderfull time I'd go back again only thing in jan it was cold love to go when it's hot
We were in Disneyland Hong Kong last week our Son 9 has Autism & ADHD and Daughter 11 with Aspergers we were worried about lines but we went on a Tuesday Wednesday and had no worries longest wait was 30 mins for Autopia. Most lines were 5 10 min wait. We have done other Disneylands but with a letter from Doc, so we have been able to use Disable line in USA. But thankfully no worries, we found the food he was use to like a hotdog with nothing on in Tomorrow land. A couple of rides like Mystic Point was loud and gets dark needed ear plugs and lion king show. But otherwise a good day. The park is small and you can get around in 1 day if your on the go but we chose 2 and there was no rush in morning as it doesn't open until 10 so we got there at 10.45 and pretty much walked in.
Although smaller than the Disneyland in most other countries, it still packs a great experience. It's great for children or for adults who are still childish at heart. Their rides aren't very scary. It's just enough to keep things fun for the family or for a group of friends. I don't advise going on peak seasons as the place can get very crowded, which makes queueing and taking photos more difficult.
It will take the whole day to view the ginormous amusement park. Better go not on a peak season so that you can participate in all the rides. A lot of souvenir (pricey) shops, food stands and restaurants. I enjoyed the short play at the small theatre so much. It is very tiring if you're walking under the scorching heat of the sun. This park brings out the kid in you seeing all your favorite Disney characters. Don't forget to wear your rubber shoes.
Must visit if you're a fan of cutesy stuff. My first time visiting Disneyland and really enjoyed myself! Went on a random weekday and still had to queue an hour for phototaking with Mickey and Minnie Mouse at 11 in the morning! Stayed all the way till the park close but didn't manage to finish exploring the entire place. Would love to go back there again. Not much food selection there though, so it may be a good idea to bring some snacks. Don't forget to bring extra cash to buy all the souvenirs in Disneyland!
Went as a family in August. Made it on a week day to escape the weekend crowds, but did not know that it was school holidays on mainland China!!! The place was jampacked and the masses of people extending upto the train station. Spent a full day there  total fiasco!!! have to wait 2 hours just to enter and average 1 to 1 1 2hours in que for every ride ( Where each ride lasted for 2 to 3 minutes!!) did 7 rides in 9 hours!!So please give this place a miss during holiday seasons.PLACE: Basically a theme park with multiple  rides  like the ones you see in most tourist places   the difference being that these rides are based on Disney characters. No big deal. And definitely not worth putting disneyland as top priority on visiting Hongkong.FANTASTIC: The Lion King stage programme made up for some relief ;Its 60 minutes of simply great entertaintment of very high standards.OVERALL COMMENT: A good theme park......nothing great to write home about.
Well, if it's just me, I guess I won't go to Disneyland, especially when there is a universal studio right here in Singapore Resorts world. However, for our children, we decided to go bring them to Disneyland for the experience.  We took the mtr to...More
Although Hong Kong Disneyland cannot compete with the ones in the States, but without it, Hong Kong won't have a theme park that is worth visiting anymore.  I would recommend this park over Ocean Park as the latter was over crowded and the attractions were...More
I have seen Disney Land in States but the one in Hong Kong makes a difference especially to children. The welcoming Disney spring at the entrance enthralls the mass but children, clean bowled  at the entry itself !   The toy train from internal main station...More
the park is simply one of the worst in the world. it did not live up to a typical disneyland. disney should just shut it down, seriously. it was so crowded throughout the day. many rides required a queue for more than 30mins. even for...More
I was at the Orlando and Los Angeles Disneylnad the one in Hong Kong has better Jungle ride and tomorroland , but it does not compare to the ones in USA
It was my first time to visit HK Disneyland and a Disneyland park for that matter. HK Disneyland I suppose is smaller than the others but I still enjoyed my visit. The staff are friendly and accommodating. The ticket purchase was also a breeze since I did it online and in advance. The queue was manageable. There were staff associates who were present to make sure that the queue would be moving at a good pace. I appreciate how they managed the timing for the photo opportunity with Disney characters. Not only I like the accessibility of the theme park, I also appreciate and impressed with the special Disney trains which actually build up the sense of arrival to the place. I like the attractions and the rides and the shops. They also maintained the cleanliness of the toilets especially when it rained. It was really a wonderful visit. Disney really has its magic!
In the last 12 months we have been to three Disney parks. Hong Kong, Orlando, Anaheim (home base). I must say HK Disney was very impressive. First, you can buy tickets anywhere in HK for one flat rate ($399 HKD, $50) Very good price and convenient that you can purchase at malls, MTR stations, etc. Second, the transportation from TSM to HK disney was easy and fun. There was a dedicated line from the Sunny Bay station to the entrance. It even had a themed MTR train with mouse windows, seats, etc. We had young kids with us, so super easy to get to the entrance. The park is smaller than orlando or anaheim but not that much smaller. The lands are very stroller friendly and good for kids and adults who don't like walk. Since we are from the US, it seemed like ppl were not into fast rides like Space Mountain and Grizzy Peak. Wow, we were even able to ride Jungle Cruise because the attendant was begging us to come aboard the english one. I've never in my life have seen no waiting for Jungle Cruise (which is why I avoid it). The food is very reasonable and good. They have american food (burgers, fries, sandwiches) and then the asian food (pork chop rice, noodles). Again, $6 or less. Great value. They had a Toy Story land which was cool. Definitely would go back again.
This was my third time been to HK Disneyland. But this was my first time that I am bringing my children there. To avoid the long line of purchasing tickets, I bought it in advance.I went there on Monday as to avoid the crowd. Unfortunately, many tourists were there. Of course, long lines were seen in front of all attractions. Average of 30 40 minutes of waiting time. The management should look into this (for your information, Universal Studio Singapore waiting time for an attraction is about 15 20 minutes during weekends).We were having our lunch at about 3.30pm. Yet you have to spend 30 minutes to buy our meals.It was raining on and off on that day. We were not able to enjoy as much as we wish to because there was a small baby with us.Tips: bring your rain coat.Overall, my experience was pleasant especially my children were happy inside the park. Honestly, not much of changes updates in term of attractions. Visitors (especially myself) may consider to visit the other theme park after several visits of the almost similar attractions. You might losing out to other. Work hard, HK Disneyland.
After being in HK for almost two weeks, I came out to Disney. I had not been here since early 2006 when they had been opened for a few months. The park has increased in size about 40% since I came here last. The tickets are reasonable, about $485 hkd, $585 for two days, $850hkd for a year. I bought the year since I work for an airline and could come whenever I want to. It was a nice change after being in HK for almost two weeks since I live in the usa. It wasn't crowded and the spaces are open, made me kind of feel like I was back in the usa. So great place to go if you are feeling a little homesick after you are tired of the crowds in HK.
Never been to any Disneyland before, however I went with another friend who has   he was disappointed, but you can't compare as this Disneyland is very small in comparison to others. Check times for the Parade   worth seeing as kids would love that. Although we went early, the lines for rides would take some time. They do however note at the front of the lines how long the wait could potentially be and they are quite accurate. Go during midweek to avoid larger crowds.
Every kid go to Disneyland absolutely like it. You can enjoy many shows and parades, especially the fireworks. However, the games there is kindda boring to an adult. You should ask for the time of every show to arrange an effective day by watching all the show in there.
Easily accessible by public transport, we went on a Tuesday the crowds were minimal, it was fun energetic, the kids loved it. The shopping was good, food outlets are ok, the parade was fun and energetic. Park was clean and well presented. would return but not buy a two day pass next time we saw everything easily in one day.
I thoroughly enjoyed our visit to HK Disneyland. Granted, it's no Disney World like in Florida, but it was easy to navigate because it was half the size. Also, getting there first thing in the morning gave us the ability to go on most of the rides even before it got busy. If you're going to go all the way to Hong Kong, I think you should definitely make the trek to go visit Mickey!
This was my first trip to a Disneyland. I really enjoyed everything it had to offer and thought the experience was really good. The ticket prices we on the high side. Lion King show was great. Fireworks were great but try and get out before the mad rush to get out!
If you are visiting Hong Kong, plan a complete day for Disneyland. Great rides, shows, parade   and with awesome fireworks to close the day!
Happiest place on earth only if u have not been to other Disneyland   You are able to endure the large China crowd. Overall package is good especially for family with kids. However better rides expected. There is no outstanding ride such as Transformer in USS etc ...
We visited on a Thursday last October, beacause of the Halloween events happening at the park, they have additional attractions and a Halloween parade at night. The shows at the park were great, I almost cried watching the Festival of the Lion King. I also liked Golden Mickeys and Mickey's Philharmagic. Watch out for the show times of Stitch encounter, depending on the language you prefer (English or Cantonese). The newly opened land, Mystic Point was good. It was beautifully designed. The Gardens of Wonder is a nice place to take photographs.The rides at the park were aimed for children but adults would still enjoy it, especially for the last three opened lands (Toy Story, Grizzly Gulch and Mystic Point).The foods inside the park were not so great but the servings were huge. Buy the meal voucher at the entrance of the park, this includes dinner, lunch and popcorn or soda, to save money as the prices of food were steep, just like at any theme park.
I visited the place with my friend, her 4 years old son, and 2 years old daughter and had a great time in Disneyland. We enjoyed 5 rides and 3 shows including Halloween show. Especially I like Lion King Show which does not have in Tokyo Disneyland. It is an amazing show of dancers which demonstrate the story of the Lion King. One thing I notice is the food there need some improvement, but overall I liked the place a lot and definately I will come back if I go to Hong Kong.
Though the reviews says that its worth to go for two days package, its good for 1 day. Most of the days, Disneyland opens from 10.30 am and until 11 pm. More details can be found in the disneyland website. we get the information for next one week. So, you can plan almost last moment on how do you want to go to this land.. Its a total fun for Kids, who are crazy on Mickey & Mini.. But what HK has done is to introduce Toy Story Land and Tomorrow Land, which is bit different. There will be Mickey and Mini in the entrance itself (10.30 am) for the meet & greet session. We were stuck at this place, since my son wanted to have photo and then only move to next site land. In reality, there are meet & greet sessions inside the park for Micky,minnie, goofy, pluto, princess, daisy also. Overall the experience was very good for family.
I used to work in the disneyland, anaheim, ca park during my college days and one of the locations was the main street cafeteria near sleeping beauty castle. So I assumed that this would be serving americana but got a blast out of the fact it was setup as a dim sum restaurant. You look at the exterior and its completely opposite the interior. That and the fact i spent my whole time wandering around to see if there were any anglo cast members. The park itself is smaller then the other parks I have been to, but they are constantly adding new attractions recently they have their version of the haunted mansion up and running (mystic point). about the only land missing here was  new orleans square  but who knows
Having been to Disneyland in Anaheim four times and having heard that Hong Kong Disneyland was much smaller, we were pleasantly surprised at how much it really felt like the original Disneyland. Sure, it is not exactly the same but it felt like Disneyland with...More
A excellent trip for kids and young at heart.      If you are not tight on budget and have small kids, I suggest that you book a hotel at either Disney Hollywood Hotel or Disneyland Hotel. This will give you time to rest and re energize...More
Having read a number of average reviews about Hong Kong Disneyland, we were pleasantly surprised. Yes, it is smaller than both Anaheim & Orlando in the States but we spent a whole day wandering around the different  Lands  and going on the rides. To get...More
Went here in the fall of 2012 and didn't realize the park closes at 6 7pm. We bought the tickets at 3pm in the hotel and it would have been nice had someone alerted us to this fact.  Needless to say, we were surprised when rides...More
We went there with my 4 year old son. I must say this is better than Universal Studios in Singapore. It is good for kids and toddlers, adults and young at heart. The interval is really fast with the wait time but the food is...More
Very special. However the rides are mainly for the younger ones, and space mountain is the only slightly terrifying one. A great family day out and the hotel is just amazing. Very friendly and you can have the chance to meet the characters. Lots to...More
We have a 2 yr old and 4 yr old and had a great time at Disneyland HK. Big enough for what we were seeking, line ups not too bad, all the staff characters were lovely. We spent 2 days there and with 2 little ones...More
Indeed was a worst choice to visit this park on a Saturday. We had no choice as we are in HongKong for the weekends only.  Just for the phototaking session with Mickey couple at the main street, we had queue for at least 1.5 hour...More
We got the two day pass and enjoyed our time immensely. We were able to go once in the earlier part of the day and see the parade and then return a second day later and stay for the fireworks. IF you are expecting similar to LA you will be disappointed but if you are expecting a HK Disney experience it is awesome. The staff, amenities, food and park were excellent   we had a lovely two days as a family. Our kids are 6 and 5.
Our first ever visit to a Disneyland and it was great. The rides aren't major thrill rides but they are fun. Our family just enjoyed the experience. It was themed for Halloween so there was a night parade as well as the daytime one. Both were fantastic and the fireworks were lovely. We arrived after lunch as we had read the reviews that you would do it all easily. WRONG. We had extended opening hours for Halloween but still didn't get to do everything. Go for the whole day we wish we had been there at opening.
I have been going to Disney   on and off   different locations   for over 40 years. It still has the magic, professionalism and sheer enjoyment that it always had.HK is one of the smaller Disneylands. Many key features seen elsewhere are missing. But since my last visit they have added 2 new areas which fill out the day.Going mid week (Tuesday in October 2013), there were no queues. Just walk on any attraction. Not so at weekends I understand.Getting there is easy by metro (and cheaper than the bus surprisingly). The thing that impressed me this time was that the place was spotlessly clean and super efficient   it looked like it had just been built. Unlike other entertainment places in HK (like Ocean Park).I guess comparison with Ocean Park is inevitable. Disney is smaller, a shorter visit time, and more expensive   but definitely worth it, and in my opinion the better entertainment value. The thrill rides are less thrilling so better for younger kids and those not wanting the extreme.
We are probably spoilt having been to both the USA resorts.We found this very small and very limited. It took us only half a day to go round this resort.On the positive side the resort was very clean and tidy. What they have done was done well. The staff were very friendly and helpful.Not value for money at 450 HK$ each.
I visited the Hong Kong park with my parents, overall we enjoyed the experience but were a little disappointed that there was a lot more food places kids shows than decent main attractions that were fun for adults. They do a pretty good job at balancing the multi language issue, and we only noticed one ride where there was no English option, so that was great. The only two really decent rollercoasters were Space Mountain and Runaway mine. No Pirates of the Caribbean, no Splash Mountain....although they do have a version of the Haunted House. It's not up to California's Disneyland standards and if your family is adult or teenagers you will notice that, but if younger kids (and there were lots and lots of toddlers) then there's plenty of rides and shows aimed at them. There's some good shows   in particular we liked the Lion King show and Mickey's Philharmagic. Both worth queuing for. The place is ridiculously well staffed   to the point where there's someone standing at the entrance feeding in your ticket for you (eyeroll, but for some reason you see this all over Hong Kong, it's as if nobody is allowed to do these basic things for themselves). You can't take a step without someone in a Disney Uniform waving your direction, even for the most obvious things. Weird. This is my third Disneyland after California and Paris, and it doesn't touch either of them. Fun but one day was enough   in that time we visited every ride, and some we visited several times, and we'd done all the main 'adult' attractions before 1pm. We had a good day and enjoyed it, but weren't blown away. Perhaps we visited on a quiet day (Friday) but we didn't notice many characters about on the streets...but those we did see were doing the usual friendly Disney thing. Food is small portion high prices but you should really expect that in a theme park, it didn't bother us.
Hong Kong Disneyland is an enjoyable place for kids and family as a whole. Visited it during October 2013 and although visited it on a Monday it was still overcrowded. For each and every ride there was a long queue and it was a little annoying for the kids to wait so long. Advisable to go during the low season when the crowd is less.
Disneyland is surely a good place to visit in Hong Kong. The place is really a place for kids and those who are 'kids at heart'. At some point, we were all kids then and going back to this place will bring back the 'kid' in you.
I thought Disney was just for kids but it's definitely for adults too.My kids loves Disney.We were stars truck with the Disney characters especially my little girl.She loves Disney princesses. Don't miss  The Golden Mickey Show , Lion King  and  Mickey's philharmagic .It's so amazing.You would fall in love over and over again.Be sure to sit at the front row so you could take nice pictures.Flights of fantasy parade at Main Street every 3 p.m is so spectacular.If you have kids I would recommend you stay at the front because there's a part of the parade where the characters greets and interacts with the little ones.I'm glad we were at the front.My children had a good time taking pictures and doing high five with the characters.Not to miss the most is the fireworks every 8 p.m.It's overwhelming,really.Some of my friends who had been to Disney too told me they were teary eyed while watching the fireworks show and I felt the same.So,if you're planning to visit HK be sure to see Disney and experience it's magic...and wearcomfortable shoes (flats or rubber shoes).There's no transportation inside the park and you have to walk all day long....I hope this helps you!
Although Hong Kong Disneyland is fairly small, they have enough shows and attractions to keep you busy the entire day. it's still Disneyland and it's always a happy place, and requires only a short flight from Manila. Compared to my last visit in 2011, I have planned this trip better and explored all areas including the new additions Toy Story Land and Mystic Point.What I like about this place:  Worth spending a whole day and ending with the fireworks which is always magical  Amazing live shows even if I have seen them before. Thumbs up for Festival of the Lion King and the Golden Mickeys  Good place to visit with extended family. Kids and seniors can enjoy most of the rides   The Toy Story Parachute Drop is better than Legoland Malaysia's version of the ride  There is a lane for single riders, which is convenient if you are the most adventurous in your group or in my case I was with my elderly parents during my recent visit A few tips that I can share:  A full day is enough to cover all the rides and shows if you visit on a weekday  Buy your tickets in advance to save time  Get a map at the entrance and plan your route according to preferences and show schedules. Visitors usually tour the park clockwise, don't follow the crowd.  Take photos with all Disney characters in the morning, there is no queue except for the famous Mickey. Longer lines and wait time in the afternoon.  Fastpass is recommended to cut queuing time but since we visited on a weekday we didn't really need it  Sunblock and an umbrella for the sudden change of weather. Visited in September and it rained twice.Giving it only 4 stars this time since they cancelled the parade even if it stopped raining by noon. The rainy day parade is disappointing.
likes   entertaining, good vibes, happy feel, great rides and shows, disney characters interactions  dislikes   long waiting time.
The excitement started even before we got to Disneyland. Visitors travelling by MTR take the special Disneyland train with Mickey Mouse windows from Sunny Bay to Disneyland.We reached Disneyland 1 2hr before opening time and we were permitted to enter into the Main Street area. Great time to browse in the shops or get some photos before rides time.I understand that there has been the addition of new rides lately but one full day is still sufficient to go on the rides. We went during the Golden Week and yet had time to go on all the rides we wanted. Our children are aged 8,11,13 so we skipped the kiddy rides. However, the 3D Mickey show at the kids area is excellent. We also went for the 'Pooh Adventures' and 'It's A Small World' which is enjoyable for all ages. The food at the Royal Banquet Hall was surprisingly good and reasonably priced.Our other favourite rides were the Buzzlight Year Astro Blasters which was an interactive ride, RC Racer, Runaway Mine Cars and Mystic Manor.The highlight for us adults was The Lion King show (30 min). We enjoyed the show immensely that we persuaded the kids to go for a second time. And don't forget to stay back for the fireworks which was spectacular.You might also want to check out if there are freebies when you buy your tickets. We bought our tickets from the hotel we stayed in and got 2 free umbrellas which came in handy when it started raining.
I knew as soon as I booked a holiday to Hong Kong that I would have to visit this park. Public transport was much like Tokyo Disneyland and easily accessible with the MTR system.I chose to attend on a Tuesday since I figured the park would not be too crowded. I showed up a little after opening time and there was a minimal wait for ticketing and security. Most of the rides only had a few minutes' wait. Winnie the Pooh was a popular ride, as well as Mad Hatter's Teacups. I recommend using the FastPasses for if you like a ride. Other than that, the most wait time I saw was twenty minutes.Some visitors might be underwhelmed by the architecture of the park. I actually had a flashback to Disneyland Paris (Main Street is almost the same). However, the castle is not as big as expected, but I still had a wonderful time. The Hong Kong engineers created the park to stimulate a 4D effect which was quite unique (such as smells or wind gusts).I would recommend checking beforehand to see if there are any public holidays because the park can fill up quick   it is not a sprawling attraction like the other Disney parks. Be sure to stay for Disney in the Stars   the firework finale held each night. It was fantastic!
Visited HK Disneyland with my wife and 2 year old daughter as we had heard it was a great place to visit with younger kids. We were not disappointed with plenty of activities to do that suited our daughter as well as for my wife and I. Some things were a bit gimmicky but you expect that with the Disney franchise. Definitely recommend it!
My first ever visit to Disneyland and it was magical. The entrance fee costs around the same price as Universal Studio Singapore, back home, but the whole experiential package that Disneyland provides worth so much more.The whole Disney experience begins from the MTR train journey itself. A Disney thematic metro train with really adorable handles, windows and displays. Toy Story land is fabulous, with really interesting wayfinding signs, benches and rides. I think this part of the park is created such that the end users (us) felt as though we are one of the toys, in Andy's Room, playing around like what we saw in the movie.Lastly, the Disney fireworks finale makes every single cent you paid for worth it all. It brought back a lot of childhood memories, and is kinda touching.If this is what the smallest Disneyland in the world felt like already, I really cannot wait to go to all of its other parks around the world.
Family and I just visited Hong Kong and we thought we'd finally try the two theme parks in the city. I just posted a review on Ocean Park. A lot of people told warned me about this or that about this place before we visited. I don't know whether it was our less than perfect visit to Ocean Park or ower lowered expecations because of what our friends thought about Disney HK but I have to admit that even with two teenage kids in tow, I think we actually enjoyed our visit to Disneyland HK and definitely more than our visit to Ocean Park!The Good: When it comes to getting all of the little things just right (the lighting, music, layout, staff training, etc...), there is just no comparison   Disneyland is just at a different level! It was really clear that the entire experience was thought through and there was a AAA standard that had to be met regarless of whether it was the pain on the light poles or the costumes on the princesses or even the music and choreography of the fireworks show. Everything just clicked. The food was surprisingly good for a theme park. It was Disneyland but there was tons of Asian food (the Ramen, while not great, was soooo much better than the sad excuse for Ramen at Ocean Park   they used plain thin chinese noodles!), service was great and efficient, they actually had condiments and really nice plastic utensils... I feel totally dumb fawning about theme park dining but seriously, there was about 30 years of expertise and experience difference between the two parks. Our friends had annual passes and with their discount, I think food costs were actually the same as Ocean Park.The rides aren't designed for teenagers I have to admit and the attractions to eating and shopping ratio isn't great (at least compared to Orlando) but I have to say that after two weeks in four Asian cities, I felt at ease and like I could just relax and not worry about the little things. I also enjoyed kick my son's butt at the Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters attraction!The Bad: Parking is super expensive and the lines are long. Way too much retail shopping and the park isn't open that late. It is small but if I lived in HK, it is so close by car that I think it would be cool to just visit once in a while.
For someone who's never been to any amusement park of HK Disneyland's scale, being here was the highlight of my childhood (errrr, child at heart!). I was at my happiest when I was there with my parents. My favorite rides were: RC Racer, Toy Story Parachute Drop, Runaway Mine Cars, Mad Hatter Tea Cups and Space Mountain.Also, allot time to watch their shows and parades like the Festival of the Lion King, Flights of Fantasy Parade, and the not to be missed Disney in the Stars Fireworks every 8pm!
I have been lucky enough to visit every Disney Park around the world and was looking forward to ticking of the list with Hong Kong. We are slightly Disney obsessed, but just felt that Hong Kong was a little out of step form the others. Some of the best rides were completely missing. No Pirates of the Caribbean, no Peter pan and the Haunted House was a Mystic house (maybe cultural?) There is a very ugly scary centre statue in front of a very small Cinderella's castle (where is Mickey mouse?) Maybe that was for Halloween. My teenager indicted that The Mine care ride   is a poor comparison with Thunder Mountain and Space Mountain didn   t have the same scare factor. However, in giving these criticisms I will positively say that the food that was available was a pleasant surprise. Great variety, and a lot more healthy than other parks. Although hotdogs and the normal junk foods are available there was also a wide range of other choices at quite a reasonable price. The entrance fee to the park is also lower than other parks. We had a great day none the less and I wouldn   t complain if I found myself back there again.
We went with our 3 year old and she had a fantastic time. It's not too big so doesn't take that long but we did it over a day and a half to get some rest breaks in. Lots of characters to meet and cuddle. Lots of rides suitable for toddlers. Ok food options. You can hire strollers in the park.
Went there last week. Kids loved the various rides. Clicked a lot of pictures with the Disney characters, Fireworks at the end of the show was like icing on the cake. Nice way to end the evening. Amazing stuff for kids. The parade was nice and lively.
Very good amusement park. They have only few rides but they have many shows which is awesome. You have to spend like 1 hr in que for each ride show which is frustrating so its better you go during weekdays like Mon Tue Wed will get less crowd.If you go during weekdays than 1 day is more than enough to cover all rides and shows but if you go during weekends or holidays than 1 day is not enough. Kids between 9 13 will have good time. Because this place is mainly for kids. Food is expensive.You will get direct MRT Train for Disneyland and that is cheapest way to reach there.
This place is amazing, good for adults & children. Plenty to see, do, enjoy and experience. Also a very cost effective venue for gifts, souvenir's, snacks & food etc. :)
My wife & I took our 10 Y.O daughter to Disneyland HK on 14th Oct. We did the night time deal where you pay AUD$45 each after 6pm until 11pm. For the first 2 or 3 hours the lines had wait times of about 30 45 mins. In the last 2 hours we were getting on within 5 mins. We managed to do everything in that time. Our only issu was that the whole park was so dark and not lit up it was impossible to read your map to work out what ride to go on. My tip is to download a map of the park beforehand and study it to work out what is where. Overall a great experience. Only about one third the size of LA Disneyland.
Disneyland has always been the fancy name since childhood. We went there and spent a whole day in it. It was fun, plenty of facilities, lots of people as well. The fireworks are awesome, really like the Disney Movie title. We give it a four star mainly because we expected more. After visited Universal Studio and other places, some facilities seems not attractive, some new stuff should be incorporated.
This is a much smaller Disney park with all the usual trappings    Main Street USA, Parade, Fireworks, Character pics and greeting, train around the property etc packed into a more compact area which can be a boon if the group includes young children...the number of rides for slightly bigger kids   adults is very limited though its much better than my last visit a few years ago...also the queues this time were very small maybe because we went there on a working day...pretty good for a first time Disney visit (like for my younger one) but nowhere near close to the expansiveness of the American Disney parks
This is the only attraction that gets 5 stars from me in HK. I and my family visited HK Disneyland last week (Oct 2013) thankfully on a weekday. We thoroughly enjoyed it. It takes one full day (they open the gates at 10:00 am and fireworks end at 8:30 PM) to do justice to this place.Minecar ride was the best. Rush there first. Mystic manor, River cruise, Lion king show, Autopia, stitch encounter,Tarzan tree house, train ride around the park and the fire works towards the end are must see.Infact, I can't think of one attraction that will let you down. The entry tickets are priced at HK $ 430 per adult and is worth every penny.Two tips: Buy your tickets from MTR Disney shops to avoid queues. Leave the place just a few minutes before the fireworks end to board your train. Else, you will be competing with 10,000 other people to get on to the train. The wait time there will ruin the entire day of fun.
I spent one day at disneyland, and it was magical, the staff were really friendly and nice. The line was great. The food was a bit expensive but good, especially the snacks. I met snow white, rupanzel, jesse and buzz. The bad was it was raining so the parade was switched to mickey rainy day express, and it did not impress me at all. I love the space mountain. The lion king show was epic. I want to go back and try the ride on toy story land that was closed because od the rain. The fireworks was amazing, it was my childhood in a dream
I've managed to avoid the magic of Disneyland in Paris and the States so far. I'm not a theme park fan   far too many queues and overpriced entrance and food. However, we've just moved to Hong Kong and can see the nightly firework display from our living room window so as it was Half term break from school I took my 2 boys for a visit. They are 12 and 9 and have never shown any interest in going to Disneyland in Paris despite many of their friends doing so when we lived in the UK but they were looking forward the day out. We decided to go after lunch and stay for the 9pm firework display. During the week the display takes place at 8pm but on Fridays and the weekend it's an hour later. The park is open until 11pm on these nights.We got the Disneyland line MTR straight to the park entrance. The windows are in the shape of Mickey Mouse ears and inside the carriage are glass cabinets with gold statues of many characters, just to get you in the mood for all the cheesiness that is to follow!We had to queue for about 20 minutes for tickets, but could have booked them online and then picked them up from a machine   will do this next time. Annoyingly, my 12 year old had to pay adult price, but this seems to the norm across the board in Hong Kong so it was $1200 for 3 of us ( about   100). There were many hallowe'en activities going on as it's October. The hallowe'en parade was fun to watch and many of the rides had a scary theme. We had to queue for many of the rides, and some we didn't bother with if they were over 30 minutes. There was a queue for over 80 minutes on one Hallowe'en attraction and it only got down to 50 minutes despite us going back a few times. The Space Mountain ride had a queue of about 10 minutes, but was described by my 9 year old as lame. It's a ride mostly in the dark spiralling down and round,Their favourite ride was the Grizzly Gulch mine ride. I screamed, they didn't!The fireworks were well worth staying around for and the park was very pretty all lit up at night. The food in the restaurants was ok. We ate in the banqueting hall in Fantasyland and had fish burgers, but there are so many restaurants to choose from and although busy at 6pm when we had passed earlier on they weren't.All in all a fun day out. Lots of smiles and laughter and a pleasant place to be.
Disappointing. One expects more from Disney.  The whole experience was underwhelming. Terrible food, boring attractions and rides that belong to a travelling carnival. We left feeling happier that it was behind us. Ocean Park is infinitely better.
Stay at one of the Disneyland hotels, especially if you have small children. This is not as big as LA Disneyland but it is still loads of fun. Maybe we were just lucky but we hardly had to queue for anything. The heat can make it tough but my kids powered through 10 hours straight, finishing with the fireworks which were amazing. We were very grateful to be able to jump on a bus and get back to our cool, comfortable hotel room nearby. We went back for another 5 hours the following day. The two day pass is great value! Take lots of sunscreen, hats, sunglasses and keep well hydrated. Pop into the shops for air conditioned relief. We spent three days, two nights at the hotel with one day just swimming in the hotel pool. If you want a photo with a character be prepared to queue   much different to our LA experience where we got loads of pics with characters. I'm afraid it's true...it really is the happiest place on earth, especially for kids and to see them smile that much makes you happy too.
My hubby and I visited Disneyland Hong Kong some 4 years ago and we were back with our two kids (4 and 6 YO) last Wed.We were staying at The Disneyland Hotel so it was very convenient for us. We reached the hotel in the morning and dropped off our baggage with the hotel and took the complimentary shuttle service to the park, so we had a whole day spent in the park.We were blessed with good weather that day, it was sunny but not hot and humid like Singapore, we were able to explore the park rather comfortably. We didn't have to rush for the rides because most of the attractions did not have long queue, we waited an average of 10 minutes for each attractions. We even have time to sit down and watch the parade.There are new attractions since our last visit. The Toy Story Land is good. We went for the Parachute Drop which looked quite menacing, but my 4 YO son was thoroughly thrilled with the ride! My husband also got his heart pumped at the RC Racer   a U shaped roller coaster that zoom up to 27m height vertically. Then there is the Mystic Manor at Mystic Point where my son covered his eyes with his cap throughout the ride and later he told me he had never been so scared before. At first, my daughter (6 YO) was unwilling to try the Runaway Mine Car at Grizzly Gulch, but after much persuading from my husband, she decided to fearless and challenge herself. She almost wanted to back down just before boarding the ride.I saw many people standing in long lines just to take photo with the mascots and casts, but we didn't, because we rather spend the time going for the rides. The food in Disneyland was nothing great, like all food in theme parks, they are expensive and taste so so.Lastly, the 15 minutes fireworks before the closing of the park is something not to be missed. And my kids truly felt that they had a magical day in Disneyland with fireworks as the finale!
In October the Park is open at night for Halloween Festivities, they have a special parade and most of the attractions were open.Was good for us as a couple to go too as the park was a bit quieter and no queues for any of the rides :)
  a lovely and magical place, but the weather was sooo hot. However, didn't stop us from visiting each and every parks in it  my first Disneyland experience, so I don't know how to compare with the other Disneylands   the staffs there are nice and polite
Nice, pleasant and worth time spending for enjoyment with all facilities and avenue for amusement food and paying games by family and kids. Nice place to have full of enjoyment through out the day of visit with family & friends
So much to do and see. You need a whole day to take it all in. Would recommend booking a tour through your hotel
Beautiful and magical..this was the highlight of our HK holiday especially for my 4 year old daughter. The meet and greet was a dream like experience for her. She was amazed with the princesses and had a lovely talk with them. Fortunately, the queues were not very long. This place is not just for the young kids but also for the young at heart like me..
I have just returned from a great 4 day stay at the Hong Kong disney land hotel.A bit expensive but well worth it Went with my wife,daughter and 5 year old grandson.He actually had his fifth birthday at the hotel and the staff gave him a royal time.Disneyland itself is a lot smaller than the one in USA but is easy to get around for older and younger .If you allow two full days in the park it is better because you do not have to rush.Not many queues and no pushing.Did not have any trouble getting water in at the gate and there are plenty of taps to refill your bottles.All in all a great trip.Barrie Clarke
Of all the Disney parks, this one is the easiest to get on all of the rides you want. The first time I went to this park, I was disappointed at how small it was and how quickly you can do everything in a few hours. (What else is there to do?!?)With the addition of Grizzly Gulch, Toy Story Land, and especially Mystic Manor, it made it worth a second visit. Mystic Manor was my favorite! It is quite a ride to experience. Although it may be a Haunted Mansion type of ride, there is nothing scary about it. A very charming experience.The fireworks show is a bit on the short side but, since so few people were there on a weekday, it was easy to find a good spot. The park is still very lightly attended unlike Disneyland Tokyo & Disney Sea which never have lightly attended days. It's a great aside when visiting Hong Kong and worth a visit if you like Disney.
Although it's not as grand as the one in US, it has pretty much everything that is suitable and interesting for the kids. However, if you are looking for thrill rides, you'll be disappointed.The only ride I enjoyed was the space coaster; everything else was pretty much for kids.
It is much smaller than I expected however it was good enough for a 1 day pass. Fun for the whole family esp the younger ones. Shopping was pretty good. Prices were reasonable. Food was not a problem and was quite good too. Loved the fireworks. Should bring the whole family especially if you have not been to any Disneyland. It is worth it.
I loved HK Disneyland. It's as big as other Disneylands Worlds but a perfect size to be able to fit it all in.The ticket was $450 which may be pricey for some but I thought it was great value because in that is a parade, amazing firework display and The Lion King live show which I would of happily paid for. There were no big rides there but I really enjoyed all of them. I am 25 and my partner is 27 and we just got into the spirit of things and had a great time. I thought the food and drink was going to be alot more expensive than it was. I would say it as pretty reasonable for a theme park aswell as the gift shops. All the staff were extremely helpful and friendly. There are staff who offer to take your pictures for you and give you little stickers etc as your going along. The only thing I would say is the one girl serving us when we were buying a photo print was absolutely miserable and completely Unhelpful in comparison to everyone else. Make sure you see all the display which are timetabled....you'll get way more do your money!And the last thing I must say which was so nice was that they have a special carriage on the MTR for dinseyland!! You will see :)
Considering the value of land in this tiny city of Hong Kong, I was prepared to see a miniature Disneyland. I wasn't surprised when I was actually there. I bought a three day pass for Disneyland Park in Anaheim, LA, but for this one in Hong Kong, a day pass is enough already.
Disney land Hong Kong is a little smaller compared to other Disneyland   s, but you can still spend a nice day and enjoy the rides, and fireworks at 9:00 pm every night. The parade was not bad, but the place looks old. It has many food options; the food is really delicious and cheap. Disney land Hong Kong has lots of attractions for kids as well as adults. The placed was very organized, but really crowded, that you could not even have a chance to go on rides. The place is better at night and a lot quieter. Bathrooms are always crowded; you need to wait over 8 minutes to get in. I stayed in Hong Kong and went all the way to Disneyland, which was about 50 minutes away; there is a hotel there, which can be easier to stay than drive from Hong Kong, because you need more than 3 hours to stay at the place and experience the fun. But overall, the place is really nice and kids could have a lot of fun there.
Disneyland is Disneyland!! If you have children twelve and under, you will be living vicariously through them the whole day and having an absolute ball!!!If you have older children or aren't bringing kids at all, there are plenty of other things to do in Hong Kong that cost less and are more exciting. There are no really fast or extreme rides to be had, the live shows to be seen are at least partly pre recorded (the singing at least in most cases is pre done), and everything is presented in that overly bright, overly happy manner that your average 6 yr old finds super appealing. Also be aware that in poor weather ( or for whatever reason the park deems necessary) rides and attractions may be shut down at any time without notice or refund. So at least check the weather forecast before you go there.Tips for bringing the kids...... The train is the cheapest and easiest way to get to and from Disneyland from most of Hong Kong. Before you line up at the gate for admission, get the kids to use the bathrooms beforehand to avoid losing your place in the queue. Lines can be long and we waited 35 mins to get in with our pre bought tickets. Don't bother packing food or drinks for your kids. Every bag is searched on the way in and all consumables are confiscated. You will have to buy it in the park. You can get a pass out to leave the park, but there are no caf  s or food kiosks nearby outside. I think baby formula was the only exception allowed in   not even sealed bottled water made it past security. Take your own pram stroller. Hiring one there will dent your wallet. Severely. Asian countries are renown for their bargain prices and cheap, delicious food. You will not find anything that meets this criteria in Disneyland. Food kiosks are your cheapest option, with meal drink package deals, ( usually involving hot chips and post mix soft drink) but you will be sitting at an outside table in the heat and humidity. Go early for lunch as these tables fill up fast and often one wearied parent will sit at one after eating while the other parent takes the kids on the rides, then they'll swap table minding duty some time later. So by 1.30pm, tables are often hard to come by. Cafe's are more expensive, but have the bonus of aircon. There is usually a line up to get in over lunch, so plan those pre queue toilet trips first!! Expect to pay around $US60 for a kiosk lunch for four, and about $US90 for a cafe lunch with drinks. If you want to see the parade, stake out your spot early otherwise be prepared to hoist your kids onto your shoulders in order to be able to see. Even though the parade route is pretty long, the crowds gather quickly and it makes it hard for the little ones to see. Also keep a hold of your kids. A couple of times the parade had to come to a screeching halt as toddlers broke free and dashed in front of moving floats, excited to see their favourite characters. They didn't seem to stop for the older kids   one of the people marching would usually break out of line and escort those kids to the side. Souvenirs are expensive. The souvenir stores are set up so you are guided out of each exit from each show ride through them   just when your little ones are at their most excited having experience something cool. If you are on a bit of a budget, take them to the shop located at the Fantasia show exit. They seemed to have a lot of discounted merchandise in there   like a bit of a clearance sale for items that were being phased out. T shirts were about 1 3 the price of the main stores when I was there. They also had toys, bags, cups etc at about half the price. Your other options are to buy at the Disneyland Store in Hong Kong Airport duty free as you leave the country, or to attack some of the markets for Disney branded things if you   the kids are willing to settle for that. if the queues for the rides are long ( more than 20mins), try some of the rides in parts of the park that opened earlier on in the day ( Disneyland opens in sections). Everyone seems to rush the part that has just opened and forget the part that has been open an hour already. Paracetamol and comfortable shoes are allowed inside Disneyland. I suggest you bring both.Having gone through the caveats, Disneyland is a fantastic place when you take younger kids  their excitement is infectious and if you were denied the chance to go to Disneyland as a child, there is something very satisfying about taking your own kids there. But if you don't have the kids to bring that excitement to the experience, everyone else's over excited kids will probably drive you up the wall, as will the prices and the lack of 'adult' rides and things to do.
I grew up in California near the original Disneyland and was excited to visit Disneyland Hong Kong. When we arrived, it was as expected; typical Disney with the beautiful entry leading up to the entrance. Once we got inside, it reminded me of Disneyland California. The layout was exact. However, once we began to roam around, we realized it was missing quite a few things the Disneyland has in California and was a much smaller park. At any rate, the park is a fun place if you have kids as most of the rides are geared towards the younger children and not much for adults to do. However, it's still Disneyland, and you gotta go just so that you can say you've been there :)If in town for a few days, Disneyland is a good choice for 1 day of fun.
Grandchildren aren't the only ones to enjoy this wonderland! With all the Disney characters and sights, rides and fun attractions you can imagine one day's visit is not enough. We visited with our grandchildren and their parents and had a fantastic fun filled two days. A dream trip come true for the kids also provided fun and excitement for us big kids! When we weren't on the rides, souvenir shopping, eating and drinking at the many restaurants filled two days at this wonderland. Highly recommended with a return visit highly likely!
Spent about a day in Disneyland and it's really enjoyable! Lots of photos to be taken. But due to its popularity, might have long queues for certain hot spots.
It was really a place where kids and kids by heart will surely have fun!When I went here, it was unusually sunny. I got tanned but I don't mind it since the rides are awesome. I like how they have estimated waiting time for each rides they have there. I also encountered some mascots which I believe would give excitement to kids. :)
Good whole day of fun, my 5,6 yr old daughters love it, lots of nice pictures with the colorful characters and structures
The parade was not good, everything was old and falling apart.  Costumes were old and ratty as well.  It's really just for the children because I guess they wouldn't notice these things.
The Good  )~Exact replica of the original Disneyland in Anaheim~Big land size, has enough attractions to last you 7 hours( given u spend 1 hour for each of the 7 lands)~Merchandise is exclusive to the HongKong market~Many food options, even Halal is offered!~Foreigners have subtitles shown for some live showsThe Bad  (~The queues for each attraction is what really pissed me off, I find it offensive that the people are rude & very bad mannered during the indoor & outdoor queues.~Not only do u have to deal with long queues during peak hours, the amount of noise caused while standing in the queue is enough to give me a CONCUSSION!~Merchandise compared to Tokyo Disneyland is INFERIOR, I remembered the tokyo park is selling disney products with nicer & fancier designs compared to the ones offered (at October 2013) at the HK park :(~F&B THROUGHOUT THE PARK IS OVER PRICED!!! Take for example eating a bowl of Beef & Rice@ the Chopin outlet: The beef tasted like it was just taken out of the freezer & the gravy mixed with the rice was unappetizing!!! This is a RIP OFF !!!~Disney has a strict cut off time for its live shows, take for example the  Golden Mickeys Show , no one is allowed admittance to join the queue 30 minutes before the show starts, simply because 45 minutes before the show begins, the crowd@ the waiting area has already exceeded the number of seats in the theatre, so be prepared to get turned away if u arrive less than 30 minutes before SHOW TIME.~As I walked throughout the walk, there were very little disney characters present,even if u saw one...be prepared for a long queue just to take picture with the mascot!My Tip for future visits:~The parade, though short with only (i think) 9 floats,is impressive & will definitely take any kid's breath away!So don't be like me to sit down@ the park bench to rest my aching knees...Go & queue up along the parade line route!!! You'll be glad u did that!!!
Before going to Disneyland Hong Kong, I already read the tripadvisor reviews. We decided to visit the park, as we were in Hong Komg anyway. I didn't expect it to be as nice as the ones in the US or Tokyo but I was hoping that we would at least see a few Disney characters walking around during the October holiday. We only saw Mickey and Minnie at the entrance for taking pictures. That required waiting in line for a while but the line was closed already and we were told to try another place. We only saw the characters during the Fanasy parade. The only character walking around was Jack from Pirates if the Caribean. There are many shops you can go shopping at. No characters on Main Street but they had tons of shops.Our daughter is 20months old. We only went on one ride,  it's a small world  ride. It was very nice and she loved it. We did it twice. We saw three different shows:   The 3D Mickey show was fun with air, water and fragrance effects but the graphics were quite old and not very clear. My daughter didnt wear the 3D glasses but still enjoyed it very much.   The Golden Mickeys was all right.  Festival of the Lion King was very much fun for my daughter. Majority of people were from China. Most people behaved well but a few did try to cut the line. It was fun for my daughter the very first time. But I was disappointed that she could meet any characters up close.Tips: bring your own umbrella when it's hot. We spend about 180HKD on one.
dreamland.  tiring but worth it.  the experience one of the bestest gifts we can give our kids.  happiest place to be but, be ready to get surrounded by rude people.  anyway, don;t allow them to ruin your holiday.  have fun fun fun here.
Not even close to the Disneyland in California. The food was horrible and expensive. This is a franchise, so should they have the same food as in Disneyland California?! What happened to the caramel apples, american hotdogs and burgers! How are you supposed to feel the disney spirit without those things? I had their version of a burger and it was down right sad. What a shame, I really wanted to like it but it just wasn't worth my time. There is hardly any attractions or rides. To those who plan to go, skip it and go to Ocean Park!!! There's so much more to do.
Disneyland is expensive and way over rated .Gold reef city compares very good with Disneyland and even some of the rides are better than the ones in the parkTo get to meet some of the caracters you must stand in que's for hours on end This is not at all as glamourous as it sounds
This was a great day the park is great for all ages. I had the best time riding the rides and seeing the attractions. The kids had a great time also. I suggest if you can go and see for an unforgettable day.
Unlike Ocean park which only offer discounts to HK senior citizens, Disneyland offers discounts to senior citizens regardless of nationality aged 65 and above. A standard adult ticket is priced at HKD4500 while the seniors ticket is only HKD100. This is my second visit to the Disneyland Hong Kong   2009 is my first visit and many new attractions have been added into the theme park.Again, due to time constraint, I had to be very selective on the rides and here are some of the rides that me and parents went through:Adventureland  Jungle Rivercruise (Quite an interesting tour along the river with animations and sound effects along the way, choose between Chinese, Cantonese or English speaking tour guide   the queue for English is always the shortest, in 2009 it was the shortest, and in 2013, it is still the shortest queue among all other languages)Toy Story Land  RC Racer (OMG   when you reached the peak and the plunging down feeling is simply breath taking)  Slinky Dog Spin (too slow to be exciting, the Rev Booster in Ocean Park is more thrilling)Mystic Point (the latest attraction in Disneyland HK which was opened in 2013)  Mystic Manor (do not miss this mystical adventure in a carriage that can hold 6 passengers   very brilliantly planned and executed)Grizzly Gulch  Runaway mine car (this roller coaster is not too fast, that I could hold my video camera and still take some videos, however at some point, the car will move backwards)FantasylandWe did not spend any time at this area as the queues are super long   possibly due to the fact that the attractions here are more suitable for the young children   however back in 2009, I managed to hop on to the It's a Small World rideTomorrowland  Space Mountain (I would say this is the most exciting ride of all   my mum backed out just before our turn while my dad came out feeling dizzy after the ride. As there is not much lighting, you can never anticipate what's coming next   sharp turns, uphill and downhill, etc)  Stitch Encounter (an interactive video session, good for the young children   again this attraction is conducted in different languages, Chinese English and Cantonese)Main Street USA  Flights of Fantasy   our trip to Disneyland ends with the parade which was not available when I visited in 2009, I still remembered in 2009 I watched High School Musical Parade instead (do bring your child to the Art of Animation   I have been to this gallery in 2009 but decided to skip that as my parents were tired)TIPS: Buy your tickets online or from kiosks at Central MTR Station or any K store convenient stores to avoid the queueHow to get there:Take an MTR to Sunny Bay Station (Tung Chung line)   then change train and take to Disneyland Resort Station
We went to Disney today making this the 4th Disneyland we have been to in the world; (only Tokyo Disney we haven't done). We took the MTR from Kowloon costing $41 one way for 2 people. It took around 30 mins and you have to change at Sunny Bay to catch the specific Disney train. The train is awesome, it's themed like everything Disney, with comfy seats and it gets you in that magic Disney mood. The ride is quite short, 5mins before disembarking at the station and walking under the  Welcome to Hong Kong Disneyland  sign. $900 for 2 people to get in. The park is set out like any other Magic Kingdom park, Main St USA leading up to the castle and then lands running off from the castle. The castle is small, in fact Space Mountain is taller. On the day we visited it was reasonably quiet. Having read other reviews I will agree that it is a small park. We managed to ride everything, some rides 5 times, 1 4 times and a few others 3 times. We were hanging around waiting for the fireworks but if we didn't want to see them we would have done all the rides in about 3 hours due to how big or small it is and how quiet it was. We attached the show at half 3 which was good and then the fireworks at 8. The rides were good and different to rides at other Disney parks which is also good. The fireworks, however, are not that good.If you have been lucky enough to have been to Orlando Disney and watched the Wishes show then these fireworks do not compare at all. The show is less than 15mins and there's not a lot. The Florida park is so much better. That said, if the Hong Kong park is the only one you have been too then the fireworks are good. If you've seen other shows at other Disney parks then is not that good in comparison.All in all though it's still a great Disney park with good rides, small enough to do in a day and good souvenir shops and restaurants. Also the shows like Mickey's Philharmagic show, the parade and fireworks show are all in English. Well worth a visit will any trip to Hong Kong
Wow ... Fun lots to see and lots of people. The train ride was fun and interesting seating and handrail.
Nice park with few rides but just right size for a day! It is small as compared to other theme parks in China but Disney theme makes it special. Lot of attractions for kids as well as adults. Pictures with all disney characters, Live shows, International food was the plus points. Only 1 choice for vegetarian food. There is 1 place that serves Veg set meals. Nice fire show at 8pm everyday.
I had fun on rides and interacting with Mickey and Minnie...the parade I also enjoy and I hope to bring my kids over the next time.  I suggest come in early so you can explore!!!!!!!!!!!!
We booked this visit to conclude a trip to China. First mistake, we went to Disneyland in California last year! This place is geared to the Asian market. Looks like Disneyland, smells like Hong Kong, complete with crowds and throngs of kids. If you are looking for a taste of Disney as an adult it ain't here!
If you are short on time and don't mind seeing less attractions then Disneyland Hong Kong is for you. Unfortunately we had comparisons from other Disney parks and we were disappointed.
This is a must go if you have young children. Although small compared to other Disneyland all over the world, it was enough to keep us entertained for a full 12 hours! Rides were very colourful and interesting. We watched the Halloween parade which was different from the normal street parade. Try to go on a weekday non holiday or be prepared for long queues under the sun for rides. Do stay till the end for the fireworks display. Really beautiful!
This is the third of the Disney parks we have visited. It seemed smaller but was still good. One day was sufficient to do the whole park at a steady pace. As usual it was spotlessly clean. Queues were not excessive although we had been warned off going during  Golden Week . A pleasnt experience.
Hong Kong Disneyland is well known small. The walkways to the rides and attractions were narrow, incomparable to Disneyland in Anaheim. We also had learnt a lesson, in future when planning to go to Disneyland in any months, we will make sure to check the China Holiday Calendar of the public holidays and school holidays. This is to avoid    human traffics    in the park. We were there in end of August. It was the last week of the 2 months school lterm break in China. We do not feel we were in Hong Kong, instead we felt we were in China.The small park and the term break in China, had flooded Disneyland on weekday. Adding to that.. it was summer season in Hong Kong. The queues were long on all rides, even the picture taking with the Disney characters. The waiting time for rides from an hour to an hour half. We only managed to take 3 rides and 1 show in our 6 hours time there. Very long queue had to stand under the blazing hot sun and sweat. Visit Disneyland when it is study term in china and also to avoid weekends!
We went to HK Disneyland thinking it would be like California's Disneyland but boy were we disappointed. Less rides and my four kids didn't have much fun. Our youngest is 9 and everything there was more for younger kids. There was a few rides that they enjoyed that weren't meant for toddlers. We had paid for the Vip treatment front of the line and a hostesses. Again I thought it would be like California with the huge line ups, many attractions and rides. Our hosts were great but I wasted my money with the VIP package wasn't needed. We went early and there wasn't any lines up at all. In two hours we had finished the park and the kids wanted to leave. Honestly they thought it was boring. They had such a great time at Ocean park instead.
fantastic Disney experience in the middle of Hong Kong.Even the special Disney train ride  from the Sunny Bay MTR station is a perfect start to the experience. A very clean attraction and everything I expected it to be.
Having heard numerous negative comments about the small size of Hong Kong Disney, I must say I was pleasantly surprised with the park and managed to pack 2 fun filled days in. I travelled with my 11 year old daughter who begged me to go on the rides. We went on a Tuesday after the threat of Typhoon Usagi and on most rides there were no queues whatsoever. I think the longest we had to wait was 15 minutes which was fine. The rides were enjoyable (albeit very short) and we managed to go on everything we wanted at least 2 to 3 times. The parade was great as were the fireworks. We took a bottle of water into the park and just kept on filling it up as there are water stations dotted everywhere around the park. There are gift shops aplenty as you would expect but I don't think they were overly priced as I was led to believe. Also we enjoyed 2 meals whilst at the park and found these to be just a little pricier than average but still ok. We ate at the corner caf   and enjoyed a fantastic icecream sundae complete with caramel popcorn, marshmellows and cream. For dinner we enjoyed the pork ribs (highly recommend). All in all a very well run park with lots to do and see. A magical place for the kids.
After reading reviews on here I was aware that this Disney is small, and I can only agree.We arrived late afternoon just in time for the tiny parade, did a few rides, had dinner, did a few more rides, watched the fireworks and went home all in the space of 5 hours. You could absolutely spend the day there if it was busy and you wanted to do Every ride, but you would really need to drag it out.Food options are also fairly limited, with nowhere near as many cart vendors as Tokyo Disney. Also we had to fight for a seat at the bakery eatery which was a problem. Still, if you are in the area you shouldn't miss it. The park is easy to get too and still offers the Disney magic to warm your heart.Make sure you plan your day so you are there for the fireworks. The rides had no lines in the hour leading up to closing time. Oh, and the park closes pretty early, so check the website for info.
i don't like the attitude of other natives who are also visiting the park when we did, they cut our line (this happened not only once), they talk very loud even though they are just talking face to face. and the weather when we visited there was extremely hot, you can feel the heat on the ground, but over all was okay, i recommend you guys to go there on winter rather than summer season.
My first time to H K Disneyland, its quiet small but its a Disneyland, the small world ride is unlike the other Disney, and the jungle river cruise is unique & one of a kind. And drive to the future aboard a all electric cars in Autopia. simply a small happiest place in Hong Kong at baby disneyland
Everyone loves Disneyland but HK Disneyland is quiet small and really only caters for younger children  13 years. Very clean, great gift shops. Loved the Disney train.
It is really a fun place for people of all ages. The kid inside me enjoyed all rides, shows and parades. Just don't forget to put on lots of sunscreen so you won't end up with a bad sunburn like mine.
Simply the happiest place in the world,. They have new attractions and the shows are great! Since this is my second visit here, probably ill try other Disneyland for comparison.
Standard Disney fare... Be prepared to walk miles and miles  and wait in cues for rides.   Worth the experience. Honestly though, I'm reminded how commercialism has taken its toll... For kids, still fun. Been there done that won't go again.
We went as a family Mum, Dad daughter and two grandparents. We laughed all day, the entertainment such as the parade and fireworks were spectacular. The rides were enjoyed by all, especially, Mystic Manor, the orbiter, on space mountain and the mine ride. The meal we had was excellent and if I could fault one thing it was a shortage of water fountains as it was an extremely hot day. It was professional, friendly and had something for everyone. We will be going back again this week as we had a ball.
Disney land is sure a thrill for kids and teens but adults alone you may have to rediscover the child in you.... The property is vast and one day of walking through the park is required to cover all the attractions and many rides of interest for adults have a declared waiting period of 60 minutes... So reach the park early and in sunny weather can be tiring also..... The Firework show at 7:30 pm should never be missed.....
This place ticks all the disney boxes. Clean, well thought out attractions, entertaining for all ages and it's mid afternoon parade is fantastic (try getting the song out of your head afterwards!). With the new additions of toy story land and grizzly gulch, this place has some more thrill rides than it would have previously.... Although it could still do with a few more. The prices of food and drinks within the park are actually reasonable compared to other disneylands. I saw the lion king production and it was a complete knock out and totally first rate, highly recommend. My tip for the day: Buy your return ticket for the metro before you enter the park. The que was horrendous after the fireworks, as could be expected. Fabulous!
My first ever Disneyland so my expectations were not set high. So of course I am not disappointed. Had a great time here. Prices of the food can be a tad pricey though
I felt I needed a reward for being such a hard worker all year. My choice is HK Disneyland. I wasn't disappointed. Though I would consider myself as too old to go to a theme park, you have to make excuses for going to Disneyland. All the staff members are courteous and open to taking your photographs, there were rides for all ages. My favorite is the 3D show where actual water rained on the audience while Mickey Mouse and company were experiencing flood. Oh, and Tarzan's lair is a must stop.
Was in Hongkong from 11 15 September 2013. We went there on the 14 Sep and arrived there at around 1.30pm.Weather was very warm so don't fget to bring umbrella, wear thin layer clothing, sunglasses, cap or hat that has wide coverage and don't forget sunblock. I would encourage everyone who wants to go there must take the MTR or vice versa. Its because the MTR will stop at its own Disney Resort Station. Super convenient. The train has Disney character design inside and outside. Beautiful. We bought our tickets at the Official Hongkong Disney retail outlet at Hongkong Airport in Terminal 2.Even though we were there during during September school holidays, there were quite a long queue at most rides, so the next time we are there, we must book a two day ticket. I strongly encourage this. And do remember by 7pm get ready to find the best spot to witness the most electrifying fireworks I've ever witness. It lasted around 30 minutes and started at around 7. 30pm.Best location is along MAIN Street USAand stay close to the Castle. There's 2 Halal joints inside Disneyland. One is at AdventureLand called Tahitian Terrace and one more at Mystic Point called Explorer's Club Restaurant. That's all for now. Happy Holiday Everyone!!
Everything looks very old... have a game (cars) that was discontinued years ago from Orlando... good choice to spend a day if you dont have anything else to do in Hong Kong.
I think this is one of the best disneyland in the world. The place itself not far from central hongkong and really accessible by bus from central terminal. But in a crowd day, we must queque long time to return. Also the price of ticket, souvenirs, meal are acceptable. In one complex with disney hotel. You should try subway disney line for your memorable moment.
When I was small I always dreamed to go to Disneyland. Finally tada!!! Here I was (nvm even though in HK lol). The very reason I wanted to go to Disneyland was to have a picture taken with Donald Duck who's always been my childhood favorite. Sadly the queue was the longest even we went there on Tuesday, but luckily I managed to get my photo taken with lame Mickey & Miney. Well to me the park is not too big which makes it possible to get around in a day, it   s a good thing though as you don   t have to walk so far from every spots like some other park. I can say it is the most affordable Disneyland for us in Asia. For about 55USD, you can spend the whole day in Disneyland for unlimited rides and activities until the firework displays at night.
This is the fourth time I brought my family here. To enjoy a 5 star experience you must stay at either the Hollywood or more expensive Disney hotel for 2 nights because there is so much for kids below 12 to enjoy. You must also register with the hotel to have breakfast with Mickey and friends. Everything is not cheap but my 2 girls love every moment spent in this place. Don't forget to book the kids stroller at the hotel itself unless you are superfit.
Went here with my family for my birthday. Got a whole day pass from our travel agent so after coming down from the bus it was pretty much smooth sailing going in to the amusement park. There were a lot of people but not overly crowded since we went on a weekday. As with all amusement parks expect a lot of walking. Strollers and wheel chairs are available for rent at the fire station at the start of Main street. The rides   Since we had a 3 year old and 2 year old with us we could not go on all the rides due to height restrictions but we were able to ride the Winnie the Pooh, Autopia, Buzz Lightyear, Mystic Mansion, Jungle River Cruise, Tea cups, got to watch the Golden Mickey's show unfortunately it was in Chinese so the kids kinda didn't enjoy it as much. The waiting time wasn't that bad the worst was Autopia at 30 mins waiting but my son loves cars and it was his chance to drive his own car. Other rides only took 10 to 5 mins waiting time.The rides the kids could not go on was Space mountain, the RC racer, Parachute drop and Grizzly Gulch roller coaster. I felt the rides were too short as well I'm not sure if its just me but I felt that the rides in Florida were longer by a few minutes. So after the ride I always felt like is that it ? It's over ? But If you feel the need to go again you can always queue up as long as the wait time isn't long. The best for me was Mystic Mountain just like being in a Disney movie. What I noticed is you ride around in carriages carried by robots (no joke) I noticed that there were no tracks on the ground and carriages zip around in the mansion moving you around in perfect timing and unison like a technological ballet during the ride. Truly amazing.Park size  I've been to Disneyland Florida and I have to say when it comes to Disneyland size does not matter. Actually it was better smaller because you walked less and had more time going around the park. Not to mention the queueing and eating which will eat up your time as well. We were on the move literally from the time the park opened till it closed and still 1 day was not enough for us. There was a lot of shade and seating too compared to the ones in Florida.Food  It's expensive as expected but not too bad. It's a good idea to bring your own water with you since it too can be expensive inside the park. There are water fountains around the park so you could refill your bottles but since we had kids I did not want to risk drinking from the water fountains. 4 good sized bottles would be enough. My daughter is crazy about princesses so the best place to eat would be the royal banquet hall just like eating in a castle ballroom. Also the best choices since you can get Japanese, American steaks and burgers and Asian cuisine in this one restaurant. All the restaurants have their own theme and touch. The snacks available outside was pretty good as well although the turkey legs were smaller than the ones being served in Florida but was priced pretty much the same so I decided not to buy. The Parade   the parade is only at 3:00 pm so make sure not to miss it also be strategic where you stay along the parade route. The parade starts off from Space Mountain and makes a first stop near the castle. The parade is long as it takes up the the street from the castle to Space Mountain. They do a little presentation and ask the kids to participate. Unfortunately the Lilo and Stitch float was the one that stopped in front of us so make sure to ask the park staff for help if your kid has a preference. So my wife and daughter had to make a dash for main street following the parade where they made a second stop and she was able to watch the princess float again and participate. Fireworks and closing time   Around an hour before closing they already closed the attractions behind the castle so to move all the guests to the front of the castle to watch the fireworks display. Since the fireworks do fire really close the castle it has to be clear from people. You can still grab a quick bite from the Maxims restaurant, Main Street Corner Cafe and Tomorrow land. After the show wait for the crowd to move out it shouldn't take more than 5 minutes they you can stroll out rather leisurely. The crowd   Well it does get bad at times for some reason queueing brings about the bad in people here in Asia (not making any assumptions just my observation) and it was not a matter of race either. We had some bad experiences with a Russian as well as a Chinese citizen. I guess people in the western hemisphere are more inclined to queue properly. But just let it roll off your shoulders because it's not worth getting worked up and ruining your experience not to mention your kids experience. The staff is on hand to put them in their proper place just call their attention to the matter. The overhead announcements also make sure to tell people to to cut the line and to leave enough space between each other for better ventilation.Word of advice. Don't feed the birds. They are overly friendly and it can be cute but avian flu is taken very seriously here in Hong Kong. Even from the airport you are advised not to come into contact with birds so don't feed the birds or else you will get swamped by them and possibly catch something not to mention invoke the ire of the park staff.
We were here during July mid and it was bit hot and humid but the rides were good. My kids enjoyed a lot. The Grizzly Gulch and Jungle river Cruise was excellent, and to say do not miss Mystic Manor and Mickeys Philhar Magic. Do not waste time with Winnie the Pooh. But not the least Festival of the Lion King and The Golden Mickeys was out of the world. Worst thing was we missed the fireworks due to heavy Rains,Good Luck and have a nice trip.
People here were much better behaved than ocean park. The food was junk but very well priced for a theme park. Watch out for low fans, a Russian kid got hurt when his dad decided to lift him onto his shoulders and his head hit a fan. A goodDay out in general.
My companions and I paid 450 HK dollars each, the cost was high so I thought that it must be really good. When we entered the HK Disneyland, the place was really very nice and it took us one day to tour the place and enjoy the shows, the facilities and the rides. We took pictures everywhere as every corner looked very attractive. Then we waited for the fireworks which started at 8PM. Wow!! I'd seen fireworks before but not as fantastic and awesome as in HK Disneyland. I could say that the money we spent to see HK Disneyland was worth it. It was so fantastic that HK Disneyland's a fantasy land indeed!
We have been to Tokyo and California Disneyland but yet we still had great fun in HK Disneyland. It's fun and amazing place for both kids & adults. We love all the rides and shows in the park. Fantastic!!!We would not want to left until the end of 'Disney in the star' fireworks. We enjoyed our visit very much. We are looking forward for another visit to Disneyland at all over the world...Dream on...
Even thought the Ticket was so expensive for one person ,, I wished if they add more fun games that suits all people ,, overall it was much fun walking around and it was a different experience, for me .. love it .. advice you to visit ^^
From the morning that day raining,we are in tension shall we enjoy in Disneyland by paying 80 USD Slowly we forget every thing we are in the mood of Disney like children. How many shows...?Every one theme had own speciality we can't say this one is good this one not good, but 3D show is extreme it's very attractive and Boat Tour also. Marvelous settings & beautiful Gardens.Lunch is not much good (Indian style) but satisfied,first we started our Disney with Train so that we got some Knowledge i strictly suggest to tourists that you must have DISNEYLAND MAP it helps a lot8 pm Fire work starts and completed in 10 minutes.You will become a Boy or Girl in Disney
Live shows were fantastic and the many varieties of rides was great. All shows and events are included in the ticket price
Hong Kong Disneyland lives up to being the happiest place on earth! It   s my second time going there and I   m still amazed by whatever I see there. The shows are great both for kids and kids at heart! The Lion King show was most memorable it   s like seeing them alive, the production was really great. I actually went to see all the shows and enjoyed it very much (Tarzan was so handsome) since on my first time I went to all the rides. Last time I went was during Halloween season so there were two parades the Flights of Fantasy where you could see your favorite Disney stars and during the evening there was a Halloween themed parade! I highly recommend that visitors must wait until closing to see the fireworks display to top every wonderful thing that happened during your day at Hong Kong Disneyland.There are souvenir shops, food carts and friendly staff everywhere so it   s very convenient to go around the park there also a lockers and money exchange inside.Tip: Before going around    get the Park map and Schedule of shows and decide among yourselves where to go.
My wife,daughter and i bought the 2 day pass,we went on a week day easy to get to on the mtr system from mong kok station we arr around 11.00.am trip from our station app 15 minutes bought the passes straight through after bag check took our finger print for the return visit.Most rides quiet new attraction mystic manor 3out of 3 good visual and sound effects,price of food little expensive.Our 2nd trip we did the night trip what a difference the lighting of all the attractions fantastic especially the jungle cruise great boat captain JACKY,the fireworks start at 9.00 .p.m. and go for app 12mins,really coulourfull we watched from the bottom of main st to get a head start to the station,Note if going from australia try and time your trip while the schools in hong kong are in session less people and watch weather we go 1st week in september each year
It's my 2nd time in HK and was able to visit Disneyland again. My first time was back on 2008. I was surised to see the new attractions of Disneyland like Grizzly Gurch, Toy storyland and the Mystic Manor. Love these new attractions so much, making me feel like a kid again. Never forget to visit the Mystic Manor! It's actually one of my favorites. Would want ti visit other Disneyland in other countries soon!
Disneyland Hong kong is a great outing for everybody. Getting to Disneyland is easy via the MTR and highly recommend to go a little earlier and do the Gondola and big Bhudda on the same trip.Lots of rides and performances. The Lion King show was the highlight of the Disneyland and make sure you attend the show.I went there in heavy rain and nothing was impacted by the rain. All shows and rides were open. Don't rush through the park. Try and plan your visit to make the most of all the shows etc and parades.
I was having second thoughts of going to Disney as we were already planning to go to Ocean Park and Disney was much more expensive. I am so glad we still went! We got there via the MTR and the dedicated train to Disney from Sunny Bay was so cute   with the Disney windows, handholds and cushioned seats. We bought our tickets the day before from the Admiralty MRT station (where we got a discount of HK$20 each and a free usb speaker and a limited edition umbrella   great deal!) so we had a hassle free entrance to Disneyland :) When we arrived, we noted that Space Mountain was closed due to Halloween preparations and the park looked like it was gearing up for Halloween. There are so many places to visit inside and all of them well thought out, convenient and entertaining. there wasn't too many people with us so we were able to go on the rides with minimum waiting time (longest wait was around 10 minutes for the Winnie the Pooh Ride). There was a lot of seating areas, shaded areas, water play and misting areas   all with the intention to cool you off during the sunny day. as i said, we highly appreciated the fact that they thought of this! All the staff were friendly, helpful and happy   which makes the visit so much better.Here are our favorite rides and attraction: Festival of the Lion King (great show reenacting the Lion King   not to be missed!), Golden Mickeys (another great show featuring our favorite Disney songs and characters), Mystic Manor (cool concept!), Runaway Mine Car in Grizzly Gulch (rollercoaster), Geyser Gulch (water fun!!! exploding geysers, leaking water tanks and old fashioned water gun pumps), all the rides in Toy Story Land, It's a Small World (cute ride, great for all ages), Buzz Lightyear's Astro Blazers (like being inside a video game!), the Jungle River Cruise, Liki Tikis (more water play) and of course   the AMAZING fireworks display at the Main Street USA. There are so many other street entertainment and shows around that you will not get bored. Food in Disney is expensive as expected but the servings are big so you don't feel too bad.All in all, well worth the entrance fee   do not hesitate to visit :) they said it gets more crowded on weekends, so do what we did and visit on a weekday. we will definitely come back!
We went here on a Sunday and arrived exactly during the opening time of the park. Good thing, bus and mtr are available to get here from Central area. It was truly a great family experience. my son enjoyed the rides and attractions, specially the small world attraction in which you will ride a mini boat. We left the park during closing time at around 8 or 9pm. In which fireworks display can be seen behind the Disney castle.all in all, it was a great visit in this theme park. will definitely visit this park again. especially they have new opened attractions.
Excellent for kids, my daughter enjoyed so much especially at the parade of characters and street dance.
Disneyland! as the name suggests, it's enchanted and magical. Though very tiring and at times very time consuming before you can even get to the ride you want to get in because of a long queu, it's totally worth it. Seeing your kids enjoying is truly a hearty warming experience.Till next time!
It was about 1 hour drive away from the city centre (HK) and we chose to take bus to visit there. Some of the memorable activities shows we enjoyed were: Mystic Point, Grizzly Gulch, Tarzan's tree house, 4D shows, The Broadway shows, It's a small world musical boat ride, Fireworks at the castle. Mystic Point and the fireworks at 8 PM were amazing!Since it is a day long activity, you are bound to get hungry and thirsty. Yes, they do have food stalls and eatery and they yes of course they are relatively over priced. We didn't but should have taken light snacks and a drink or two along, which I would suggest anyone who is planning to visit there. All in all it's a fun filled day both for 'child' and 'child at heart' adults :D
I grew up watching Disney's...who didn't, right? It's an awesome haven for kids, but I think we can use more thrilling rides for the adults. My favourite park is the Adventureland; great rides and fun attractions; Tarzan tree house, Jungle Cruise and Grizzly Gulch. I enjoyed the shows, theater in the wild was awesome since Lion King is my favourite Disney movie ever, so no question bout it. Mickey's Philharmagic was super cool with the 4D effect, if not 5D since your nose buds also working in this one.For halal food, head down to Tahitian Terrace, and don't be fool by the name. It served Malaysian and Singaporean dishes. Am a Malaysian and I love it!And don't forget to try the Hong Kong style tea and coffee on Main Street. Thirst quenching at its best!Here's a lil tip, when everyone went right to Tomorrowland, starts left on Adventureland...the crowd is not there yet!
I visited there along with my family in June 2013. It was a hot day. The park consists of seven themed areas: Main Street, U.S.A., Fantasyland, Adventureland, Tomorrowland, Grizzly Gulch, Mystic Point, and Toy Story Land. We found magnificent hotels, souvenir shops, a variety of quaint caf  s and international restaurants. We especially enjoyed the prade which started from one corner of the Disneyland to another corner and it was fun to see all the characters of the Disney world live.
Because want to check off on my Disney list, so i went to HKDisney , HK Disney was very small should be the smallest one , but is good for who never had the opportunity go to USA , Japan or Europe . very good for family day out park.
We went to HK Disneyland December 2012. The rides were good, mainly for young children but still a fun family day out. We have previously been to LA Disneyland and it was pretty much exactly the same, even the set up. It didn't have every  land  so to speak but it was quite unreal how similar it was. If they layer of smog was not there you would almost think you were in LA.
My wife, myself & eight year old son. We booked trip for him as we have never been to any Disney park before. Easy to get their by MTR from our hotel. Booked through mainland travel agent as a package with very reasonable 2 day pass about US$50 per person.Got a surprise when we entered the gate to find they are checking bags. As we are from States very used to bags being inspected at airports, sporting events... etc. My son has skin allergy which had flared up due to heat and perhaps his diet. My wife had specially purchased a lunch at restaurant due to his diet restrictions. Staff checking out bag informed us that they do not alloy any lunchboxes from outside. As a concerned father I protested asking to see the manager.They took us to the Guest Services counter outside the gate. The gentleman their saw my son had a skin outbreak and listened to our story. He solved the situation by taking lunch box and holding inside for pickup later inside in a guest room. They made appointment time, we picked up the food, my son finished it. Thanks for them to think of way to accommodate a sick child despite their rules & restrictions.We were able to see almost all of the attractions & rides in the park. Space Mountain was closed.   I might have the name wrong.Disney surprised me as the rides were not only fun for my son  but also for my wife & I .Mystic Mansion, parachute ride, mine car coaster  all a lot of fun.Keep in mind that Mainland tourists were fewer as their kids have started school. Still majority of visitors were from Mainland  although we met others from Singapore, Taiwan & Hong Kong.If you are carrying a big backpack like us they usually have a place right next to the ride to keep your gear. Very smart & convenient. Things to consider:1) Hot  almost all of your time outside except for a few attractions inside with cold AC like the Mystic Mansion & Stitch Encounter ( name may be wrong)   so you are walking mostly in unshaded areas or waiting in lines under fans. 2) Expensive food & drink  just like a airport or other place where they have monopoly the foods is 5  10X cost of outside. Water I recall was about 50HKG any kind of meal is 150HKG.Fill your stomach and bring refillable water bottle. They have water dispensers at near the bathrooms.3) Experience tailored for Chinese Market  Signs, announcements are geared for Chinese speakers both Mandarin ( Putonghua) & Cantonese ( Guangzhouhua) so everything will be said 3x. Some attractions with performances will only be in one of the three languages  check the specific performance time.Overall  a great experience. My son did not want to go home  but tiring due to the heat.We would visit again but only in a shoulder season to avoid the mass crowds from Mainland during PRC vacation times.
Great park with some of the old familiar rides and shows as in the States but some I've not seen before. Toy Story Land was adorable and RC Racer ride was fun. Mystic point was quite fun   more fun than The Haunted Mansion, though I also like that one. I thought that Grizzley Gulch was just the Big Thunder Railroad since it looks just the same from the outside but there is a nice surprise when you ride this roller coaster and I won't give it away. The Lion King Show just does NOT work here at all. Blah colors compared to Orlando, not nearly the same strong personalities as the actors in Orlando but really, the crowd wasn't into the show the same as at home and I suspect they are just not as familiar with the movie as we are and that's probably why it didn't work here. No summer camp theme   that wouldn't work here either. Loved the Water Works parade   great to get squirted on a hot day and I liked the other parade as well. The nighttime fireworks were really subdued from what I expected but it may have something to do with all the pollution levels there. Loved the fountain in front with Mickey surfing above the whale. He goes up and down with the water spout. didn't find too many of the Hidden Mickeys at this park. There is a subway stop for the park from Hong Kong and Kowloon islands so not a problem getting here from elsewhere in Hong Kong   it will just take a while   about 30 minutes. It only takes 2 days to see everything at a leisurely pace. Great Disney inspired jewelry in the park by a famous Hong Kong jeweler. If you have an extra day   the Great Buddha is the next subway stop from the Park.
Having been to Hong Kong before for a week I felt I had done most of the major attractions already. So when I came for a second visit I decided to try Disneyland as I hadn't been before.Not first of all being a 30 year old male I know I'm not really in the Disney target market, but I had a great time at their parks in Orlando, so was hoping for a similar experience here.I would say there is only 1 real thrill ride, which is the Runaway Mine Train. Everything else is definitely targeted at children and kids. The parade was ok, but nothing like as spectacular as the one in Orlando. Likewise the fireworks display at the end of the day was fairly average.The Lion King stage show was really good (I even went back twice) and I liked the fact you were allowed to take photos. It really felt like I was watching a show in the West End or Broadway   apart from only lasting 20 minutes!If you are an adult I'd say it's only worth a visit if you feel you've done everything else on offer in Hong Kong, but don't expect major theme park rides and roller coasters.It's easy enough to get to by public transport from the main hub of Hong Kong, but the train is not included in the admission price.Some example prices (all in Hong Kong dollars):Chocolate milkshake   $52Sweet & sour chicken with rice (evening meal)   $168Cheese Burger (lunch)   $95Coke   $26Donald Duck cuddly toy   $175
One would forget their age once they visit this theme park. Starting with the themed train ride going to the park will increase the excitement. Once you are in the facade of the park you will be welcomed by the beautiful fountain. It's a complete...More
amazing park; more than enough attarctions and characters, we enjoyed the parades, a small world cruse, tarzan river cruise;winnie hunny pot; mystic point;buzz light year; was so nice though the queues are so long; get a tour services, that way u skip queues; toy story...More
Going to HongKong... it is a must to visit Hong Kong Disneyland. This is my second time to visit Disneyland and it is a different and fun Experience still for me. We went to the NEW Attractions which is the Toy Storyland and the Grizzly...More
January 2011: As soon as you cross the gates of Disneyland, the fairytale fun starts... I went their with my family for providing my small child the opportunity to experience and enjoy the Disneyland. But, then I realized, it wasn't only for her...even we all the...More
Though I love Disney and Disneyland, it wasn't our intention to go to a park during our 4 days' time in Hong Kong, but when I saw the prices (decisively better than in Europe) we decided to try. And it was definitely worth it.   The...More
An awesome experience not only for the young but also for the young at hearts. Disneyland is a one place that one would love to visit again and again ( I know because I would love to go back there).  The shows bring back memories...More
Great place even with huge crowds. Unfortunately it rained the day we had scheduled for Disneyland so we did not get to see too much. Spent more time having an expensive leisurely lunch watching the crowds get soaked. But still a great place to visit.
It is good for small kids to use rides and see and meet Disney Characters ! Kids 10  will see no excitement in Rides as there are very few exciting rides for Young ones ! One who have visited Universal Studio will definitely feel bore...More
ITS V V BEAUTIFUL SETUP. OUT SIDE CITY. YOU NEED MINMUM 8 houres to see main evants. night crackers show one must not miss. convance is good. in side u can enter new wored from past to future. its nice.
Its a great experience for the kids. Adults accompanying the kids will not be dissapointed or bored. Only adults might not like it as much as the kids as there are very few rides for them. there are about 5 rides for the adults. They might have increased it later on. The experience is out of the world for the kids.
consists of five themed areas as  Main Street U.S.A. ,  Fantasyland ,  Adventureland ,  Tomorrowland  and  Toy Story Land . Each park have their own attractions.
Hong Kong Disneyland is an excellent place if you want to spend some quality time with your kids and enjoying some breathtaking rides, watch some beautiful shows and experience the icing on the cake with some majestic fireworks at the end of the day. For getting the best out of your visit, you should get a 2 day ticket and if possible stay at one of the two Disney properties there, though they are a bit too expensive. We had availed of the 2 day ticket and stayed in one of the Disney properties. My 9 year old son just freaked out during those 2 days. For him it was the most enjoyable holiday ever. For us the most enjoyable rides were the Grissly Gulch and Space Mountain. Apart from Disneyland, other major attractions in Hong Kong are Ocean Park, Peak, the giant Buddha, aviary and the Hong Kong harbor view.
Our plan was to see Hong Kong, Ocean Park and Hong Kong city proper. It turns out that Hong Kong Disneyland is about a half hour drive train ride from the city center. HK Disneyland is relatively close to HKG (the airport). Our 5 year old liked HK Disneyland best (the rides were her speed) and the 8 year old liked Ocean Park best (she liked the roller coasters at Ocean Park better). Both kids liked the pool best (much to our dismay, since HK Disney is pretty expensive, like all the Disney theme parks). Because HK Disneyland is relatively far away from city, if you want to go to HK Disneyland, that's really alll you end up doing. It's doable to go from your hotel at Disneyland (we stayed at the Hollywood Hotel, a very nice hotel) into Hong Kong Island or Kowloon, but to get to the attractions might take 30 minutes or an hour or more one way, depending on the time of day, and the location of the attraction. We didn't wan the wear and tear on our kids, and your teenagers might have no problem with this. Be warned that taxi fares are expensive using Disney hotels as a hub to go into HK Island on a daily basis, so plan accordingly.
I went to Hong Kong Disneyland with my brother and sister on Jan 2013. I think it was a good time to go Disneyland Hong Kong in Jan. Jan is off  peak season, not crowed , windy and won't feel not hot especially when you queuing for the show under the sun. This must be consider when you have kid and old folks. Hong Kong Disneyland is small compare with other Disneyland but , it does offer some great attractions    Space Mountain  roller coaster,  Festival of the Lion King  stage show,  Golden Mickey's  stage show,  Mickey's Philhar Magic 4D  show. Like 3 of us,we are all adults ,hence most of the games are not suitable for us. We just take photos everywhere and we felt we were back to childhood times when we saw those Cartoon characters. I suggest must watch all the shows. it's nice. I love all, the  Festival of the Lion King  and  Golden Mickey  are opera. But  Golden Mickey  only show in Cantonese (I can't remember got English subtitle on the screen not). The show i like most is the 4D show. It's amazing ! I smell the pastries smell nice. Got bubbles & water splashing around you...Its fantastic. Suggestion: We spent whole day in Disneyland.The fireworks show start at 8PM . Please don't forget to find a best place before the show start. We sat on the floor in front the Disney castle. We never watch until the show ended because we consider of the crowd .We worry about the train very crowded when the show end hence we leave on 10mins before the show ended.
Must see. We enjoyed the visit.  Wow the rides was soo good. Felt like a child again seeing the mascots
Must go during off peak season because too many tourists during peak season like school holiday. It's waste of time in queuing for photograph session with Disney icons and watching shows. No food & drink is allowed to bring to the park, they will be removed from you bag before you enter. However, water cooler is everywhere, mostly near to toilets, so no issue for looking drinking water if you are thinking to save some little money in buying drinks. There are few restaurant in the park, price is not cheap.
we ( myself and my wife) went to hong kong disneyland in september 2005 8 days after it opened and pretty much everything was already opened and complete what wasnt completed from all i could tell was the ferry and ferry terminal to take you to hong kong island. we took the underground anyway and they had special disneyland trains with mickey mouse shaped windows and brass models all over the trains( as in the photo) (which would last 2 seconds over here before there vandalised) which the trains were very good to get you in the disney mood. the price to get in was about   35 to   40 then i dont know what it is now. the place was gleaming with technology but being hong kong that is no suprise technology is everywhere. the place is much the same as disney paris with a few less rides in a lot less area( because hong kong does not have very much spare space atall) but the rides are just as good and some are a bit different like i dont remeber a winnie the pooh ride at eurodisney but they have one at hong kong.they still have all the main rides but on a smaller scale (see the photo of space mountain and the smaller castle)they still have the parade dont the main street which has all the shops down it, the place itself is a bit away from the main island and it is a full day out , i mean leave at 8.30   9am to get there for the gates to open at 10am so you can get on some of the big rides before the queue gets too big. you will need pretty much all the day till at least 5 6 pm to see everything, but with or without kids its still a great day out. you can drive there if you want its on the main road out to the airport about 4 5 miles before you get there ,you can see the signs for it when you go you cant really miss them. if there is any risk of rain do take a rain coat or something because the rain in hong kong can be very big ( ie and inch or 2 in about an hour then it stops again) we got caught at another theme park in hong kong but the place is big enough and theres enough to do to not worry too much about that.but its a great day out and dont forget the camera.
Very well designed and upcoming new surprised lands when we went there was upcoming new project which was under construction and the miniature world is very beautiful
great place to visit and spend the day. nice friendly staff and the lineups not too long. great assortment of food and mickey is as good here as in the u.s.  will come back again soon to visit with minnie.
We visited the park with our 2y old and planned quite carefully, which really helped making our stay wonderful. We had a two day pass, which is not that much more expensive than a one day pass. This way, we simply stayed in the city (hence saving money on an expensive Disney hotel), yet having sufficient time to see it all, without exhausting the little one (and ourselves). We visited one day morning till about 3:30pm and the second day from 5:30pm onwards, allowing for naptime, and leaving sufficient time and energy for the rides. Our daughter loved Fantasy land with princesses and Small World. The Pooh ride was actually a bit too scary : ) . We visited on a Monday and Tuesday and never waited anywhere for more than 10 minutes. Brilliant! Staff is well trained and very friendly. Great idea to have them hand out stickers to the little ones... our daughter loved that. Be prepared for hot days and take extra clothes, as some areas allow kids to cool off getting soaking wet. I understand the rides are not that interesting for adults, but for people with younger kids this is a perfect park. Only down side that i can think of is that some of the adults get a bit over excited over the characters. Many of the people waiting to get their pic taken with Tinklebell were (way) over 18, which i found silly and sometimes slightly frustrating, having to wait for adults japping endlessly with a character while young kids are waiting in line. Anyway, i guess this is part of the quirks in an Asian park. We had a great time and i would certainly recommend a visit for parents with pre teens.
this place is invaded by China men. Noisy, rough, littering and smoking. What do you feel if you see a group of chinese sharing an orange in the main street?
My husband and I literally opened and closed disneyland. It was just us, no kids. Bit of a long day but I didn't want to miss anything. I guess you can't work out wait times etc.Loved the disney resort line you use to get there, we took the first train and it felt the busier than the park almost. We actually didn't have to wait that long for most things, except the golden mickeys show but it was very much worth it. Main Street was awesome had one of the best cheeseburgers in Hong Kong. Be careful if you are coming from a place that has a good exchange rate, we totally overspent in the shops! It was very very very humid, advised taking fan, or spray mist etc, very easy to get dehydrated. Must sees   golden Mickeys show, it's a small world, and the main parade.You have to stay for the light show, most is in English, get there early for good viewing area. Prepare for etc digital cards for photos  battery etc, I know this sounds silly but we took an immense amount of photos and our camera died, lucky we had an iPad with full battery!Happy travels!
such a nice and great place for family vacation, with so much section to visit, there will be not enough time to explore the whole theme park. The parade quite often, and the crowd still reasonable, so you will not miss a nice attraction of many disney icon, you can enjoy the park, but not for some attraction which a long queue and many uneducated people which can not queue and always try to push you or cut your queue line, if you stay for a quite long time in Hong Kong, you will understand that many people doesn't understand the meaning of  queue .
Let's admit it the Disneyland is Disneyland. I've been to Universal Studios Singapore the week before and it doesn't feel close to being in Disneyland. I've also been to Disney Sea Tokyo and Tokyo Disneyland. From the concepts, details on the park, and the rides themselves, Universal Studios does not compare.The 3 new areas and rides (Mystic Point, Toy Story Land and Grizzly Gulch) are quite fun and give adults more choices of rides. The new rides are comparable if not better than those rides in Disneyland Tokyo. The Mystic Manor is such a great ride for both adults and kids while the Runaway Mine Cars and RC Racer are for the thrill seekers.For those needing a Wheelchair, you can actually ask a  cast member  after getting out of the train or bus (Disneyland Resort Station   Disneyland Resort Public Transport Interchange) to provide you with a wheel chair. They'll accompany you till you get to the gate so that you can transfer to another paid wheelchair inside the park. Now the bad part:A lot of the Chinese visitors are ill mannered and would try to get ahead of you even in a queue. So expect to be pushed (but don't let them get ahead and either you push back or tell them bluntly). They are so different from those in Japan where everybody is calm and respectful.Yes, it is indeed humid and hot most of the year and essentially long queues abound. You'll spend at least an hour lining up for the rides mentioned above. The only ride we didn't really wait for long is the  Small World .I was only able to get a Fast Pass on Space Mountain as it is the only one available   not even the advertised  Lion King  was available so the  Fast Pass  system is a failure in this case. Again, in comparison to Tokyo, the Fast pass system saved us so much time lining up for rides even though the lines are actually longer in Tokyo!However, for those who haven't been to Disneyland before, don't miss the chance the experience it. I'm sure whatever incidents you'll encounter while there would make up for the experience of just being in Disneyland.
Funnest place on earth... for the most part it is. I went there on august 11. It was definitely a worthwhile experience since it was the first time for my wife and my 2 year old son. Our biggest complaint was the heat. There was absoloutely no breeze and the sun was relentless. Also add to the fact that it was a holiday so there were so much people. My wife and I only got a chance to ride 2 rides... teacup and its a small world. Both had the least amount of people... the its a small world wss definitely a plus for a 2 year old. The lines were too long for other rides. I also rode the train with my son. It wssnt that great because it didnt go around the whole park. However, we did enjoy teh shopping because there was a sale at one store at the end of main street that offered a 40 percent discount for one purchase, 50 percent for two and 60 percent for three. We bought a lot of hk disney stuff. I would suggest that if you do go during summer, wear comfortable clotehs such as a tanktop or drifit shirt, shorts, and flipflops. Also, bring umbrellas and a portable handheld fan. I would definietly go back during christmas or a cooler time.
What a fantastic adventure! absolutely beautiful place  incredibly busy but who doesn't expect congestion in Hong Kong middle of summer at Disney land?  Well worth the trip reasonably priced and a really fun day if you stay positive and drink lots of water!
I recently visited Hong Kong Disneyland and like Disney in Florida, it always brings out the kid in me. Other than standing in the long lines, sweating to death in the Hong Kong humidity, it was a great time. I especially enjoyed sharing it with my wife, who has never visited Disney before.
You literally can spend just 1.5 hours to check out the whole Disneyland. Packed with mainland Chinese everywhere. Have stayed there for a night, before going for the Disneyland.Especially like Winne the Pooh ride, very kids friendly. Love it being so easy to get to, because you can take MTR straight to the place.Not really worth the admission fare though, will wait till it gets bigger to go again.
Let's take Disneyland, California and Disneyworld, Florida out of the picture because in comparison, Hong Kong Disney is much smaller in size with much less rides. My husband and I took our 4 year old daughter just for one day to Disneyland Park. We arrived around 10 am which was perfect timing for the opening (daily) parade of old and new Disney characters. It lasted for a good half hour. As for the attractions, for my husband and I as adults we found it a little boring (in comparison to other Disneys which had more rides for teenagers and adults). For our 4 year old, I'd say we made her day through the little rides such as Merry go Round, Dumbo the elephant (which probably only lasted 3 minutes after a queue of more than half an hour). And that goes for most of the rides, very long queues which maybe because of the ratio between the rides and visitors are not at all equal. There were souvenir shops every 5 minute of walk, selling the same overpriced items. The snacks (caramel popcorn, corn on the cob, ice cream, sodas) throughout the park were also typically overpriced. There are a few fast food restaurants (serving burgers, fries, etc.) inside the park but since we were in Hong Kong, we decided to give Chinese food a go. It was horrible and sigh...again, very much overpriced. (I would absolutely pack my own sandwich but of course that is not allowed since security checks your bag as you hand in your ticket at the entrance). We ate the food because we were just hungry and there was not much choice. We were told that in the evening there would be another sort of parade show at the entrance with Disney characters with fire works. So we hurried back just to catch it but it was a disappointment. Even our 4 year old knew that there should have been more to it. There was only a parade of Mickey, Donald Duck, Goofy sitting in a car waving to the crowd and the firework was a joke. (I've seen neighborhoods create bigger ones for 4th of July!). A huge Christmas tree (we were there for Christmas) was lit up and that stole the show as everyone seemed to want a picture with the tree. At around 7pm when my husband asked what did I want to do next, I said,  go back to the hotel  and our 4 year old didn't hesitate to agree. Outside of the park there were choices of taking the train, taxis, or shuttle to your hotels. Since we stayed at the airport hotel and comparing prices between the transports and also time wise, we decided for a taxi car. It was not expensive and park staff stood on guard telling us which way to go. We didn't have to discuss price with the taxi drivers because meters were available.All in all it was a good day, (who doesn't love Disney?!) but I'd have to say that people in Hongkong were quite rude, didn't know how to stand in line properly, shoving and pushing, and just a bit careless. Who knows, maybe everyone was just too excited to be at Disney. Would we come back? Most likely not.TIP: 1) If bringing small children, even 4 6 years old who can walk and run on their own, they might get tired midway so rent a stroller for free at the entrance gate. Better let them sit on stroller and rest rather than carrying them because they're too tired to walk.2) Discreetly bring water bottles. 3) If someone is rude or shoves you when standing in line, tell it straight off that you're in line first and they need to wait properly. People are rude but they can take your straightforwardness.
We spent the day recently and were quite impressed. The park is laid out well with plenty of rides and food drink outlets. The queues can be large at some rides, take note of the times displayed.I would invest in a umbrella, this place was extremely hot with very little shade for visitors.1 day was enough for us and we saw most attractions. We didn't stay around for the 9pm fireworks as we were drained from the large day. Super easy to get the train to Disney from Central station.Highlights were Toy Story Land and Adventure Island. Prams can be hired for smaller children
To celebrate my son   s 8th birthday, we planned a one week Hongkong trip, which included a visit to Disneyland park, Ocean Park, and Science Museum (see separate reviews). I purchased a platinum Magic Access card for my son and one of his priveleges is free visit to the park any day of the year. For the rest of us, we bought the 2 day ticket which allows us to visit the park at any 2 days within a one week period. We made it a point to start and end our Hongkong trip with a Disney experience... so we checked in at Disney   s Hollywood Hotel for our first 2 nights, L    Hotel Island South (near Ocean Park) for 3 nights, then at Disneyland Hotel for our last night (see separate reviews for each hotel). We visited Disneyland park on our 2nd and 6th day in Hongkong. Our visit was in August 2012.If you are visiting summertime, like us, be prepared for a really hot day. You can discreetly bring a small bottle of water inside your bag through the park gate, the guards are not that strict. This will not suffice for the whole day though, and you will need to buy drinks later. Though we made sure to visit the park on a weekday and not Saturday nor Sunday, there were still a lot of people, thus the long queues. Having motion sickness, we are not really that into rides so we just walked around, looking at shops, taking photos, and eating when we feel like it. We did the train ride but it was not that special. My son liked the Astroblasters (shooting enemies of Buzz Lightyear with a laser gun while riding a boat) and It   s A Small World (a boat ride that allows you to view an enormous display of dolls from all over the world). Be sure to watch both The Lion King and The Golden Mickeys because they are wonderful, amazing shows that will be enjoyed by people of all ages! The Caravan show at Grizzly Gulch is also very good, and it included participation of kids in the audience...which my son enjoyed. Shows have several schedules during the day so don   t fail to look at schedule of shows, together with the map.Also, take note of the schedule and route of the parade so you can decide where you want to watch... and be in that location early to take your desired spot. The parade passes at a relaxed pace so you have ample time to take photos of the characters. This should not be missed if you have children with you.We watched the fireworks at around 9pm in front of the castle during our first Disneyland park visit day ...and it was amazing! Though watching the fireworks from our Hollywood Hotel park view room the night before already was a very good experience, watching it right infront of the castle was much better still.Be there early so you can sit at one of the few benches in front of the castle.Exploring the whole Disneyland park cannot be accomplished in one day of continuous walking if you have children and senior citizens with you. Checking in at one of the Disneyland resort hotels gives the advantage of being able to rest at the hotel when you get tired then going back to the park later in the day. This is easy because free shuttle buses regularly go around the resort with stops at the 2 hotels and the park. And after a very tiring day in the park, it   s comforting to have the shuttle bus waiting to bring you to the hotel. Though it is a long walk going out of the park, you know you will be in your room after just a few minutes of bus ride.
We recently had a 2 day pass here during local holiday time   bad mistake. The attraction is great for a first timer; we were travelling with Miss 4 and Miss 1. Both days we were there was very hot and humid and you have to be prepared for a couple of blows to the head face off a visitor with an umbrella. The guest services appeared good with the facility to hire a pushchair   wheel chair for the day. We took our own small stroller and found the staffed stroller parks well supervised and close to large attractions. On the first day we were there we were asked to be marshalls for the parade which meant getting into the theme with mickey ears etc and waving to the crowds in the marshall car. Some wonderful souvenirs were given for participating. So if you want to be in with a chance, get in early and hang around City Hall for a bit. We bought meal vouchers which were reasonably priced and in all honesty after expecting poor food, it was reasonable on the day. The merchandise is what you would expect from an international brand and if you are feeling hot, make use of the linked air conditioned souvenir shops. English speaking attractions, just check the times. Fireworks are amazing   best view (and less crounded) is on the stairs or at the top of the train station near the main entrance. As a plus standing here also enables you to bypass thousands of people leaving the park as you are closer to the exit!!   My only complaint apart from getting queue rage at the end of day 2 with the lack of manners from most of the visitors is across all of the park, they did not appear to fill up the rides, allowing single persons to ride in one cart etc. As a result the queue times of 30 70 minutes could significantly be reduced by having visitors share rides. When you're walking around the park with thousands of others, getting pushed in front of in queues and having umbrellas bashed in your face, I'm sure cosying up to the person next to you so you can save 15 minutes queuing time is little to ask. Kids loved it   great for all ages   avoid the holidays and Summer and take spare water bottles to save yourself spending lots of $22HK on bottled water.
I was weary of going here because of past reviews. I fully expected everyone to try and cut in the lines and encounter an overcrowded park. The opposite couldn't be truer. Compared to the rest of Hong Kong, Disneyland is an escape from it all. The cast members are on top of the rudeness of Hong Kong and carry the typical Disney experience. They were continually handing out stickers and made a otherwise horrible trip to Hong Kong enjoyable. I hate Hong Kong and will never go back but, Disney did it again with their perfect marketing.
Hot   planning a better acclimatized time of year certainly should have been a consideration (August 2013). The park really has little attractions and lots of shopping. I suppose being from USA and having been to Disney World Florida set my expectations high and I was disappointed. About 10 mechanical driven rides is all they have. Lots of shopping for everyone to spend their money   of course. They must be making money seeing the standard Hong Kong Disneyland ticket price is HK$350  $45.00 USD  for a one day adult entry. We bought 2 day passes and were hard to find enough activities for the entire 2 days. I suggest going to the park from 10am to 1pm   then break off if your at a local hotel   then return for the evening at 5pm through 9pm   although this was mainly due to the extremely HOT temperatures we had during our visit. BTW   THEY DO NOT SELL SMALL HAND HELD FANS AT ANY OF THE SHOPS. ONLY ELECTRIC NOVELTY FANS. WE SUGGEST YOU PICK UP A COUPLE FOLDING COLLAPSIBLE STYLE FANS   THE LINES ARE SUPER HOT AND MANY DO NOT HAVE ELECTRIC FANS TO COOL THE CROWDS. Extreme lines as well   wait times exceeding 60 minutes and they have a  Fast Pass' system that really does not work at all. There were a few attractions we could not visit at all due to the extreme lines. I will go back again to say   there are not really many rides   one good indoor roller coaster if you consider it a thrill at all   twisting and turning in the dark but all the same it was in the cold A C so I was pleased to take the ride. Other than that 1 ride   there is only boats and kiddy rides of the mechanical nature   nothing spectacular. I would not recommend this park if you have the ability to visit either of the 2 parks in USA. Teenager's will be quite disappointed with the rides at this park as well. There is also the 6 flags theme parks dotted across the USA that do a much better job of providing attractions for all ages. This park is definitely geared towards the youngest of ticket holders. I am not against that at all   but what about teenagers and adults (?) We are making plans to visit Disneyland Paris France. VISITOR BEWARE   the lines are super crowed   with people cutting up through the lines at every venue   pushing and shoving   on the lines of a cultural experience. We were unable to deter anyone intentions to fill even the simplest of gaps between people   it was VERY unpleasant experience and we will not return to this park for this one reason amongst others. They should change the culture of this habitual line cutting by staging attendants to stop this persistent progression of entire 8, 10  family members cutting through the lines at each and every ride simply because they know 1 person at the head of the line.
if you're going to hong kong on a family or friends vacation, you're proabbly gonna go to disneyland anyway, as well as oceanpark, but this disney is smaller the the one in california, but still, its a place you should go to
Wow, my first time to visit Disneyland, it was in Hong Kong! I felt I was dreaming when I met up with Mickey & Minnie, also my favorite Disney character, Winnie the Pooh! Unforgettable memories...A MUST VISIT, even just once in a life time, worth it!
decided to visit here in august. decided on a monday to avoid the weekend crowds. it was a very hot day 35deg C . and the park is only 8 years old so the trees arent established yet, so there was very little shade. every second person seemed to have an umbrella, which was very dangerous i got hit in the face and head several times with rude people trying to rush by or push in and que jump. i got on 3 rides and had lunch and that took 5 hours. each ride was at least a 1 hour wait. with lots of unhappy parents and lots of crying or bored children. really if you dont have to visit this place dont bother it is just a merchandise theme park. more shops than rides.
If comparing to Disneyland in LA, this is much smaller and have less activities. My parents and children are first timer, they enjoyed so much and is a great experience for them. My advice is not to visit during China school holiday which we didn't realize it, we expected there will be queue for theme park but not there are more than what we expected even though it was on Friday.The theme park is crowded and sometime you might experience people cutting queue or pushing. You must be firm and insist them to queue up. You just need to manage your time well so that you won't queuing for long time, some activities are providing  fastpass  that you can book your time in advance. Sometimes my husband and I have to split to bring our two kids who have different interest so that we can maximize our time. If you are looking for the adventure and fast speed ride, I think this is not the best place, here is more suitable for families.Please be prepare if you are going during summer, it might be rain or too hot.
We have travelled to all Disneyland parks around the world, and each Disneyland is unique.We took the MTR then continue our journey with the train provided by the park.Interesting train , got all Disney characters all over , inside out.We arrived early so theres just a little Q goin on ,own food and drinks are not permitted to bring in the park , and they will search for it in your belongings.It was a cold day on Christmas day when we arrived , and the weather inside the park was cold.But it didn't stop people come flocking in,especially those from the mainland China.The size of this Disneyland is smaller than the Euro Disney ,but it will consume your entire day , to experience the whole attractions here.Plan on your map , what attraction to be experienced first and keep an eye for the times of street parades ,and other timed attractions.There's many souvenir shops along the way ,and many good restaurants to fill up your stomach.Food and drinks here a bit expensive than from the outside , but its still within budget, in fact ,this is a famous themed park.At night time there will be a fireworks on display , so stay late ,but not too late until you missed the very crowded return MTR !
I'm extremely disappointed with Disney, as at great expense I sent my daughter and her mother to Hong Kong Disney from Melbourne Australia, as it was my daughters dream.She arrived there today(28 August) her twelfth birthday, to be told she's an adult, and they require more money. This has caused distress and embarrassment on the part of my daughter and her mother, and anger and disgust with me.Though every aspect of the trip was booked through a travel agent,and maybe it's a mistake on their part, the fact that Disney can classify a 12yo(Just!) as an adult is saddening.So much for a special start to a special day! Poor old Walt would be turning in his fridge, and Disney should be ashamed of themselves! Spread the word, I will be!
A dream come true even though a tad too late! I suppose better late than never. It was truly magical and surreal. We spent an entire day and only returned at night to our inn with fond memories. Even the train ride was fun with mickey's head everywhere as logos. It was a long ride from Tsim Sha Tsui. We met all the disney characters and it was a great bonus to be visiting in December, as the whole park was decorated and adorned in christmas fineries. It was as if I was in a fairy tale. All the rides were fun but very long queues despite the fact that we went on a Monday. Be prepared to wait. I loved the Lion King show that we watched and the street parade which was like a christmas fiesta with fake snow!
You have to queue at least 15 mins each game. Disaster . I don't like because you have to spend time on queuing almost
Ok so its not as big as the DL in San Diego. Or Euro Disney. But for two adults it was big enough to enjoy for the day and tick the box. Families may need couple of days due to the lines  we waited approx 45 mins to an hour for every ride on a Monday. The souvenir shop, food court and restaurants were well stocked and efficiently run for such a place with so much thoroughfare. only thing were the toilets required more maintenance in cleaning.The rides were all relatively new, well run and fun. They did have less characters out and about (if you have kids, you may need to take pictures with statues instead of the walking Mickey!).Prices were $450 HKD per adult (about $65 AUD). Overall had a great fun day (except for the humid weather  but wait they have AC cranking with fans!) and the mainland chinese people pushing in line and walking right up behind you....manners please!
Compared to Florida and Paris, it is not good at all.. There were no Disney characters anywhere and it just felt like a theme park that had nothing to do with Disney. The castle sucked too.
Hong Kong Disneyland is the first theme park inside the Hong Kong Disneyland Resort and is the fifth Magic Kingdom style park. Located at Penny   s Bay, Lantau Island.  Come & experience the wonderful magical moments with your special ones in Disneyland
If you have been to USA Disney or Universal Studios you would be very disappointed. If not, I believe you only need a one day pass as HK Disneyland is doable in 5 6 hours unless you wanted to stay for the fireworks at the end and of course, depending on queues. Focus seems to be on young children however there are some god rides and lots of eateries. Extremely clean. Make sure you can read the tourist guide map as there are not a lot of signs to the worlds. Souvenirs are reasonably priced and well within a tourists budget.
This is our second family trip to Disney HK, after it first opened (and now have more rides), it is still not the size of Paris, but has all the major rides.Getting to Disney HK is simple via the MTR, and the last leg is on special Disney trains with Mickey windows and artwork inside to start the experience before you arrive.Food is not permitted to be brought in and there are bag searchs before entry, but they will let smaller food items and drinks in, if you bring a banquet, expect to be stopped. Food and drink are very expensive for HK, water is $22 HKD     2 GBP.Free fast pass for the Space Mountain and Winne the Pooh, but you can only get one at a time, my suggestion is to get the Fast Pass as soon as you get in, this will give you a time for your ride so you can do the others before returing for your time slot.Tip: Don't go on weekends and National Hoildays, as the place will be rammed. Use the free fast pass. Eat at timed before or after standard meal periods Bring lots of cash for drinks, specially in Aug Buy a special return ticket for the MTR, otherwise be prepared for a long wait at the ticket station after the firework display. Watch the fireworks from the end of Main street close to exit, otherwise you will be caught in the crush to exit the site.
this place was just great and I loved every second of it as im still a teenager this park is divided into 4 parts like future land which was the best .this place is not meant for old people as it is a lot to walk and ,much more to do .overall great experience I stayed n the Hollywood hotel and also went for the fireworks and the carnival which is just awsome
We had a family trip to Hong Kong last Holy Week, and one of our itinerary was Hong Kong Disneyland. The park is smaller compared to the other Disneyland theme parks. New attractions which were added were the Grizzly Gulch, and Toy Story Land. I suggest people get Fast Pass to high traffic attractions, and come back on the designated time specified on the Fast Pass. Also I suggest that you go on a weekday, as the weekend gets too crowded with Mainland tourist! You can also bring bottle water, and some snacks, as the food sold inside the park, cost double than what you buy outside!
Our daughters (12 and 10) loved it. The queues for big rides like grizzly mountain and space mountain weren't too long but for little rides like winnie the pooh were very long. It was very hot the day we went, but we thoroughly enjoyed our day.
It is truly a fantabulous hotel and theme park. A dreamland not only for kids but also for kids at heart. Our fave*Monster University*Toy Story Land rides Toy Soldier Parachute drop, Slinky Dog Spin, RC Racer.*Mystic Point  Mystic Manor and garden of wonders* Grizzly Gulch ride mountain runaway mine cars and Geyster Gulchgreat for water plays.*Rafts to Tarzan's Treehouse*Jungle River CruiseDisneyland Hongkong is near to the airport and a wholeday tour. Getting there by MTR, by BUS, by CAR or TAXILuggage probs? they have a luggage valet for only HK$60. The best month to travel or should I say the worst month to travel is summer.Water is a bit costly so I suggest bring alotta of water... Food range HK$80
This was my first experience in Disneyland. I would say it was alritel. The atmosphere and design was so amazing! The little shops on Main Street USA was decorated beautifully with plenty of little souvenirs to buy. The rides that we got onto (Parachute thingo at Toy Story land, buzzlight year thingo and its a small world) was nice, unfortunately the whole park was packed out! took us 40   minutes to line up, We gave up and decided to just shop for toys and souvenirs.Next time, I'll be sure to remember to use the fast pass and come earlier! Got to try the RC coaster, magic mountain and the Gulch ride!
Was in Orlando in October 2012 so able to compare. This Disney is different. No staff interaction with the kids. The park was heaving and the q's were horrendous. Watch for the blatant Q jumping, pushing in and barging from the locals. Just like a rugby scrum in most rides. Getting there was easy though. Won't be back sadly.
Disneyland Hong Kong transports you away from reality into a dream world all of its own. It is more a resort with its own hotels than just a theme park.The ride starts even before you enter the park. You get down from the normal boring Hong Kong Metro with its clinical stainless steel and board the Disney Express. The train does more than transport people to Disneyland. It starts a journey which transports you into a dreamworld. Inside, the train is colorful and there are couches instead of the standard seats with disney characters displayed promptly and tastefully at several locations. The windows on the coaches are shaped like Mickey Mouse (three intersecting circles) and the train is decorated tastefully. Be warned though, the train gets pretty crowded. So start early.You reach the disneyland station and the illusion continues. The station is like a vintage station   probably more in place in a Harry Potter movie than in modern Hong Kong. Enter Disneyland and the first thing you see is a vintage train (yes there is a train which takes you around Disneyland). Cross the platform and you come to the Main Street. This is like a beautiful wild west town complete with a photo studio, markets, restaurants etc. Good for shopping. There are also vintage vehicles to take you around. This is where the Parades take place. The attractions begin after the street.At the other end of the street is the sleeping beauty castle complete with a moat and drawbridge. Another bit of dreamworld.For the adventurous, there is the grizzly gulch (wild west adventure complete with mines and bears) and adventureland (Jungle adventure with river rafting and tarzan house). Fantasy land with its small world ride is good. Sci Fi enthusiasts will love tomorrowland and kids will love toy story land.Flights of Fantasy Parade, Golden Mickeys and Fireworks (Disney in the Stars) are not to be missed. Mickeys Waterworks parade and Adventure of the Lion King are also good. You can also get your photograph clicked with the disney characters if you want. The shows get full   so make sure you get to the venues early.If this is your first visit, I would recommend buying the two day pass if you have the time. It is only slightly more expensive than the 1 day ticket and helps you see the park at a more relaxed pace and see all the attractions you want (the part gets full and there are long queues for the rides). Plan for a full day since the fireworks show (daily) is in the night just before park closing. Of course, you can always stay at one of the hotels in the park and visit at your convenience. The park keeps adding new attractions. So it is worth a visit even if you have seen it before. I have been there thrice and plan to visit again.
This is indeed a happy place. Not really a fan of theme parks, but Disneyland is different. The rides are more child friendly and safe. Everything around will remind you of your childhood, with all the Disney characters. Rides are so much fun. Try all the rides in the Toy Storyland, don't forget the Space Mountain. However, queue to rides may take long. Make sure to take note of the shows like the Philharmagic in 4D, Lion King, Disney Magic Musical (?) and of course the fireworks display! I really loved it here. Plus not all restaurants are expensive, there are affordable ones and delicious too.
A trip to Hong Kong is not complete without visiting Disneyland. Set amongst over 320 acres of stunning gardens we spent a full day here and could have easily backed it up with a second day. Featuring 7 lands including Toy Story Land, Grizzly Gulch, Adventure Land, Main Street U.S.A, Fantasay Land, Tomorrow Land, and the brand new Mystic Point, oh and don't forget to take a ride on the interactive jungle river cruise....It's pretty cool. Hong Kong Disneyland caters for all age groups. We did skip Fantasyland as our children, now aged between 8 14 were too old for this, except for a few poses with the characters.Even though it is Summer Vacation, we chose a weekday and it was busy, but our ride times were around 10 minutes each and our favourites being Space Mountain, which we rode 3 times, The Grizzly Gulch and the amazing animated, magnetic Mystic Manor. The effects are brilliant.We were lucky with the weather, yes it was hot, but its easy to cool off at several attractions and don't forget to join in the fun of The U.S.A main street parade @ 4pm, which is not only great fun, but will ensure a great water fight.I was surprised at the great range of high quality restaurants, being DisneyLand, I was sure that it would be all fast food, but we dined at 2 very high quality asian restaurants, The river view restaurant serving al a carte meals inspired by Southeast asia and China regions and The Plaza inn serving a great variety of Cantonese cuisine in a great family setting. If you are looking for fast food, that is also available.We found the guides around the park to be super friendly and always there offering you directions, advice and offering to take your family photo with our own camera, now that's great service.Be sure to stay for the fireworks, you will be surprised at how fast the day will zoom by and it will be 9 pm before you know it. The fireworks are set around Sleeping beauty's castle and they are by far the most amazing display of fireworks that we have encountered...breathtaking!!One word of advice , that if you are there on an extremely busy day, opt for the fast pass, even though we didn't need this, some of the queues can be over an hour wait. The fast pass is all inclusive with your Park admission and will save you time queuing, It will give you an allocated time to come back to the ride of your choice and skip the queues...BRILLIANT.
its a wonderland for kids,take 2 days ticket passits complete value for money,2 days pass is valid for 7 daysthat means you can make the second visit anyday within 7 days.and inside, as promised by disney its a fairy tale land,lovely music, ambience and nice atmosphere.dont forget to pick the map,and plan your visit accordingly.some people say that its very small disneyland as compared to paris.but believe me that also means that you have more attraction in less space.that also means less walking and more fun.some people say that the crew here doesnt even make eye contact,but if you do not accept it, then do not come here at all.its an asian country , and that too china for christ sake.its a cultural difference.unlike western countries, these people do not keep smile at you to show respect.but that doesnt mean they wont help you.they are very hard working, and you have to understand the chinese culture first.Right from entering the gate to the overall visit , its a wonderful experience,also, do not miss the disneyland parade!just do not do it.because thats the best part of it.the parade goes at 1 pm and 4 pm.please re confirm the timings before you go.also it depends on the weather condition,so, sometimes it may also get cancelled.plan your visit accordingly.do not just miss the WINNI the POOH !the most memorable experience of disneyland!have a great time!
This was the last Disney that we have not visited and so we decided to brave the crowd. We had to visit on a Saturday because it fitted into our schedule. Arrived early at about 9:30am and was expecting the worse like Disneyland Tokyo but was pleasantly surprised that there wasn't much of a crowd at the entrance. We rushed in to get a fastpass for the Space Mountain, no one was there, you could just walk in and get on the ride but as no one in our group wanted to ride that first thing in the morning, so we went off to Mystic World which is the unique thinng about HK Disneyland. It was great. The Mystic Manor is definitely well worth a visit (not scary), something similar to the haunted house, just the content was different. Enjoyed that.We were too lazy to walk back to Space Mountain and went back there for another fastpass which we did not use and rode it later that day. To sum, the Chinese like to start late and the afternoon was busier than the morning. We even went back to the hotel for a swim at midday due to the heat and shopping at Citigate outlet mall and returned in the evening. Hotdogs which is everywhere in all Disneys was hard to find in HK Disneyland. Was disappointing. Not much Western style food in there. The princesses palace was small compared to the others, so be prepared. The fireworks was so so. To sum, if you have been to other Disneys, you may be a little disappointed in HK Disneyland. However, we went knowing that HK Disneyland was the smallest and so were not that disappointed. The light crowd for 'peak' summer holidays is surprising. I am not sure why.However, why we will never go back was the queue jumping!!!! If you leave any space between you and the person in front, you may first find a child in front of you. Then when it's moving, he calls out to Mom, and what can you do? You may take pity and let mum through. Nearer the ride, there's dad, aunties and uncles and and ....... It's okay in at the start and then it wears you down.Only once did we complain to the controller and he asked to wait for their turn but it wasn't fun. So if you can put up with that, you should have a good time there. After all, it is just one two turns only. If you wish, you can be pushy and I think no one would tell you off either. It's just the China Chinese culture. Not all Chinese are alike as those from different countries have been well exposed to the western culture of queueing, etc. It will change in the future but you just have to give it some time. It really gets to you when you are tired and cranky!Compared to Tokyo Disneyland, Tokyo Sea is definitely well worth a visit!! It was really great and different from any Disneyland around the world. Here, there are more choices but the crowd is incredible! An hour before opening time, the crowd is already 50m  deep all across the gates!!!!! They had a lottery system to see their musical and you may not get to watch it because you are not lucky, no special treatment for overseas visitors. One draw a day! If you missed it, you've missed it.Go with an open mind, try and finish all your rides in the morning   possible if you plan it and expect a miniature Disneyworld and you will be fine. Have fun!
Just okay. Had fun, but I enjoyed HK other than this attraction. Yep     looong queue. So you better prep up some energy to be ready for this in exchange for 1   3 minutes ride.
I feel that the HK Disneyland is bit too crowded.  I don't like to queue for everything when in holidays.
My family and I ended up in Hong Kong as part of an Asian tour to meet all our relatives. As a massive Disney fan, I was particularly excited to visit Disneyland Hong Kong. After hearing countless people complain that it is too small, I was a little dubious about visiting, however, I had a great time!The parades were amazing, and so were the shows. Yes, the queues where ridiculously long and the other guests may have been rude, but the staff were very quick and patient to respond to this. In one occasion, a little boy pushed in front of me in the queue flashing a $10000 note and shouting  I WANT I WANT  in Mandarin. The staff patiently told him to leave the queue and dealt with him efficiently. You have to remember that this Disneyland caters for Eastern tourists, so don't be surprised if you don't understand what Mickey Mouse is saying, you wouldn't expect the shows to be in Mandarin in Florida!
Very well organised and professionally staffed. There was a big crowd during our visit with long queues at the rides. I was impressed by the staff being very professional in keeping the queues in check. There were more than a few cases of attempted queue...More
Our trip to Disneyland was a complete waste of time and money. Most rides had queues of about an hour and the Chinese mainland tourists are incredibly pushy and rude. Granted it was the Chinese summer holidays (which unfortunately we didn't know) at the time,...More
If you have a Fast pass half a day is more than enough at this place, else each ride and attraction will have 30 to 50 mins of waiting. Do not miss the ride 31, 29, 35, 33, 23, 20, 19, 7 and 13.   Apart...More
We visited HK Disneyland after being sold tickets by our hotel. We arrived at the park and it was just starting to rain, whilst there are covers over the Q Line for those who need to but tickets there is nothing over the Q line...More
I went here last November with my mom for her birthday. Really enjoyed taking pics with Mickey and the gang and riding some rides. Problems are the long queues and the locals who kept on walking in front of you even if they notice that...More
If you are visiting Disney HK make sure you check the weather prior your planning to travel since the park closes all out door events in case of cyclones, heavy thunder and showers. And also the Qs to the rides can take up to 60...More
Typical American glitz and organisation.  Easy to get in despite the crows and easy to get around. Do not stand back or you will not get anywhere.  The locals will push and shove so to get anywhere you have to join them.  There is very...More
Disneyland hong kong is nothing compare to Disneyland Paris. It is very small and less attraction. DReam works which is the hi light of the show is disappointing. On the other hand, The theatres were awesome so I still recommend Disneyland hong kong, for me it was still a good experience.
Do not even attempt to go to Disneyland hk during summer. The crowd started in the train to Disneyland from Sunny Bay station. When you enter the park, all you can see is a sea of Chinese tourists. I think Disneyland never bother to limit the number of visitors into the park. Queues for rides are an hour or more under the hot sun. People are standing so close in a queue to each other that you can practically feel each other's breath. Eateries were packed with people and you have to even queue up to use the toilets! We only managed to get only one ride in the 'small small world' because we had to think about our three year old's welfare. We do not want him to fall sick during the trip. We totally enjoyed our hk trip except for the Disneyland. It's a total waste of money. My advice to parents with young kids: skip Disneyland hk totally if you care about your kids! My advice to Disneyland management: if you do not limit the number of visitors into the park, I am sure nobody will want to return to your park a second time.
I go to HK Disneyland on August 8th, 2013, the weather is super hot with little rain in the afternoon. I suggest you to wear sunblock and bring umbrella (trust me, hat doesn't help at all). It was summer holiday, so the park was crowded, all the rides require you to queue for at least 35 mins (the longest queue is Winnie The Pooh approx. 85 mins).. take Single Rider options because it helps to cut the waiting time, although not much (you still have to queue for   20 mins).The main highlight for me (as 26 years old) are  Flight of Fantasy  parade and  Festival of Lion King  show. Flight of Fantasy  parade begin at 1.00 AM from Main Street USA, we stand around the castle area for   20 mins before the parade pass. The parade is fun, detailed & colorful, if you're Disney lover, don't miss the parade, it truly resembles the soul of Disney, every cast member is friendly & full of smile, they will interact with us too (i get a blow of kiss from the green painted Toy Soldier :p) Festival of Lion King  show is beyond the expectation, the stage is circle shaped so you can get clear view to performers. The show itself is lively, energetic and beautiful, you will see a lot of performance from singing, dancing, aerial ballet to acrobatic show (with fire). I found myself waving to every performer passing in front of me :D they're so good!Too bad i'm late for  Golden Mickey  show :( you must queue at least 45 mins before the show time   For the ride, if you are an adrenaline junkie like me, HK Disneyland is not my cup of tea, all the ride is for kids although they have good thematic interior and visual merchandise:1. Jungle River Cruise   (for kids & family) It quite fun, the animatronic is good, looks like real. Our guide is fun too, although her English is a bit hard to understand. Overall is an enjoyable ride with parents.2. Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars   (for kids) The grizzly bear animatronic is nice looks like real one. The roller coaster itself is just so so, the fun part is when the mine cars fall backward.3. RC Racer   (for kids & young adult) This ride might be the most disappointing for me, i queue for almost an hour for just 5 times swinging back and forth   .4. Mickey's Phillarmagic   (for kids & family) The 4D effect is fun, the smell of food thrown on the screen, the blow of wind, the splash of water.. although the movie itself is blurry and a bit bluish.5. It's A Small World   (for kids & family) This is a doll castle, you sit on a boat and watch dolls waving, dancing and singing  It's A Small World  in different languages. All the dolls are dressed up in colorful, detailed, pretty outfits. It feels like you're in wonderland, everything is cute and colorful.6. Space Mountain   (for kids & young adult) it's like riding a roller coaster in dark space, full of flickering lights, with little help of imagination it's like you're in outer space. As the effect of sudden turn, ups and downs, my head stumble left right up down and get super dizzy   @.@Closing the day is fireworks at 9:00 PM in the castle area. Before that time, castle area is already crowded with people, i found out the view of fireworks is still okay from the Main Street USA area, so there's no point to jostle with crowd :D The fireworks itself isn't extravagant, what makes it different because the fireworks is in harmony with the music, and it's from the back of the castle, so it's like watching a Disney movie.I would definitely come back to HK Disneyland to watch all show and parades  3 I think this park is more suitable for first time Disneyland visitor or kids. But after all, Disneyland will always be the happiest place on earth :)PS: Bring extra money to buy souvenirs. The food price is high, my lunch (at The Explorer's Club) is a set of seafood kway teow   fish ball soup   iced lemon tea for HKD$118 (!) although the portion is decent, the kway teow is tasteless with crab stick and meatball instead of fresh seafood. I recommend you to order Japanese set of grilled salmon with rice and vegetables for HKD$138, it tastes much better than my kway teow :
HK Disneyland is treat! The two day pass (for those with the time to spare) is really the way to go, given it's not that much more expensive than a single entry ticket, and does not need to be used on consecutive days, just within a seven day period of time. Given the weather when we visited (one day hot & the other rain with storm warnings) it was great to have the comfort of a second visit so that we did not feel pushed to cover every attraction in one visit. It is certainly possible to view the entire park in one day if that's all you've got however. The lion king stage show is marvelous  don't miss it! Fast pass the astro blaster ride & space mountain roller coaster to save time. AND don't miss the newly opened Mystic Manour attraction   an absolute delight if special effects & whimsy. A real treat!Be aware that when a storm or lightning warning is issued, outside attractions will be closed down for a period of time & parades cancelled. In short Love it!
Took the two older kids (10 and 12) for a day at Disney. It was actually one of the reasons we came to Hong Kong, as we live in Chengdu, China, and it's the closest Disney park. We weren't disappointed, for a couple of reasons. First, I read plenty of reviews that said the park was smaller than the average Disney park. So, I was prepared, and was actually pleasantly surprised that it was bigger than I'd expected. Second, while it was crowded, it was nowhere near as crowded as the parks in the U.S., and so I enjoyed actually being able to spend more time enjoying the park and less in lines. Getting to Disney is a walk in the park. We took the subway all the way, and it was an easy ride, just like getting to many places in Hong Kong. We especially enjoyed the Disney train that took us for the last leg of the trip. The ticket prices are very reasonable, especially when compared to getting in one of the U.S. parks, and it cost my family of three just over $100 USD.The rides were decent, although the reviews are correct that they are more geared towards small kids. Space Mountain and Grizzly Gulch were the best for my kids, and some of the rides in the Toy Story Land were fun for them as well, but nothing was completely amazing for them. Oddly enough, the little theme park here in Chengdu has better roller coasters, but HK has the Mouse, and so it balances out.We also enjoyed going to see the  Golden Mickeys  show, but I couldn't help but notice that the most recent Disney production referenced in the show was 2002's 'Lilo and Stitch'. Seriously? The mouse can't put any Pixar onstage later than Toy Story? What about Tangled? What about Marvel? Muppets? Star Wars? It was like going back in time to an early 2000's Disney park. My kids actually didn't know half the shows that were referenced. That being said, the production values were very high, and the performers did a great job, and mostly importantly   the kids loved the production. They would have loved it more with movies made during their lifetime, but they still loved it. Some things that we did to help make it a pleasant experience: First, we got there at the opening, and so got to ride a couple of rides before the longs got too long. Second, we took advantage of the fast pass system for a couple of rides, and that helped to speed things up for as well. Third, we were took the solo rider line and it cut the wait time in half, and we just sat in separate areas of the rides. It was fine, since our kids aren't so little.Word to the wise   eat lunch early or late, as the air conditioned sit down places get lines as long as Space Mountain from 11:00 to 2:00 or so. The more  fast food  places were nothing to write home about, and barely worth mentioning here except to say that they filled our bellies and gave us some much needed sit down time. I will just mention this   that it was terrible food, and seating was insane. I had looked the night before to see if it was possible to reserve seating at the nicer places, but couldn't find a way. Oh well, you don't go to the park to eat. You go for the rides.In conclusion, if you like Disney, and if you keep your expectations realistic considering that you're not in Los Angeles or Orlando, then you'll enjoy yourself.
the park was so crowded, that all that we can see is a sea of people. all the rides have long queue of minimum 1 hour. And the August sun was so hot, I lost count on how many bottles of drink that we had. We end up with 2 rides for the entire day: autopia (a lousy car ride) and space mountain (using a single rider line, which is faster).Disney HK is raking a huge amount of money and completely ignoring customer satisfaction.Will we come back again? definitely no (and that answer comes from my kids).
Disneyland is Disneyland. But do not put high expectation if you've been to Disneyland Paris, Tokyo and US. The rides are mainly catered for kids and adults with no kids would find it a bit boring esp for those adrenaline junkies. On the bright side, you can finish all the rides within one day. Do stayover for the night fireworks. Merchandise are reasonably priced and affordable. Staying at one of the Disneyland Hotel is advisable but no problem if you have other plans. Getting there is easy by train as you just have to find the signage that says Disneyland. Do check the train schedule for the last train if u decide to watch the night fireworks. For Muslims, there is one halal restaurant which I cant remember. Do check with the management for more details. All in all, if you have small kids do bring them here. If you dont and expect killer rides, give it a miss. But still, no harm visiting.
I traveled from the US with my wife and two young children to Asia and we opted for one day of Americana by visiting Hong Kong Disneyland. It is smaller than Disneyland in Anaheim, but it was still a full day for us at the park. Be warned, however, that some Chinese can be exceptionally rude and will brazenly cut in line at the park. Because of China's one child policy, the ratio of adults to children is also higher at this park than the parks in California or Florida. Chinese also apparently have a preference for shows over rides, so line up for shows early, but you can find short lines for even the most popular rides later in the day.
last visit was end June before the price raised. the theme recorded good profit but still raise the ticket price unreasonably. however, my son was had fun there.   other comments are:    expensive car parking fee    Always long queue for everything     expensive food
Great place for kids..A bit crowded but manageable. Roller coaster rides are really amazing..  Sending the whole day will be a wise idea since lot of activities over a large extent of land.
This place is magnificent, not too big and filled with exciting activities. The price is a little bit of problem though. They start the firework at late afternoon, in front of the Disney castle, which was something you cannot miss, or else you've never been...More
I paid two entrance with the credit card, and three days later they charge me 1000Hk dollars more and say that is for a shop or restaurant. I didn't buy anything. The don't have an specific phone number for complaining. And they told me that...More
I have visited Disneyland Hong Kong twice in the past year. Each time I bought a 2 day pass. You can see and enjoy all in the park in a day but I prefer to do it over two days and also hit the major attractions...More
I don't remember very well how good Disney in Hong Kong was as I went around 2008 but from what I do remember, it was no where near as good as the 4 parks in Florida. It had something missing, not enough rides and just...More
Disney is a place for all ages.the highlight of the place is the parade.the characters are so realistic and colourfull.there are a lot of interesting rides.the show at the fantasy land is worth seeing.once everytime the charcters  pop out and you can meet them now...More
We went to HK Disneyland with the 10yo daughter. She loved it, but was totally tired out by the end of the day, mainly by the long lines and the heat. In fact, so tired of lines was she that she refused to go to...More
It is My third Disney Trip (Orlando and Paris) everything else being same, it was the big disappointment that the famous smiles were missing from staff, I felt even worse Asia known to be more customer oriented but the missing smiles left a rotten taste....If...More
Little girls may love this place, but not my 2 boys, aged 7 and 11. They didn't really enjoy it. Weather was extremely hot. The park was super crowded. The queue was super duper long. Its kinda boring. Its the same parade every single day....More
for the price there was only 1 good ride in the whole park ,food choice was good but the shopping was way over priced I would,nt go back
We have beed to Disneyland Hong Kong many times.  Our kids are 3 and 7.  Each time has been a different experience as each year our kids get older.  It is small compared to other parks, but this appeals to us.  We try to avoid...More
I have been to three Disneylands and liked Hong Kong the best as it was easy to get around. Parking was great and the food areas were super.  The atmosphere was also very good and it was easy to find things.
There are things added compared to 2 years back. However, really did not enjoy the day. The crowd and queue put me off. The queue control ( or is there one?) is bad. You patiently queue for your turn but realise that other people will...More
Wednesday 27 March  As a family we have visited the other Disney parks and were keen to experience the HK one.  I was travelling with DW, DS(16), DD(13) & DD (10)  We got up relatively early and caught the Island MTR line to Central and...More
Its my first time here, but i'm not a big fans of disney so i just looking for the ride.. After walk around from one area to other area and take some photo with my tiny group. We started to try some ride that we...More
Ive never visited DIsneyland in the USA but i thoroughly wanted to see the one in Hong Kong when i was there. I was 25 when i visited, but still made my husband queue up with me to have our pictures taken with Mickey, Minnie...More
This is the 2nd most important thing to do in Hong Kong. Either with your kids or as a couple, this place is a must to visit (3   4 hours) and spend your time with fun filled activities. Take a walk or travel inside...More
I love every corner in Disneyland, because since childhood I was a fan of Disney. when I came here, very few queues. I think you should not miss their shows, especially Golden Mickey. Btw, the fireworks show is still my favourite.
Long queue for each ride. At least 40 mins queueing.  Advise to avoid china holidays when going Hongkong
HK Disneyland is much smaller than its Orlando's mother, however I found it to be its charm. We visited here in early June 2013 and the crowd is manageable. We spent the whole day there and went on all the rides we wanted to go....More
Do you believe in the saying that dreams do come true? In my case, I do. I had this chance to celebrate Father's Day in one of the happiest place on Earth, Hong Kong Disneyland. It was a cool day in Hong Kong. It was...More
I went to HKD in early april. The line ups for all of the major rides were really short like 5 15 mins. Which is really short compared to WDW. The weather wasn't so good. It was raining but thats why it was so quiet. We were the first on the jungle river cruise which was fun. But the time to go would be when the weather is not to good because to me the weather didnt affect us on any rides and thats what made the wait times shorter but also dont go on the public holidays because it will get really busy. Go in the off season!
We visited disneyland early in the morning. The place is a wonderful place to visit wherein the advisable thing as per many people is that you enter and reach the far end immediately. As the tourists after entering normally get customed to characters, take pics, it is always advisable to reach the far end immediately, take the quick rides and then come back to the main area.There are 7 different areas in the disneyland wherein 3 attractions have a priority pass. Just enter your ticket in the pass machine and get a designated time. You will find good shorter line for you if you enter through pass. Remember there are NO EXTRA charges for the pass. All you have to do is to go to the attraction and obtain a priority pass by the automated vending machines available there.One of the attractions Manor house is a place wherein it is a long queue and appears to be just like a collection of old artifacts whereas when you reach the roller coaster, the entire thing changes. Do visit the same. Lovely.If you love thrill, do not leave mine train. It really gives a good feel and a sort of unique thrilling experience (Particularly reverse direction)Do enjoy the lion king show.Many more wonders.Lovely place.If you can walk continuously have a one day pass else have a two day pass.Love water, enjoy the evening parade which is filled of water.
Ocean Park far more value for money.  Disneyland more rides etc than Ocean Park but much more variety at Ocean Park.
Only spent a couple of hours. Much smaller than other Magic Kingdoms. OK if you are a huge fan otherwise save time and money!
Visited in Sept 2006.Has all the essentials of Disneyland that one expects   Disney characters including the Princesses, parade, shops, train, and more. One could go visit the whole park on a day. But the park may be too small for the population of China.I love that Disney's train connects to HK's main line
I haven't been to any other Disney parks but have heard a lot from friends about them. Therefore, I found this one rather disappointing. It was really small for a Disneyland, the rides were nothing special and the queues were horendous for a weekday. I found out about the fastpass later as there was not enough information about it and they didn't tell us in the ticket booth. The boy was really excited but I was not. I am sure it is a fantastic place for tourists from the PRC to visit but Europeans and North Americans who have better theme parks nearer to their home countries need not bother.
It's small, rides are limited and for young kids only. Most locals won't go unless they got young kids to entertain. I've been to all Disneyland in the world and this is by far the worse. If you want to visit a park, Ocean Park is way way better.
Unless you have absolutely nothing else to do, while you enjoy standing in line with zillions of tourists, I will not recommend this place to anyone with a sane mind. There are other ways to enjoy the city. The rides are average at best, but the experience of waiting was simply horrible. The shows were okay and the parade was fun for the kids. However, comparing with other Disney theme parks, this is one park you can skip and won't feel you miss anything.
Hong Kong Disney is very small and crowded. Food and drinks terribly expensive. Few seating areas. Can be extremely hot during summer.
Disneyland is a good place if your kids are accompanying you and that too kids with age  15 years. Cannot compare this place with Universal Studios or Genting Higland as the rides are mainly for kids in disney land except for one or two roller coaster rides...
Its always fun to go to Disneyland. It was super duper hot (on July). Make sure you bring your sun block here. Having lunch in Disneyland is pricey and you have to queue for a long time. Plus, you need to guard your future table...More
Been living in HK for the past 10 years and was looking forward to visiting Disneyland in 2006 when it was opened, what a disappointment!!! Nothing comparable to other Disneylands (France, USA...etc) in terms of size, entertainment, attractions, price, space, crowd etc...  Bonded with tourists...More
Been here twice but the place never lost its magic. Loved the parades and the shows. Missed one though, so please get the schedule when you go in. Also utilize the Fast Pass, its very helpful. Souvenirs are expensive but the food is great. Check...More
I've been to Hong Kong Disneyland several times as I live in Hong Kong.  The park is relatively small and only needs a couple of days to fully explore.  It can get very crowded during school holidays, weekends and public holidays (based on friends experience)...More
Known for its smaller size in comparison to other disneyland parks, Hong Kong Disneyland however has the merits of easy reach from the city centre and a shorter waiting time for various attractions in the park.   In fact, though a local resident, I have strong...More
This Disneyland is smaller than the ones in Tokyo and Paris, and it felt quite packed with tourist despite we went on a weekday. Some other tourists didnt know about the fast pass so there were very long line around popular rides; we did manage...More
So we walked in and it's exactly the same layout as USA Disneyland so we knew where to find everything.  They have a Space Mountain and a Mystic Manor (like Haunted House but better) and there is a log flume roller coaster   but that's about...More
Arrive early to beat the crowds. Best time of year to visit is November to march when it's cooler in Hong Kong. Great for kids 3  and not as mush walking as US Disneyland. Get a schedule of daily activities so you don't miss the...More
Any Disney afficianados will understand the title line which is probably as much as needs saying. Whilst well intentioned it lack sthe atmosphere some may be looking for.
they spit and litter everywhere, also noisy tourists. As local we still don't get the point of why we have disneyland the tourist trap of staff trained to give you the commercialized smile and fairytale illusion. You don't see the real Hong Kong there. It...More
Small and disappointing. Really not worth visiting. The cable car to get there was probably the best bit.
Spend half day to Visit the smallest Disneyland in the world.  It would be fine if you visit in the morning and vist other part of Lantau island (airport) in the afternoon.
Yes, you can finish it in a day because it is small and compact as long as you learn all the tricks on getting  fast track  tickets to the popular shows. Here are some tips. Get to the gates one hr after it opens. It saves you an hour or so of waiting in line and you get it without queuing. Best time is just around lunch time and you stay till it closest. Not so hot to see Disney in the late afternoon and into the night.When everyone is starting from the beginning, start from the farthest point or go against the current. Eat during off peak hours to avoid lining up for food. Pick your spot ahead of time to watch the fireworks. Best is to find a restaurant where you can watch the fireworks while eating so you don't have to stand all throughout the fireworks.Visitors in wheelchairs will be given priority to enter first in most of the attractions and shows.
if you are a Disney fan, you shouldn't miss this destination.  It offers more than you think.  The attention to details of this place is amazing.  Of course, as they always advertise, it brings back your childhood memories.
An overall good place for a day to spend at.It's small so it's easy to go around and try everything, they have parades and firework display in the evening. There are places to eat at as well small vendors around.
Our second visit and the experince just still awesome! Our 5 yrs old son just the perfect age for him to have a will and less afraid of each disney characters in this place. Perfomance showed by trash bin men (percussion using their tools) definitely eye catching for visitors. Luckily the weather is very nice, and since there's a high temperature warning from Hongkong Observatory centre at that time, the park is not too crowded and you just need to queue fo 5 mins max to play. And even we could easily take pictures with all disney character without long queue! Just don't miss the fireworks at 8pm. Recommend you're in here from 9am till fireworks. Then it will worth you money.
No real surorise other that that it doesn't give the idea of being newly built ..looks and feels like it has been for years. Advice is to go early to avoid the huge crowds of mainland chinese who are very loud, noisy and pushy. Chinese food only at most food outlets ...different from other Disneylands ...quite small and need only one day to see everything. Suited more for very young children ...not much for teenagers.
65 dollars,, good value, but NOT like Orlando,, so , don't try to compare,,,, the shows are VERY good,,, Lion King and Golden Mickeys are a must,, Food,, is above average for a theme park,, and there was much to do,, even the pics with Mickey and Minnie were readily available,, and all day! so,, go see for yourself,,!
Just returned from a 4 night stay at Disney's Hollywood Hotel, HK. This was our 2nd trip here to the hotel & Disney HK, the last being ~ 3 years ago before the expansion of the 3 new lands. We booked a few months ago & booked our Disney 2 day tickets with our hotel package which turned out to be a good move because we got them at the old price before the recent increase.The Disney hotels offer a VERY good shuttle service & it is well worth staying here close to the park, Hollywood Hotel being the cheaper of the two. Since we last went to HK we have travelled to the 6 USA Disney parks (twice to Anaheim). Yes, HK is much smaller without some of the thrill rides but we still had a good time. I probably wouldn't make a special trip to HK for it but as we were in Singapore it wasn't much more to hop over for a few days.Weather was terrible. Poured most of the three days we were in HK, looks clear one minute & pouring the next! It didn't deter us. We'd taken the rain ponchos we bought there last time & also borrowed umbrellas from the hotel.We went to Disney on Tuesday & Wednesday. We didn't worry about getting there early like we do in Anaheim. Hours were 10am 9pm & we got there ~ 10 10.30am each day. After reading reviews I knew it was busier in the afternoon & the visitors tend to do the shows in the morning & rides in the afternoon. We headed straight to the new lands: Grizzly & Mystic Point & managed to ride several times with no queues. (note: Grizzly has single rider which is a good option when the crowds are big) Both rides here are excellent, great fun. It was raining, which is not so fun on Grizzly with rain pelting you in the face but Mystic is an indoor ride. We then headed to Toy Story Land but the rain REALLY came down & when it stopped it was getting pretty crowded so we headed round to Tomorrow Land. Two of the three rides that have fast pass are here   Space Mtn has single rider so you can manage your time around the crowds with these options.The best thing we did was book a tour, due to rain & crowds there is no way we could have done all the rides without the tour. It wasn't cheap but I wouldn't hesitate to do it again. 3 hrs & we got to choose what attractions we wanted to do got it all done including several of the rides twice. I booked the tour for 2.30pm when the park is busiest & we were walked straight onto the rides (thru the exit generally) & avoided the large crowds that were there then. The rain held off during the tour which was very convenient. Poured again straight after so we headed back to the hotel. We had booked a 'Park View' room so were able to watch the 9pm fireworks from our room with the soundtrack playing on the TV.We returned the next day to re ride our favorites loved RC Racer in Toy Story Land. Winnie the Pooh has fast pass so we did that after leaving it off the tour. Fantasy Gardens where you can have photos with the main characters Mickey, Minney, Pooh, Pluto & Goofy.Raining AGAIN most of the day so we left mid afternoon. Note that the 2 parades at 1pm & 4pm were cancelled both days due to rain, we weren't bothered as we've seen plenty of Disney parades.Youngest son & I went back at 8pm for fireworks, nothing like seeing them up close rather than from room where you miss a fair it of the action down low on near the Castle. We managed to get straight on Buzz & Space Mtn, most rides in the park have a 45 60 minute wait in the arvo.We had a good time but wouldn't go back unless we were in HK for another reason. We are headed back to the US as we love the Anaheim parks which have so much to do but if you're in HK I would recommend a visit!
From the gates at the entrance to the Golden Mickey's at the other edge of the park, Dosneyland was truely a place of magic for our 19 month old and 5 year old. We were there for 2 days in the rain (definately get the plastic rain ponchos as it keeps your bum dry on the rides) but this meant the lines were reasonably short and it wasn't as hot. A lot cheaper to get into than LA and the gift stores cheaper as well. My daughter (19 months) loved the carrosel and both kids lived Winnie the Pooh and It's a Small World. Mystic Manor was great and the Buzz Lightyear interactive ride was great, you shoot targets and it keeps your score as you go! Definity use the fastpass system as it saves lits of time. We used it for Winnie the Pooh, Buzz Lightyear, and though they don't advertise it you can use it on the Lion King performance too I noticed. The performaces and 3D show were great and a nice break to sit down! A fair number of meal choices and lots of drink carts around. Over the 2 days we met and got autographs from Mickey, Minnie, Pooh Bear, Goofy, Pluto, Tinkerbell, Buzz Lightyear, Sleeping Beauty, and Rapunzel. You can but autograph books in any of the stores. We bought coloured felt pens as well as we thought it would look nicer in the book. We brought our own stroller but the ones for rent there were nice and had rain covers available (but didnt recline so wouldnt work for a newborn or little one needing to lie down to sleep). Our kids were given lits of Disney stickers by staff as we made our way through the park. The Waterworks show was fun as well and worth seeing. You can see almost everything in 2 days with young kids but a third day would make sure you saw everything and were able to get to your favourites again. We all loved it!
If you have every been to a Disney park in the states you will be shocked by the size of this Disneyland. Its a quarter of the size of Disneyworld but still fun in its own right. The park has a lot of similarities to what Disney in the states but everything is scaled down. The rides are ok but we could tell they were still in the building phase of many new things. Would maybe go to again but only if it was larger. We went and were done in half a day or less!
It is indeed for the family. It brings out the child in you. It is worth the time and money. It could have been more wonderful if we don't have to walk too far from the parking going inside because just walking that distance is effort already. The energy could have been used visiting every attraction. One day isn't enough
I've been to Disneyland LA, Paris and Japan, and had the time of my life. However, I couldn't say the same about Disneyland Hong Kong.It was just too crowded and the people there were so uncouth   cutting queues was a norm to them, with everyone pushing and shoving to get in first. I could see no proper queuing system and everything was just so disorganized. This really made the experience so disappointing, what with the added fact that we were caught in the sweltering heat (advice: don't come in Summer).There weren't many rides either   most of them were for kids. Only a handful of rides for adults, and even so, the queues were so long they weren't worth the waiting time ( 45 mins for most rides).Shockingly, the staff could not speak English. You would think that Disneyland staff should at least be bilingual. We tried to ask them for Buzz Lightyear, and the staff thought we were asking for directions to the bus stop. We gave up asking eventually.The fireworks at the end of the day were so so. They were better in LA where they had a parade leading up to the fireworks as well. To sum up, my opinion would be to spend this day on other attractions in Hong Kong. The day would have been better spent shopping or eating; you would be less disappointed.
The rides and fun is never ending. Its very huge and also crowded on most of the weekend with que for popular ride for more than 1 hours. Number of souveniar  gift shops.  Various eating joint
I have read so much about HK Disneyland being small.  It was great!  We really liked Grizzly Gulch and the RC Racer.  The Mystic Manor was just okay.  Lunch was (of course) Asian, but pretty good food.  We all had a great day.
Exactly what you would expect from the disney experience with a few rides unique to HK. Our son really was a little younf for the park to enjoy it too much but he still loved meeting the characters and of cause the small world ride.There is quite a bit of rennovation going on there at the moment, particularly on the toy story zone so worth checking which rides are open before visiting.
well as usual a lot of travelers are aiming to go to this place wherea lot of disney characters are to be found like mickey and minny mouse,donald duck, winnnie the pooh, cendirella, snow white and a lot more cast.. So far what i dislike was i lack some time to tour the whole place because it was so wide and i don't know which and where to start...
Been here last May 2013 and it was a great experience! The rides weren't as daredevil as in HK's ocean park or SG's USS but the kids will surely love it.   Do not miss the lion king show at the theater, the parade and the...More
The design and construction is similar to Orlando Disney, but the size is smaller.  It opens from 10am to 10pm.  I went with my family at about 11am and enjpyed the rides.  At 1330 we have to leavt the park, because it gets so much...More
My first Disneyland visit, it was Great. Disneyland is not about thrill rides but more about Stage shows and Beautiful,stunning and story telling rides.Went on a Monday but still had to wait for 30 minutes for a most rides. By afternoon discovered about single lines and fast pass which are a must use if you want to see the park in a single day. Wasn't able to complete the whole park in a day but the rides and shows i really enjoyed were Shows  Festival of Lion King , The Golden Mickeys , The Fireworks at the closing Rides  Mystic Manor, Grizzly Runaway Mine CarThe rest were also good, one should go to Disney to enjoy its beauty and visuals.
We have been to several Disney parks. Hong Kong Disney is a wonderful mix of all of them. Not as big as some but the quality is extremely good. Now two new areas are open and the park is great for all ages. There is really something for everyone.
Ocean View still is better... I should have listened to the review.. Grrrr... The time I spent in HK Disneyland would have been better used in shopping... Grrrr
HK Disneyland pales in comparison to Japan's Disneyland but the staff were very versatile in their linguistic skills hence they were very helpful to us. The rides are more family oriented thus it will not be as thrilling as universal studio's rides.This is my 2nd time to HK Disneyland. It was crowded when it was first opened and it was understandable. This time round, I went on a Monday, not expecting any crowd during the off peak period but I had to wait up to 30 to 45 mins for many rides. i also had many terrible experiences in the Disneyland as the tourists were really very rude. They nudge and bump into people inconsiderately, holding no reins on their children who modeled the adults' behaviours. The worst of all, is when tourists came up to the shopping basket that I am holding, to shop for the things that they want to get from my selections. No, I was not dressed up like any Mickey Mouse or anyone alike to the Disneyland staff to warrant for such rudeness.I would say that Disneyland is still a great place for families and kids but my advice to interested tourists is to avoid peak holiday period as the experience of the company whom you hang out with in the place of interest makes a huge impact to your traveling memory.
My first time in Disneyland, i didn't expect its still so very crowded because its weekdays but i think it doesn't matter what day it is because every kids would like to see Mickey Mouse and other disney character, it was fun riding in Grizzly Miners and the Space Ride it was all breathtaking!!!
As we had been to Anaheim Disneyland, we were happy to try just a few rides this time. Our visit was mid week in early July; in other words, not a really busy time. We arrived on a (nearly empty) train at 3.30 p.m., and, having waited for the fireworks at 9.00 p.m., we joined the orderly crowds on the packed homeward bound train. The crowd began securing vantage points at least an hour before the fireworks began, but the display was well worth the wait! There are very few seats, so be prepared to sit on the ground. Of course, the fireworks are overhead, so you can see them from just about anywhere in front of the castle.In the six hours we were there, we saw Mickey   s PhilharMagic Show, with wonderful 3D effects and The Golden Mickeys, a 30 minute performance, recommended for its top class costumes and choreography. The commentary was in Chinese, with English subtitles, but all the songs are in English. We were nearly first in the queue for the latter, but had to wait for 45 minutes, with hundreds behind us! (The theatre holds hundreds, so everyone was accommodated, although it   s a rush for seats once the doors are opened!) Our ride on Dumbo entailed a wait of 20 minutes for a 3 minute ride, with a 10 minute wait for a 3 minute ride on the Teacups. There was no waiting for the Disneyland train at either station. (You have to disembark at each of the two stations; if you want to continue straight away, you have to line up again to reboard.) The wait for the Jungle River Cruise was minimal. (We had a very enthusiastic guide driver here! Her mock horror at the submerged    crocodiles    and erupting    volcano    added to the drama!) Later in the evening, we saw a lengthy queue (40 minute wait?) for the Carousel.I   m sure it   s possible to spend more time in the lines and walking to and from the attractions, than is spent on the rides themselves. Obviously, the more rides you want to enjoy, the more time you   ll need to allow for lining up, especially in holiday time or at weekends. We found it was worth planning the attractions according to the daily timetable and the rides according to their proximity to each other. The Disney Fastpass may be worth investigating. If you can spare the time, the value for money 2 day pass would probably allow all rides and attractions to be experienced.We were disappointed that there didn   t seem to be anywhere to buy just a cup of tea or coffee and to be able to sit down inside in air conditioned comfort to drink it. We eventually settled on the open air River View Caf   in Adventureland. When I asked for a glass of water, I was brought a mug of ice cubes, the waitress saying,    I can   t bring you water.   !!Just being in Disneyland is exciting! The attractions are kept in pristine condition     all the Dumbo elephants looked as if they   d been freshly gloss painted   and the grounds are litter free. The hedges and topiary trees are trimmed to perfection and signage is ample and accurate. Guides wore name badges and were friendly and easy to find.Yes, the queues will be long at peak times, but we found that by planning our day, we better enjoyed the magic of Disneyland.
If you have been to Euro Disney, Disney World Orlando or Anaheim Disneyland, you must agree that the one in Hong Kong is not worth to visit. However for HKD 450 one day ticket, I would say:   not too bad.  The park is a lot smaller than Magic World Orlando or Euro Disney, and the variety of attractions are also very limited. Oh the Lion King Show is also worth visit. I really enjoyed the bi lingual performance (Cantonese and English). But the 8 PM fireworks in the Sleeping Beauty Castle is a MUST SEE! I think they did a great job with the fireworks, better that what I saw in Disney World Florida nor EuroDisney in France.
The park itself is very well kept and a great place for the kids, but as a parent having to wait 50 minutes in line for nearly all rides and then getting a ride under a minute is completely unacceptable. The kids were so disappointed. Disney is far too greedy with this and I would probably not visit again because of this. What a shame.
Reading reviews here, I was really skeptical   almost not in our itinerary.Yes, we encountered some people cut queue, their modus operandi   1 person got front first and then he called the whole gang to his place as if he was queuing from the beginning.But that experience apart, we had good time. We went there from morning to night. From ride to ride until the gorgeous firework with good musical background   indeed magical.We had Halal meals at Tahitian Terrace and for prayer, we went to the City Hall where we were given a nice room to pray.Buying toys were also great experience, too many to buy.
My wife and I are huge Disney fans, and were very excited to visit Hong Kong Disneyland for the first time. We arranged to spend two days in the park (two day tickets are only slightly more expensive than one day tickets, and much less expensive than other Disney parks throughout the world). Although the park is smaller than the other Disney parks (and wow is that castle SMALL!), there is plenty to do here. The new Mystic Manor attraction is absolutely fabulous!! The Disney Imagineering team have pulled off a new masterpiece with this attraction. Everything from the exterior, to the pre show, storyline, Danny Elfman track and ride itself are completely amazing. My jaw dropped after our first ride, and we rode this nearly a dozen times over the course of the two days. We were at the park on a Wednesday and Thursday, and the park was quite busy both days. The way to manage the crowds is simple   get there early and stay until close, doing the low capacity rides first thing in the morning. Use the fastpass for the 3 attractions that have it (people seemed clueless about fastpass   I saw visitors handing their park tickets, FPs for the wrong ride, etc. to the cast member at the FP entrances). It must be a nightmare for the cast members working at the ride loading areas.. so many people seemed confused about how to even enter a ride vehicle! There might be a little pushing and shoving every now and then, just use your elbow when necessary. I'm still trying to decide whether HK Disneyland or DL Paris has the ruder guests. Anyway, there is plenty to do to fill an entire day despite the Magic Kingdom being the smallest of the five in the world. It's a Small World is the best version out there, and Space Mountain is great also. Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Minecars is a fun rollercoaster, and there are plenty of other attractions to keep busy. Be sure to see both the Lion King show and the Golden Mickeys, two top notch shows. You need to show up early for both to get access into the theatre, especially the Golden Mickeys (at least 30 minutes for this one). We tried 3 times for the Golden Mickeys, but only about 10 minutes before showtime. My wife and I were lucky to be the last two people accepted from the standby line on our third attempt. Everyone seems to complain that this park is so small, but it still has more attractions than WDW's Animal Kingdom and Hollywood Studios parks. Be sure to stay until park closing   by 8 PM, nearly everyone is preparing for the fireworks show and the lines really empty out. The Runaway Mine Cars were a walk on from 8 PM to 9 PM, and Mystic Manor ranged from a 10 minute wait to walk on during this period as well. As with all theme parks, also be prepared for very expensive (and low quality) food and drinks.
While smaller than other Disneyland parks we have been to, there was still plenty to do for the kids (and adults) and the crowds weren't too bad (they are much worse at Ocean park!). Recommend using the fast pass (free at this Disney!) to save time.
This is a much smaller than normal disney but worth a visit if you are a disney fan like me. We visited the Big Buddha at Lin Po Monastery first and that filled our day.
Growing up in Los Angeles, I had the chance to Disneyland in LA a lot of times. Besides the difference in size, the biggest difference is the atmosphere. I didn't feel the  Happiest Place on Earth  atmosphere here at HK Disneyland.
My wife and I visited Hong Kong Disneyland yesterday. It's an amazing place with great rides, attractions and atmosphere. We visited on a Friday and boy was it crowded. I shudder to think what it would be like on the weekends. We could only last 5 or 6 hours there though because it was just so hot. Nothing the park can do about that   but I suppose my suggestion is that if it's an option then try to avoid going in the hot summer.The park has many attractions and I would say it would take at least 2 days to see it all if you were so inclined. Getting in there is easy   take the MTR.
This was my fourth Disneyland. It compared similarly to the others. It might just be my memory playing tricks on me, but perhaps there were fewer fastpasses. Either way it didn't prove a problem. We arrived mid morning and stayed until closing. We didn't feel the need to go on every ride, but did go on those we enjoyed the most several times. It is a happy and fun filled place for people of all ages.
It's not on the scale of The USA sites or Paris, however Hong Kong Disney is still a great day out and you get more than the burgers offered in other locations
The rides and all the other attractions are created only for kids. We went with an expectation of a similar experience as Universal studios SG. I guess for that you should try the Ocean Park
Reading reviews here, I was really skeptical   almost not in our itinerary.  Yes, we encountered some people cut queue, their modus operandi   1 person got front first and then he called the whole gang to his place as if he was queuing from...More
I think for a quick fun family day out when your only in Hong Kong for three days this is great, i wasnt expecting it to be big, you can tell that from the map, i wasnt expecting lots and lots of big rides, you can tell that from the price, but i got everything i was expecting, a fun day out going on a few fab rides and spending some quality time with my husband and kids, laughing all day, although it did rain very heavily and we all got very wet. I have been to Orlando Disney world, people please do not try and compare this one to that otherwise yes you are going to be very disappointed, this is like Lightwater Valley in England. The rides are great, tip goes as single riders and you cut the waiting time from one hour to 10mins, the corner cafe does the best burger you have eaten and please take a umbrella as when it rains it rains. The only comment i do have is there are to many suverinor shops with all the same thing in and the characters need to walk around more and not just hide in the back, that was disappointing, i expected more of the characters, i.e tigger, pooh bear, goofy to be walking around. But for a good fun day out.....if we come over again we will be going back, plan your day and take rucksack, you can take your bags on the rides and they even have little pockets in the seat backs to out things in. The cost is good, that you can compare to USA one, you can buy 4 tickets for the same price as one ticket to the USA.
You would need more than one day to explore the place, and enjoyed all the rides.Avoid summer days at all cost, blazing HOT!!! Visited in mid July, I skipped the Tomorrowland, and left the place early because it's simply too HOT. Bought at least 5 6 bottles of iced cool soda drinks and stay within air con gift shops during most of the day, to beat the heat.Avoid June July, unless you like it hot.
Spent about a day and a half at the park on a weekday. The new lands are really nicely themed and both Mystic Manor and Big Grizzly Mountain Mine Cars were great attractions and very well done. Would recommend against going in July, weather was very hot and there wasn't much shade (especially in Toy Story Land). While the new lands and corresponding attractions were great, they felt underdeveloped as there was only one real attraction, restaurant and perhaps a shop. Compared to the other lands or lands in US parks, they just felt like they were quite small and only revolved around one attraction (similar to smaller lands in the US parks).Food in the parks was OK, but was definitely leaning toward Chinese Cantonese food. In 90 degree weather, not the most appetizing for me (far too heavy). Staff all spoke English very well although most of the park was tourists from Hong Kong China. Would recommend if you are in the area (as we were), but wouldn't make a specific trip for it at this point.
Overall, I would say that it is a variation on the original park and unique enough to make the price most reasonable.We went on Saturday of the fourth of July weekend. It was a relatively cool day with a few small showers. That said, the park was not very busy; certainly, it wasn't as busy as we had anticipated it would be. The park is smaller than its counterpart in California and there are few thrill rides; however, the themed areas are great and the  Small World Ride  is particularly delightful. Check out Toy Story Land.
If your kids love everything Disney and are under the age of 7, a trip here is worth it. We arrived right when it opened and hit most of the attractions in just a few hours. The parade hasn't changed in 3 years, but the kids still love it. Make sure you visit the Dumbo ride immediately or you could find yourself waiting over an hour to get on.
OK, so our 3 and 6 year old sons are Disneyland junkies. We have been to Anaheim several times. Its proximity to Legoland and Sea World San Diego are great. So, we had to plan a day of our time in HK to go to this park. Unfortunately (we thought) it was raining really bad that morning (Black Storm Warning or something like that.) So, the park didn't open until later. When it did open, we went. No crowd on the MRT or at the park (Thanks, rain!) The staff warned us that most of the attractions were closed due to weather, and we wouldn't get our money back if everything closes. We took the chance because we were flying out the next morning, so it was do or die. Well, the rain was intermittent throughout the day, but everything opened up and we had almost no lines. No need for fast passes. Bring a poncho, umbrella and some good spirit and go on a rainy day. It was a blast! Some of the same rides are there, of course, but this is not the same park as Disneyland. It's very different. We rode a new ride called Mystic Manor that is something like a 2013 version of the Haunted Mansion and was really great! The shows were also great. Pay attention to which language is being shown at your showing  some are Chinese and some are English, so unless you speak Mandarin, Cantonese and English, you'll get a lot more out of a show in a language you can understand.
We decided to visit HK disneyland just for one day since we had already been to the bigger one in Florida, USA. ButvI must say, like every disney franchise , its both charming and well detailed with exhorbitantly overpriced snacks and souveniers! The train ride is a must as you can get a 360 degree view of the entire park, from decos to rides...literally EVERYTHING. Didn't hop on many rodes, just one, slinky the dog....left me POKER FACED! An hour of waiting in the well concealed criss cross queue(which looks shorter than it is...apparently) and just 2 minutes of 'up n down' with typical 'disney ish' background music.The parade at around 1600 hrs was worth the tan we got in the scorching sun! Mesmirising and the character suits were soo good, they seemed almost life like. At one point, made me feel like a kid again, before I regained senses on being rudely budged by a mainlander tourist, who apparently wanted to take 'better pictures' by pushing his way in front of the gathering.At the end of the day, the fireworks were brilliant. It was a replica of what we see at the beginning or end of and disney pixar movie, except that in real life, its much more crowded!
After visiting numerous theme parks I. Australia, thinking  Disneyland Hong Kong  should be something pretty spectacular.We were unfortunately let down.Bought a two day pass thinking it could take up to two days to Suss it all out, but we were finished by the end of the first day so never returned.The park is pretty standard, however the rude nationals of Hong Kong constantly pushing in line gets more then annoying, and by the end you start pushing back. More then irritating. !!!All of the food courts are crowded and near impossible to find a seat.If I was to return to HK, I definitely would not return to Disneyland, nor would recommend others to visit. There are better attractions to spend your time and money on.
We decided to visit Disneyland having a spare day. Very easy to get there on the train. Overall experience of the park was pretty disappointing. We have visited Disneyworld and Disneyland Paris and enjoyed both but this park was a let down. I'm sure there's better things to do in Hong Kong for the same price or cheaper. Wouldn't recommend this.
Spent a whole day there...could do 2 easily.make sure you purchase the extra pass to ensure you go on the fast lanes...get in early, do all the rides you want to and then use the pass to revisit rides without having to wait an hour in a line up!ps be await it took us 1 hour in the taxi line up before getting a taxi back to Mongkok!
This was my first out of the country trip with my family. And the place exceeed ymy expectations. All the rides available were fun but the most exciting one is the Space Mountain!
Very easy to get to by train. If you have little one's they will LOVE it. If you have teenagers, NOT so much. Not many good, age appropriate ride selections for the older child. It's not Disney World, but you get to say you've been to Hong Kong Disney Land!!:) Also, tickets, food, pics, etc  very reasonable compared to Disney World. Enjoy and safe travels!!
We visited Disneyland last week with our family of 4 (2 adults and 2 kids aged 7 and 4). We all had a great time. There was no shortage of things to do for both ages. Definitely something for younger kids but my husband and I also enjoyed it. I really couldn't fault it!! The firework display at the end of the night was a lovely end and although we thought it would be chaos leaving on the train is wasn't at all. Being the number of people leaving at this time we assumed it would take ages to get a train out but we jumped on a train straight away and off we went. Very well organised and the detail was amazing even down to the train that had Mickey mouse windows!!! Loved it!
Its been a few years now since i have been to Hong Kong Disneyland, and i must say i was pleasantly surprised to be back... Great new  scenes  and rides, the amount of detail that they put into building these places is phenomenal. I would recommend going to anyone, young or old. Great new rollercoaster in Grizzly Gulch and the new Mystic Point ride is excellent!
I've been waiting for the day in Disneyland Hong Kong with my family, but unfortunately the weather was not good. It was raining a whole day. I can't play and enjoy all attractions and even can't take a photo with one of Disney character. Enjoyed the fireworks, it was amazing!
An amazing, amusement park, the staff of HK Disneyland are extremely friendly and fun. There are many rides that you can't get in the states, for example: the Toy Story part of the park, and the brand new Mystic Manor. This new place is like a haunted house, but it is not as scary. It is a fun ride, with cool effects that make everything look 3D, except without the glasses. The rides would take a little more time, but it is not too long. The rides are fun and always are top quality. The food is a bit expensive, but still great. There are lots of meet and greets for the characters, and lots of stores full of Disney Merchandise. The roller coasters are my favorite. The two are Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars and Space Mountain. Both are thrilling, fast paced and super fun. All the staff of this park are amazingly nice and they always now what language to speak to you. They are fun loving and really great, and affable to talk to. They really help you out, and they have some great games from the people of the shops, just ask. They also give you lots of tips and stickers, too. They also have a brand new event at the animation place where you can have a taste of Monster University, where you can be a student there. There is an addition fee of $40HKD, and a really long wait. I did not go in, but only the outside was amazing. Many merchandise, food, snacks and different decorations were starting to get more Monsters University themed. This is one of my favorite Disney Parks, and I have been to all of them except Tokyo Disneyland (not Tokyo Disneyland Sea). I would give this attraction a 9 10.
Amazing yes if you want to go Disneyland you have to buy ticket it's around 430 hkd dollars but is value for money .
We had a great day at Disneyland. I have read reviews where people class this as small. We did not see it all in a day   by the time you queue up for a photos and rides   we definitely could have spent another day here. And that moment, when your see the fireworks   it is indescribable   a dream come true!
Disneyland really is the happiest place on earth! While it wasn't as big as the parks In the US, being our first time it was amazing. Space mountain was closed which was a disappointment but everything else made up for it. Food is expensive but that is expected. Lots of Disney merchandise to buy, which you must do because its Disneyland! Lots of photo opportunities with the characters, Mickey Mouse etc. Best ride was the Grizzly Gulch, worst was probably its a small world, but only because we are too old and have no kids to enjoy it with, but seeing as it was part of our childhood we had to do it. Disney train is a perfect beginning to the park, as is the walk between the train station and the entrance. Disneyland is somewhere you must go in Hong Kong, no matter your age.
I agree with earlier postings about how fun the new sections are. Mystic Manor was suspenseful and amazing visually, the Toy Storyland parachute ride is pretty fun (it was a v clear day and we got a seat with a view which enabled us to see the IFC tower when we got to the very top), and the mountain roller coaster was an absolute thrill (who would've thought a killer ride AND a fun little plot storyline to go along with it). The lines weren't too bad on the day we went  an average of 20 minutes' wait time, which was doable for my 3 young children....who are all gluten allergic. We brought gluten free (GF) foods with us, and they ate them for lunch and snacks, but we saw there were foods there they could eat. After lunch, they had yummy Mickey Mouse ice cream on a stick. I don't know about all the restaurants, but we stopped at the River Cafe Restaurant right across the way from the Jungle Cruise for dinner. My husband and I were planning to eat there, with our kids eating stuff we had brought. I was pleasantly surprised by a statement on the menu that spoke to accommodating eaters with allergies   especially since there was no info on GF dining at HK Disneyland anywhere on the Internet (there was stuff on Disneys USA and that's it). The manager Jan at the River Cafe came and personally saw to it that the dishes we ordered (veggie fried rice and a Chinese stir fried veggie combo) were indeed GF and communicated to the kitchen our GF requirements. He really took care of us, and our kids were SO happy they were able to eat a hot meal after a very busy day. Thank you, Jan !!!!
When friends bought us tickets for Hong Kong Disneyland I was not thrilled. Once there I was glad I came. The park is fairly new and the rides are more fun updated versions of the ones in CA and FL. Go and have a blast. If you want a real treat, hire a guide and get the royal treatment. It will be hard to go back to standing in lines.
My husband and I wend on a HK Vacation and Disneyland is one on our itinerary. Most says that 1 day is not enough but maybe that would apply of you are visiting the park with kids around. Because it was just the two of us, we were able to explore it in half the day. It was.. well... fun! What we like most was the Mickey and friends live show, the flight of fantasy parade and of course, the fireworks at 8pm (he most amazing fireworks i've ever seen so far) :)
We were realy glad we visited the place. the lines were a bit long to meet the characters but it was a very enjoyable experience. Make sure you stay for the fireworks at night. that was the highlight of our HK visit. Would highly recommend this to anyone. Also try and get there early and make sure you buy your ticket before you get here else you will be stuck in another line.
We visited on a very hot humid day in Hong Kong on July 5, 2013. Our children are 10 and 8.It's classic Disney with an awesome attention to the details. Clean restrooms, great choice of foods and drinks and Cast Members who are polite, speak passing English and are kind and friendly. The park grounds of course are meticulously manicured and garbage picked up promptly. It's the Disney Way.As Americans, we took advantage of the fact that the Chinese haven't figured out the benefits to Fast Pass. We made use of this with Space Mountain several times and rode it a total of five times for the day. The Grizzly Mountain railway coaster is the best ride, however, at the park. Toy Story Land is also a great attraction for kids. Be aware that there is a ton of hot pavement in Toy Story Land, crowds of people and no trees minimal shade. Visit Toy Story Land in early morning or evening. Note too, that the Chinese visitors (predominantly, but also Thai and Philippine) tend to gravitate towards the shows first, which opens up the rides and minimizes the wait times in lines for the roller coaster attractions in the early morning.The Winnie the Pooh ride was curiously a Fast Pass option (?) and the wait time was over an hour. We skipped this. The Jungle River Cruise was also a popular ride, again we skipped this one too.Now the gritty details: 1.) The Chinese visiting from the mainland (predominately Shanghai Moms and Grandmoms with kids) will push and push from the back of the line, try to get ahead of you in the queue, etc There is no concept of personal space in China, so these obnoxious people will get on your nerves if you are a Westerner...if you let them. My husband and I would form a  wall  in the line between standards for our kids to be in front of us to shield them from it. It felt like we were holding back a dam of water, and I swear some had their hands in our pockets they stood so close. The two attractions where this social uncouthness is displayed in full force (Chinese mainlanders running and pushing for seats) is Mickey's Philharmagic and the Lion King performance. There is simply no need to push as seats are plentiful in both attractions. Disney has begun to make announcements during these queues to remind folks to not push or shove. There are also  line checks  in place when lines start to get long, a Cast Member will close a gate to prevent Chinese Mainlanders from piling up on themselves.2.) Announcements are clearly made in several languages (Chinese included) that there should be no camera recordings or flashes during performances and neither should food or drink be taken out. Again, to Chinese Mainlanders, no rules seem to apply and they will set up a lunch buffet in the attraction and blatantly record the entire show. Disney needs to crack down on this too. Good luck to them for the Shanghai Disneyland to come.3.) I was prepared for a lot of Chinese smokers, but the fact is most Chinese Mainlanders who visit Disney Hong Kong are Moms and Grandmoms who do not smoke at the rate that Chinese Men do. This seems to have been curtailed rather nicely by Disney into very limited, contained areas and enforced by Cast Members. We saw no smokers at the restaurants or in any of the lines. Good Job Disney! Ditto for the gross expelling of spit and phlegm by Chinese Mainlanders onto the streets and sidewalks. Happens in Shanghai but not happening here, so kudos to Disney. I'm not sure how they managed to curb this disgusting habit but it may also have to do with the lack of male Chinese Mainlanders.4.) The use of umbrellas for shade is a widespread practice. See note  1 above with regards to the lack of Chinese Mainlander understanding about personal space, and you can imagine what happens next. We even saw one lady almost take out her own eye with her own umbrella.
It's our second time here with our kids.First time was in winter time 2011. All the rides were available but my daughter was too small; 4 years old; so not many attraction ahe could get into.Second time was 1st of July 2013. Only some of the rides were available due to Typhoon warning level 3 in effect. However; we managed to have fun still and now that my daughter is bigger.Conclusion :    The staff were helpfull & informative.    They speak english.    The indoor attractions was plenty.    Despite the warning system they still managed to do the parade (my 2 years old daughter was so happy to see the princesses).Drawback :    I think when they closed all of their outdoor attractions they should give out half price entry ticket to be fair to their customers.    Sell fun & cheap disney characters rain coats (for rainy seasons) where they could make more revenue out of their Gift Shops.
i visited the magical disneyland in Hongkong in early 2010 and i enjoyed every bit of it for 2 days. Loved and almost sunk in its beauty and charm. The cute chinese kids were the 2nd attraction for me after disneyland. Will love to visit again and again. The first timers should obtain the weekly pass to save money and time etc...
I have been to the Disney Land in US as a kid but went here with my husband .It was worth to go here instead of OTP.The MTR stops right in front of DL and is v frequent. The most thrilling rides are the RC RACER and PARACHUTE DROP in the TOYLAND MYSTIC MONOR SPACE MOUNTAIN in TOMORROW LAND and GRIZZLY GLUNTCH the rest is for kids. but what not to miss is the Parade , Lion King show and the Golden Mickey award show. The timing for the show changes, make sure you watch them. To watch the show try to get in the lines early and it is worth the wait ( 30 minz   min wait ) but you get better seats and its wonderful.We missed the water parade. I would suggest be the first person to go inside ( 10:00am ) and this way you can cover almost all the major attractions.
MTR transport is efficient. I brought my own disposable poncho bought from my country equivalent to 5HK as I heard it would cost 55HK inside. But instead of the forecasted rain (forecasted two weeks prior), it was hot, sunny, and humid on the day I went. This did not deter us from enjoying the place. Its all about managing time. Though my kids were already 12 years old, it does not mean they can't enjoy. Everybody should be able to enjoy places like disneyland. Because it was hot, we had to be careful not to develop headaches by going in to indoor rides only to go out to the blistering heat, although we couldn't avoid it. As you spend more of your time outdoor than indoor, just make sure you drink lots of water. As expected, the lines at the drinking stations at the toilets were long!Some of the rides were old. For example, autopia should be changed already. Some of the rides are classic. And some were recently added, though small. Then again, everything here is small compared to its disney theme park brothers. I still can't complain. Even though small, its still disneyland.
I had my 2nd trip to HK Disneyland last month, the food is good and the staff is really helpful. Of course the place is full of fun and brings me one more good memory
Riding the train at Sunny Bay simply drowned the adult's heart in me and my husband and incredibly enriched the child in my two daughter's heart. Truly, Disney's magic touched all of us especially the spectacular fireworks show!We enjoyed the train ride around the park. Tomorrow land is simply awesome with its fantastic rides. The parade was a showcase as well. Small world is a wonderful tour. Winnie the Pooh and Friends was worth the fun. A boat ride to visit Tarzan's world is an adventure. And of course, the Disney fun wouldn't be complete if Toy Story will be missed.Tiring but the family had a very enjoyable, and fun adventure!
Early in June '13 I visited Disneyland in Hong Kong. I planned 2 days and 1 night visit, booked my hotel room in advance at Hollywood Disney Hotel and took a taxi from HK on day 1. Got a warm reception and baggage was neatly stored at the lobby. Checking was easy.We were quickly guided to the complimentary bus station that took us to the entrance of the amusement park. Everything at the park was awesome. Perfectly maintained gardens and greenery, excellent entertainment facilities, great eateries (though expensive). Overall fantastic 2 day break that was unforgettable.
we went there on 1st july. it was HK public holiday...pls take note that bag will be checked before entered the premise bcoz no outside food are allowed except baby food..we reached there ard 11.00am and tried the 1st ride ..watched the parade at 1pm and planned for another ride..the weather was so hot.. the local already prepared with their umbrellas and cap etc.. pls be careful (mind your head) with their umbrella bcoz they dont care abt ppl next to them..make sure you apply sunscreen during summer season..ard 2pm there's announcement mentioned abt cyclone warning level 3 and the rides are closed immediately due to safety reason, only indoor ride attraction are open..we are so very unlucky because we unable to finish not even half of the rides due to bad weather. .since we just bought 1day pass, so it's kinda wasted we cant try to finish the rides..there's 2 restaurant that served halal food for muslim, 1 at mystic point and another one at adventure land.. me and my friends tried halal rstaurant at mystic point, the food portion quite big..the food was okay..my advice, pls check the weather forecast before you plan to go there to avoid things happened to me..if there's cyclone warning level 1 or 2, better dont go on that day..
I went with my boyfriend to Disneyland Hong Kong, I'll just add that we don't have any children but I love Disney so it was a must. The park itself is quite small compared to the others but despite that it does still hold its own. It might not wow you if you've been to Florida, California or Paris but if its your first time and you like Disney then definitely go! The rides are pretty good, of course there's no huge roller coasters as it still has to be child friendly. Toy story land is worth a visit itself, the detail that goes into Disney never disappoints!! As you might expect in Disney because they have a captive audience the food and drinks prices are a little steep so you do need to budget for this especially if you will want to get souvenirs as well.
The moment you get inside the Disneyland train, you'll feel the excitement surround you. For those planning to come, please give it a WHOLE day. Don't go there after lunch especially when it's a weekend. There are so many things, shows, rides and all other stuff to do and enjoy! Personally I was amazed at Mystic Point's lights and effects. My jaw dropped, my eyes popped. hahaha.. figuratively of course. If the line wasn't long, I would be going back again and again. I was somehow, quite disappointed because I didn't get to see a lot of Disney characters like Cinderella, Snow White, Ariel.. I only saw Belle and I wished to have taken pictures of all my favorite characters. Anyway, Disneyland suits for all ages. I recommend and I'm definitely coming back. I just hope I didn't have to wait and suffer the long lines to get my turn to ride. By the way, I commend their restrooms. I didn't have to wait this time. :)
It was fun ad exciting , very bright . but the restaurants can be improved .It was easy to reach Disneyland by MTR . very friendly place with people smiling and enjoying everywhere.There were clear signs everywhere so no scope to get lost unlike other entertainment parks
this place requires a lot of walking. very child friendly. they have stroller for babies and toddlers. very strong and sturdy. there are many parking spaces for stroller.. buy online ticket to cut queue. you insert your card in the machine and it will print out your tickets just like that.. and don't bring anything sharp like nail cutter or manicure sets. they a have baggage check on the entrance....all the rides and games are for children year 4 and up. my son missed some of the rides due to his height. you need to spend an entire day from morning until night ( 8pm all the rides closes ). there was a fire work display but we missed that because we were almost done with most of the rides and pretty tired too..when u reach the round about go for mystic mountain and towards grizzly adventure and toy story .these are the new attractions. even on a weekday the queue was long. we waited an average of 30 minutes for every ride. please bring empty water bottles. you can fill them up at the water fountains around the washroom. water and food are very expensive. we got so tired of walking around, that we took the train ride for 30 minutes and slept inside.the train ride goes through fantasy land and another 2 more land ( i think the jungle and the modern astro land something.).even though we had to walk a lot i liked it and i will go here again. We missed the some of the shows due to time constrains. you will be given a time table and location to meet the characters and watch the shows..
My visit in Disneyland Hongkong was very nice. Friendly people everywhere, with a big smile in there face.Now   my review:Short   its a very nice place, spezially for families,, but also for all ages. The area is very clean. Its a little bit of magic wonderland.When i was there, no waiting time at the attractions, so you really can go inside and have fun.Maybe its cause of the price, but its not the only one disney resort i know, and you have this everywhere.There is only one   its small. But its growing. Some new attractions are in work. So all in all   in the next weeks you can find a very nice area with a lot of funny attractions.Must see for all disney fans
Where do i start for Disneyland. Regardless which Disneyland you go to, there is always, always something magical about the place. Although this is probably the smallest Disneyland in the world, it is still nothing short of magical, which was quite honestly, made even more memorable because it was in the days leading up to Christmas, so there was definitely an air of magic and wonderment to it!My fiancee and I went over during Winter in Mid December and boy oh boy was it cold. With the winds blowing in from the sea and mountains, the air was fresh and crisp. It was surprisingly, not as crowded as i had expected it to be. The magic begins almost instantly when you board the Disney MTR. Rides were awesome, we particularly enjoyed the Space Mountain, the Old Western ride (can't remember the name) but most of all, we truly, truly enjoyed the firework show as a grand finale of the whole day. Granted, we had to queue and the cold winter rain did spoil some of the fun, but all in all, my fiancee and I had a blast.Although some say that the rides at Ocean Park is better, but when people fo Disneyland, its about the experience of childhood all over again, rather than so much the rides. Should it be on your itinerary when in HK? Well, unless your home country has one, for me HK Disneyland is the closest i can find to reliving my childhood!
The park was great, and everything. Long lines for the characters, but that is to be expected. Had one issue at the restaurant across from the jungle cruise called Riverview Cafe. Seemed they did not like I was American, who knows. My gf and I ordered food, then two couples came after us and ordered. They ordered heaps of food, we just ordered fried rice and coke. The two couples received all of their food, portion after portion while my gf and I were starving and looking at the other couples with envy. As soon as I spoke to the manager our food came. Call it coincidence or not, but we immediately left and refused to pay. Who knows the true story, but we ate at a different restaurant called The Explorers Club and it was excellent. Just Avoid the Riverview Cafe.
So easy to get to via the metro, the train even has Micky shaped windows. As always, Disney does it so well, great fun, great rides and heaps of places to have a cold drink and a rest! Disney parade just fab.....what can I say, your in Disney Land!
This was a brilliant day out!  Having never seen another version of this franchise, it was just as I expected it to be.  Just a happy friendly experience.
I spent there the whole day....from morning until night...1. The food   water is expensive   better to take from home and also prepare snacks2. It's a lot to walk and to see so it's better to ahve comfortable clothes and shoes3. It's good for couples  families    I went there alone but still I had a lot of fun4. I was in September and the water was very good....not so hot....sometimes it will rain for 20 30 min...but you will enjoy it! :))
Although it is easy to get lost in there, with few clear signs; it is definitely one interesting amusement park. Beautiful landscape too
We were in Hong Kong for just 2 days, so we only had one day to take our 3 young kids to Disneyland. The park is actually pretty small which is convenient for someone with young kids. One day was all the time we needed. It was just a 30 min taxi ride from our hotel. We went on a weekday so the park was not that busy and the waiting time was not that long.
Disneyland is heaven for kids. It's really like a dream come true. We can meet up with all the Disney characters, see the live shows, etc. Very recommended for those who have little kids, either boys or girls. And the closing in the evening with the Fireworks was ssoooooo wonderful. I dont have any negative or bad experience during the trips. All the employees are nice and always smile.
I went to Disneyland resort by easy way that is MTR. The ticket price is fairly price for me 399HKD. I love the parade around 15:00 and firework 20:00,Don't miss to wait and see them. The souvenirs are so cute but little bit high price. should be avoid crowd in weekend. The 3D movie is very cool,I miss you HK disneyland.
Its a Great Place for Kids to get into their fantasy world. The Space rider is one of the Best Roller coster rides. There are many other exciting rides for kids and Adults. The Fireworks in the evening is a event not to be missed.
Food is teribly expensive and also very big lines you have to stand for atleast 2 hours  for all the rides and stuff and not good value as well
Much to our upset it rained or should I say poured all day long yet we loved the place just sad the street parade was cancelled due to the weather it really is a magical place loved it.
I've been to the Disney Parks in the states and my mother had told me that HKDL was much smaller and it is but there's still lots to do. This year I visited in April and I mostly took pictures with characters. There aren't as many as the states which sucks a little because I enjoy taking photos with characters the most but I guess not many Americans want to work at HKDL? Characters include Mickey, Minnie, goofy, Pluto, pooh, tigger, Donald Duck, belle, Snow White, aurora, Cinderella, tinker bell, Alice, and sometimes Rapunzel. If you're Chinese and you speak English, make sure you talk to the face characters! I find that they enjoy being able to converse with guests, since most tourists are from Mainland China and don't speak English! Food and merchandise is pretty expensive (then again, it is DISNEY) but there are some stuff at HKDL that you cannot find at disneyland or disney world so I would look around. Fireworks are okay, nothing special though.
Took Pur grand children to Disney for a day. The trip there by train was easy. The last leg of the journey is on a Disney train which fascinated the kids. An overall good park smaller Han those in America but worth the money spent. Unfortunately we didn't get to see the parade and fireworks as it rained just as the parade was about to begin.
Easy to get to by MTR, I got there for opening time and went to the new areas first, where the queues were very short. The new Mystic Manor ride is great and really worth riding. The shows in the park are really good, don't miss the Lion King, The Golden Mickeys or Philharmagic. The train ride around the park is a nice break. Food is quite expensive in the park, the burger place in Tomorrowland is probably the cheapest place to eat. It's worth getting fastpasses for Space Mountain and the Winnie the Pooh ride as they get long queues in the afternoon.
It is advisable to book online to avoid long queue, please check the weather before coming, it is always a good idea to come a bit earlier before fireworks to get a good spot.
Rides are great but some staff (especially the ones at the train rounding disneyland) are rude towards the guests.
The trip was nice, too bad when we arrived the weather was not friendly, it was raining all day. The establishment was not so bad. We had to rent a baby stroller with plastic hood to prevent our toddler from rain.
Prices are a little high, but it's well worth it given the attractions.It may not be as large as the other disneylands but it's no less fun.There are a number of rollercoasters and other smiliar attractions for the adrenaline junky, and there's also a number of scenic and modest attractions for younger kids and families to enjoy.I'd expect food prices to be expensive but they seemed fairly reasonable given it's a theme park.You really have to stay at least a full day or two to get to try out everything.You won't regret.
It is so crowded here. Imagine yourself in extreme heat, extreme humidity, same crowd amount that in FL but change the BIG american people for asians who love to take pictures everywhere all the time. Thousands of kids, really long lines.Save yourslef the pain. You can feel your personal space violated at home and is cheaper
We had a fun day,despite some rain.   Disliked that there weren't enough fast pass.  Enjoyed the lion king show, and the 4d movie, also the new sections that have opened
I have visited both Paris and Florida Parks and Hong Kong did not disapoint. I loved it. And it was the cheapest of both other parks, food, staff and layout of the park was excellent. I will visit again the next time I am in Hong Kong visiting my son.
That's my first and only disney park so couldn't compare but the journey was fantastic.Even the subway to get there is decorated with disney stuff.IWe carefully chose a non holiday week day to go and they were small to no queue at all anywhere, so we did everything as much as we wanted!will be back.
The attractions are varied and divided by theme so if you are going to Disneyland for only a day, you can choose what attraction you like most and look for it in the map. The souvenirs are a bit pricey but I think it wouldn't hurt to buy that Minnie Mouse hair band.
If you want to enjoy the entire park reach early in the morning. Don't miss the toy parade. There are many live shows in the park. Check with the information counter or get a copy of the guide which details the various events of the park. Kids will enjoy a lot. The entrance fee and other charges are more economical compared to Universal studios in Sigapore.
Me and my family really enjoyed Hong Kong Disneyland. The queue to get into every show are long but worth the wait. The show that I like the most is the drum playing show at the outdoor. Is really amazing that those drummers using bucket and cans to play, they really professional drummers.
too bad can't see the parade, only the choco train parade becoz of the sudden and long raining:( Twice went there on Monday and Saturday and still no parade
Get there early and go straight to the new rides as these will fill up quickly... You can ride twice if you are early. Use the reserved tickets when you can for the busy rides. Great fun .. Rides for the littlies as well as the adults. Make sure you ride the train and stay to see the parade. We purchased our memorabilia at the end of the day so we didn't have to carry it on the rides... Lots of great stuff... Go on a weekday to beat the crowds. Loved it...even the train to Disneyland had memorabilia in it. A wonderful way to spend the day.
We had a wonderful time in Disneyland Hong Kong. Here are my top 10 tips:1. Stay at a Disney resort and do the character breakfast. It will make your kids eyes light up when the characters come over to your breakfast table and spend 2 5 minutes with your kids... You do not get this personal attention at the park.2. Go to the park early and stay late. These are the times to try the most sought after rides such as Winnie the Poo and Buzz Lightyear. The Buzz Lightyear ride is great fun for both adults and kids.3. Bring some fruits. The food is not that great and the snacks are expensive and unhealthy. Some fresh fruits is a good refreshing treat.4. Get to the parade a 10 15 min early so you get a good spot.5. Consider spending 2 days in the park. It allows you to go back and try the best rides again.6. Watch the shows. The Lion King and the Golden Mickey. They are fantastic.7. Buy your tickets through the Disneyland resort it might not be cheaper but saves you the hassle standing in line at the park.8. If you like rollercoasters you should definitely try the Space Mountain and the Big Grizzly Mine cars9. Make sure you do the 3D Mickey's Philarmagic movie.10. Stay for the fireworks. It is a bit late for younger kids but it is worth it as a magical end to a magical day.I hope you will enjoy your visit as much as we did.
In order to enjoy the park, surely stay a night at the Disney Hotel and take a two take access ticket. Makes life much easier.
We returned to HK Disney after 2 years to see a lot of updates in the form of Grizzly Gulch and Mystic Point. These 2 additions bring a little more US Disney feel to the small HK Disneyland version and we're looking forward to more park additions in the future. Be ready though when you come during June    the weather is really hot and then it bursts into rain showers which is not a good combination. Bring an umbrella at all times and jackets for the kids. Come early in the morning and try to go to the new areas first as most lines start there.
C1 ( 2013.06.18 ) There was a great place for children, but smaller than I think. Beautiful park adorned with a variety of themes. Many families to visit, and the children looked very pleasant. I think that park entrance fee is expensive compared to the content for adult visitors. There was a great place for family tourist with young children.
Disneyland is a great place for young and old. If you want to buy some souvenirs I would suggest getting them when you enter the park to avoid the peak at the end of the day. You can do this park in a day but if you want to have lunch, look at the gift store and relax I would suggest a two day pass. We did it in one day with a baby, 4 year old and 7 year old but it was a bit rushed. The food is pretty good at Disneyland (we ate in one of the restaurants) and a reasonable price. You do have to wait a while for some rides so be prepared to wait and make sure you bring plenty of water. We stayed in Kowloon and the best way to get to the park is by taxi. It doesn't really cost that much ($30) and at the end of the evening it is easy to get a taxi back. To avoid the rush at the end of the night leave the park a little early or hang around looking the lights.If you need a wheelchair or pram, the park has plenty to hire.
I would like to rate it as good ( 3 1 2 stars). This Disneyland did meet the Disney theme but it was smaller than other theme park. Castle was small and sadly, no Mickey house in the park. As this was the first time my 3yrs old son in Disneyland, he really enjoyed every moment there. We went there on Tuesday but it was still very crowded. The waiting time before each ride was about 30 minutes. Cutting queue, pushing and shoving were common there especially while waiting for the Golden Mickey show. This indeed spoilt the fun. But, my personal opinion was that it was beyond the Staffs' control due to the very large crowd and uncooperative visitors. It was very hot in June there and remembered to bring subblock because the parade started at 3:30pm. The parade was also shorter. My suggestions to avoid long queue were: 1) buy the ticket from Agency to avoid queue at the ticket counter 2) if you plan for something lighter for your small child, go to the fantasyland and toy storyland first. Frankly, you won't be able to try every ride because of the very long queue. So, if you are staying in the nearby hotels, do consider to buy 2 days pass (very much cheaper than buy the ticket separately). I suggest to go by MTR because the Disney Train ride from Sunny Bay MTR to Disneyland was really fun and nice experience.
Great atmosphere... A place for everyone in the family...   I am a Moslem.... There 2 halal restaurants... No worries....
If you've visited DisneyWorld in Orlando, your most enduring impression of HK Disney will be  small.  Cinderella's castle is about the size of an average size ranch house in the U.S. On the up side, it's Disney : ) I know, it's not fashionable to like Disney, but I do. I enjoyed the Chinese version of Disney fastfood, I enjoyed seeing how marketing was targeted to Chinese tastes, and enjoyed watching other visitors. If you have more than enough time in Hong Kong and you've seen everything else, then by all means spend the day at HK Disney. If you are just in the mood for a theme park and you're a tourist from the western hemisphere  go see Ocean Park instead. Both will be crowded, both will be typical theme park experiences, but Ocean Park will be uniquely Hong Kong : )
Before we went we done our research and everything on the internet is correct, apart from the size, you can go around the park in under 2 3 hours. Just as well our oldest child was 4 years old, so it would of looked very large to him. Disneyland Orlando is still the best,Even the train to the theme park is a Mickey Mouse train, great entrance !!!!!
I went HongKong Disneyland June 9th 2013. I felt like a kid again when I was there. The rides are cool, the themes are excellent and the staff are nice. I was excited to try their latest ride, The Mystic Manor, but was not able to. They declared there was a technical problem after almost an hour on the line :(
The place is wonderful... A kingdom for kids and young adult. You should avoid weekend since it is over crowded. The Disney show on the road, at 13h 15h30 pm, twice a day. The Snow White Princess, birds, bees, butterflies giant flowers that mobile Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse ... dancing in the street, connected together walking around the park. It is so funny.You have to buy food inside the park since because you can't bring them from outside. I seem to back my childhood when it was here.
I have given this a rating out of three simply because it is so much smaller than Orlando or Los Angeles. Having said this , if this is your first Disney experience or if you are simply a disney addict like I am , than you will have fun. The parade is lovely and it has Space Mountain which my teen daughter loved. It has the Buzz Lightyear ride which is a family favourite , with everyone competing to get the highest score. For you grandparents going with the grandchildren ,it is great when you beat them. I found the Toy Story land disappointing as it is really quite small. The food is average and you certainly only need one day if the crowds are low. It is an easy ride on the MTR from Kowloon . You have to change trains twice, but it is literally walking across to the other side of the platform. The last section you get to go on the Disney train filled with Disney memorabilia.
Its my 4th time to visit hong kong disneyland and everytime i go there is aomething new to offer. A day in the park is never enough to experience all the magic it offers. Mystic manor ride is a must try. The festival of lion king is a must see show and the fireworks is the cherry on top. One must have a souvenir photo with mickey mouse and one will go home with a big smile. A happy place in hongkong
It was our first visit to this themed park and it was magical! There were a lot of attractions and rides as well as shops for souvenirs. The park has a lot of food stalls and cafes. The  It's a small world  ride was great you must not miss this! The Disney parade was awesome with all the Disney characters dancing on the street and the highlight of this trip was the spectacular Disney fireworks and sound show. A memorable experience it was.
I LOVE Disney, but this park just didn't have quite the same feel as the USA Disney resorts. The magic wasn't quite as strong. The details weren't the same. There was trash on the ground and the people weren't as friendly. But, it was still a wonderful visit and a LOT cheaper ticket prices than a visit to the Disney resorts in the US.
We spent 3 days at Disneyland Hong Kong, it may seem like a lot of time but it was so nice not to rush our 7 year old daughter and to enjoy the park at a relaxed pace. I had already been to Disneyland in Anaheim California & Paris, and was not sure what to expect of Disneyland Hong Kong. We were very pleasantly surprised, all though smaller in size it was just as spectacular and magical as the other Disneyland parks I had been to. We were there in Early October which was perfect, the weather was lovely and not too humid and the queuing for rides were no longer than a 10 minute wait (max). As it was Halloween time the park had been themed towards this and was also open later on some nights (if I remember right 10pm or 11pm). There are plenty of characters to be seen all over the park and they are very easy to find.......more than I have found at the other Disney parks I had been to.We stayed at the Disneyland Hotel that was perfect and convenient if you needed a break from the park for an hour or 2 during the day.Favourite ride was Grizzly Gulch......hang on to your pants.Hong Hong Disneyland will not disappoint the Asian culture adds to the experience!!!!!
Great atmosphere... A place for everyone in the family...   I am a Moslem.... There 2 halal restaurants... No worries....
If you've visited DisneyWorld in Orlando, your most enduring impression of HK Disney will be  small.   Cinderella's castle is about the size of an average size ranch house in the U.S.  On the up side, it's Disney : )  I know, it's not fashionable to like...More
I think its a must go place in HK for kids?  Personally I do not like Disney HK as I felt it is small and with too many mainlanders now making the place roudy.  I very much prefer Tokyo Disneyland too.
a place for the young and old! my kids love it...we were there at 930am. but the theme park opens at 10, and the rides open at 1030, so if you are going, go around 10 1015 to avoid the queue and morning sun. Bring sun block if you are going during summer, possibly an umbrella. There are two fast pass ride and only the magic mountain is worth the fast pass effort...:)
We went here on my birthday honeymoon and out of everywhere I visited in Hong Kong this was the worst experience. I absolutely hated it and it spoilt the Disney illusion. The mickey mouse train to and from was the best part of this experience.If visiting be prepared to be pushed out the way and people to queue jump and dirty looks when you won't let people past or you tell them there is a queue. There is no such thing as personal space either. Whilst in the queue the people behind were that close you could feel the spit on your back as they were talking.Save your money and visit ocean park!!
The new rides Toy Story, Grizzly Gulch, Mystic Manor are very good. We go there on Friday the queue is not that long. The burger and turkey leg are very good.
It was my first time visiting Disney Land and it happened in Hongkong. And during that time it was newly built as well. It was very magical..Love the performances...I've been to Disney World in Florida, USA multiple timesyet my fave is HK Disneyland.
Excellent theme park though its the smallest of all Disney Parks.Great and friendly service by the staff. Do avoid the peak seasons and the queues will be very manageable. Do avoid going during summer as well as it can be quite hot.This is a place for children and adults and it's the happiest place on earth! Ocean Park on the other hand is not suitable for young children.
What can I say, it's the happiest place on earth after all. Since I haven't been in other Disneyland theme parks, I don't really have a basis for comparison. But for me, this is a fun place even for a not so teen anymore person. The Grizzly Gulch is a must! I would go back there just for it. Although the real adult me would have preferred theme parks with more extreme rides.Unfortunately they don't allow you to bring water snacks inside, and the water is too costly.
Perfect for the little ones in your life. The park was lots of fun, easy to get around and lots to see and do for a fun filled day.Most rides were suitable for children, no long lines on the day we were there. Had a great time.
We went there in July around 3 years ago and enjoyed every minute of it. Our children were 6 and 3 (almost). We stayed for 2 days and nights in the Disneyland hotel from where a free shuttle bus service is available which goes to the park every 15 minutes. We spent 2 full days at the park and the kids enjoyed themselves a lot. It is good for small children who felt like they were in a fairy tale. We loved the fire works at the end of each day. However I won't recommend it for older kids who would find it boring.
My family and I went in the afternoon because we thought that we just wanna see what it like...The place is wonderful...A kingdom for kids and young adult...For adult, I think it's better to go to USS in Singapore, because the game is more exhilarating...it's quite warm in the summer, but you can cool yourself at the shops or restaurant inside... Don't bring any food, because you can't bring them inside... You must buy their food if you want to eat something inside, but don't worry, for those who's a vegetarian, they have veggies menu also... And beware that the size of food is quite huge for most of Asians people... Better order one serving first, and if you need more, you order again, they only take little time to prepare the food...
Good hang out for family & kids... no complaints... perfect professional crew with fully managed team
Easily accesible by train we travelled easily to disneyland. It was a hot day with temps upto 35 degrees but enjoyable nevertheless. The highlight was the Mickey show , it was very well presented and its interactive and fun. We also enjoyed the boat ride and touring through all the various displays for the different continents. Very well put togerther. Lots to do and enjoy. We also enjoyed the parade at the end!
Visited in late May 2013. Perfect time to go as it was not overcrowded. It rained on and off but not enough to ruin our experiences. Eating at the Banquet Hall was lovely (especially the free soup), and the children enjoyed the rides. Had photo ops with plenty of characters and were in the front to see the main street parade. Great for children (of all ages). We will be taking the children again next year. Took the shuttle from the Disneyland Hotel which was very convenient.
Okay I've never been to a Disneyland before, but for my first time it was totally fun. It rained most of the day but, if you don't mind getting a little wet then the rain didn't matter. The longest queue was 45 mins and some things I got into straight away. The food was really good and plenty of shopping. Overall I had a great day and would return again.
Hong kong Disneyland is such an awesome experience. i have been in winter and summer and found it not to crowded. kids love it and its perfect for younger kids as its not to big. i have stayed in both hotels and loved both but the Hollywood hotel is best. the cast members are awesome and i can't wait for my next trip! i recommend three days to see all the show go on rides and have second goes. i found things to be surprising reasonable to buy.
I think this is the cheapest Disneyland as far as ticket prices go? It is a cute little mini version, but only has maybe 4 rides for kids who love the fast ones. My kids are 6 & 7 and were bored to tears by the slow rides. We ended up going on Space mountain 4 times, Grizzly Gulch twice, etc. We would have gone more if the lines weren't 30  minutes long. As a previous poster mentioned, the crowds here are extremely rude, and not above shoving little kids in crowded areas. I can see why some of the workers might be a little crabby. Take a patience pill before you walk in the gates.
I chose a Monday to visit Disneyland. Was lucky as the crowd was not as crowded as the Sunday crowd. Lots of games for the family but the weather was so hot that from time to time, we had to shelter in those small restaurants of shops selling souvenirs.Some staff there seriously need courtesy training as I saw some answering the customers rudely i.e. those which kept on enquiring about the 3.45 pm Train that moves around Disneyland.Don't miss the Lion King show. Fantastic music and show.
We took the MTR and when you get to the disneyland station the MTR is all disney with Mickey Mouse cutouts for the windows. The train was unique instead of facing forward to face looking out at the park. It's smaller than the CA disneyland but just as clean and impressive. Picture stations with characters were extremely crowded. Food was Asian as you might expect.
disneyland in HongKong may not be the best Disneyland experience if you have visited the one in Paris or America. For me, it was phenomenal....i am extremely thankful to the people who provided that opportunity. At the cost of sounding cliche... i must add,   There are some things money can't buy . The parade will enthrall you, the rides are meant to make u feel like a 4 yr old, the layout of the park is excellent since u dont have to look too far for the next ride, show or eating place.... and yes... the 3 d as well as the live show are fantastic! Infact the music lures you and if you are a lover of the disney fairytales... u are in for a treat... so dont miss it. remember to carry an umbrella if its late may or june and wear a good sunscreen... have fun!
Memorable trip to Disney. My 3 year old loved toy story land. Could do with more attractions such as Cars and more characters for children to take pics of. Would definitely recommend for a visit
Too Small and Overcrowed with Obnoxious Visitors from the world's most populous country who have no manner and don't know what civilization mean.  The place itself is very small (too small) compared to other Disney property around the world
Everything here is brand new and perfect. Just as magical as all other Disneyland we've been to in the US   absolutely perfect. the 'handlers' are a bit strict with their job, making a few kids cry because time was up! but thats the only thing we found wrong.
Been to Disneyland in the States in LA a few times. But if you can not make it to the States. Hong Kong Disneyland is a must. Not as big as the original one, But so many things the same and it brought back memories from my 1st visit as a young 13 year old back in 1974. One never is too old for Disneyland.
If you are in HK then please spend an entire day (and more) at Disneyland. The park has rides suitable for everyone   from kids to adults. Wait for the fireworks show at around 7:30 8;00 when the park closes.
Having gone to the American parks before, you will feel that this one is much too small, but it is great to see what a Disney park is like in a different country. Their park specific attractions were wonderful. Grizzly Gulch was awesome. There were very little lines as we went on a weekday that was rainy.
I didn't spend too much time, only around 3 hours, mainly because I took photos with the mascots (Mickey, Minnie, Pluto, etc) and the queuing time for each of them took about 30 45 min on a particular weekday. The rollercoaster rides aren't THAT extreme, but still, please do empty your stomachs. Lots of souvenir shops. Half an hour before its closure, LOTS of visitors stationed outside the castle just to watch the beautiful fireworks. Not a bad experience but staying there around 3 hours is sufficient
Compared to Tokyo and Paris, this place pales   does not feel like Disney   feels like some place set up to sell Disney products
ask for me i always loved to visit hongkong i always have a chance to stay wholeday in hongkong disneyland where i can feel that im still a little kid and play around with Mickey, Minnie & goofy my kids love it too... we just enjoyed roaming around and eat, and rides all the BEST RIDES in this themepark. :)) definitely we will come back again... as we always planned and visited hongkong disneyland yearly.
We did one day here and had fun. The lion king show was very good  a must see. Everything looks the same as other disneys but was missing (in my opinion) some of the more exciting attractions offered at Disneyland in LA or Disney world. This is why I would say better for younger kids. My kids are 7 and while they had fun noted the LA one was more fun and that they liked ocean park better. 1 day is definately all you need. I would say if you've never been to Disney or have young kids worth doing,but if you are short on time and have access to go to other disney's you may want to skip. I would recommend doing ocean park more in that case.
This disneyland seems to be well set out with lots of big open spaces to accommodate the many people that go there. Easily accessible on the local MTR system. Rides are fine but not as many as other Disneyland parks but they are still developing. Still had lots of fun with lots of things to do and as with all their parks, great for all ages.
It was wonderful even for adults   smaller than the USA parks but still at least a few days worth of experiences
We bought the two day pass which allowed us not to rush while enjoying the park. Since we visited on a weekend, the crowd was larger. However, we opted to attend most of the shows durng the first half of the day (eg. Lion King festival, Golden Mickeys and Stitch Encounter) as they can accomodate large number of guests. We did not waste time queing for the popular rides, instead we took up the FastPass and came back at the designated time. We found that the crowd is thinner after 5pm and the rides which needed 30mins queing only took us half of the time or less. Overall, we managed to do more than 80% of the rides and attractions in the 2 days.We also took half day break at around 3pm to go back to the hotel, rest and come back after 5pm.Food in the park is adequate. Even for Muslim travellers, there are 2 foodcourts serving good halal food ie Tahitian Terrace at Adventureland and another at Mystic Point. We preferred the latter although it's slightly more pricey. Be prepared to walk quite a distance from the transit points (MTR and bus stations) to the park entrance. May take you up to 15 mins with little kids. Check your local weather before going. Our first day was a rainy one but we had umbrellas in our bags and raincoats for the kids at hand. These can be purchased at the stores as well. Unlike parks in Singapore or Australia, there is absence of a prayer room. Muslims could probably pray in a quite place around the park or if staying nearby, go back to the hotel to do so as what we did. There is also lack of character meeting opportunities. They don't walk along the Main St. You could only find them at Fantasy Garden or around Fantasyland only.Overall, an interesting first time experience for the kids and adults. We should be planning for the next park visit elsewhere to compare and experience the Disney Magic in other parts of the world.
HK Disneyland is fairly small compared to the others round the world, but it is still Disney and still has the  magical  feel.First time i went was during the first year it was open and i was in and out in about 2 hours. I thought it was expensive, small and didnt have much to do or see.However, after revisiting with my wife, who loves everything disney, i enjoyed myself a lot more. The Park was also bigger and had more attractions so the entrance fee was more justified but still a bit on the steep side   but everything disney is!Kids will love it, anyone who loves disney will love it, but if you dont, and cant stand singing and dancing and people dressed up as a big mouse, then probably save your money or go to Ocean Park.
Go early, enter at 10.30am, go straight to Grizzly Gulch, and walk clockwise via Mystic Point then to Toy Story. Visit these 3 new theme park first then go over to the rest , it is definitely lesser crowds. We have been to the rides twice each and walking straight into the rides prior to crowds coming in. Love it soooo much !!!
Finally, HK Disneyland has expanded. The park accessible area was physically expanded and they added multiple attractions. It used to be quite small and can actually be done in a half day trip. It's still not like the big ones in the US, but it has improved. The park remains clean. Weekdays and not during summer holidays, the queues are quite good, mostly 5 minute wait except for the popular ones which are still 30 minutes max.If you've been to its US counterparts, you'll be a bit surprised. Here, you'll see mostly Asian faces, even Asian faced Disney characters, haha! After all, it's in Asia and targetting guests from Asia ; ) Culture is also different, as you will still find a few Nationalities who still don't understand the concept of queuing (unfortunately).Stay for the 8pm fireworks if you can, it's always magical and a great way to end the day ; )Shops at the main street close later than the attractions. But avoid the first shop as you step into Main Street on your way out. It's so crowded that you can't even enjoy shopping, and this is a weeknight, btw. Skip it and move to the middle or even at the last one towards the entrance of the park. They display the goods repeatedly among the areas of the shops so in most cases, you'll find what you want in the other areas anyway.
How can I write a review of Disneyland and not give it the full 5 stars? Well, everything was terrific, especially the rides. But our disappointment was the lack of photo opportunities with the Disney characters. We only saw Mickey & Minnie twice for photo opps, but we were told we couldn't join the queue.. come back later . So we left without a treasured photo of us with Mickey Mouse. But apart from that, we had a wonderful day.
Its very hot in June! But we still had a very good time. We were very happy to see the new Toy Story Land, Grizzly Gulch and Mystic Manor. Worth seeing and experiencing. I was happy to learn that using the Visa Card gave me a 10% discount on tickets for 4pax; and that it gave us a 15% discount on the combo meals for 4 pax at Starliner Cafe.We did not have enough time and energy to line up for any of the mascots. We just rode: our favorite was Grizzly Gulch and Space Mountain! We watched Philharmagic! Fun!Ok to bring in food and drinks if you like.
Visit HK disneyland with your kids. It is one the nice things you can give to them. My son really enjoy it.
We were in line for the picture session with Mickey when they park attendant cut the line and said that it's over. I requested for at least one shot as it was my daughter's birthday but I was ignored and it was as if I was not heard.
This is the 3rd Disneyland Resort I have been to and HK Disneyland did not disappoint me! The park is very accessibly by MTR. Resort goers have a wide option of rides to choose from  the mild one (Small World) to the most thrilling (like Space Mountain!). Photos that were offered as options (and not forced) were also a good fallback for visitors. Park was clean and there was assurance of our safety. There were plenty of choices for eating places. The shows, of course, bore the trademark of a Disney production, magical and entertaining! I will always want to go back! Additional tip: you may want to consider staying in the Disneyland Hotel and continue to experience the magic of Disney and be welcomed by the characters at the buffet berakfast dining place!
This is my 1st time visiting one of the happiest place on earth! Not too mention it was my birthday too! xDDDI've never been in one and I must say it was such a... magical and happiest place I've ever visited!! I'm a huge fan of Disney, so I always wanted to visit one. Even though the rides aren't too thrilling compared to Ocean Park, I had a wonderful birthday ever! The shows are nice and wow! Fireworks is spectacular! The mascot are cute!! xD Seriously, they are like idol.. We need to chase them around and queing for some time, esp Mickey and Minnie. Sadly I didn't get a chance to take a pic with my fave disney character.. Donald & Daisy~~ ;  ;Anyway, apart from that, I felt like any dreams could come true just being there! LOLNow I am planning to visit Disneyland Japan~
HK Disneyland is a great place for kids and kids at heart! It was my 2nd time there, and they've opened up new attractions. I especially enjoyed the Grizzly ride. If you're a thrill seeker, make sure to check Disney first before going to Ocean Park. The rides are very kid friendly   exciting and not as scary!
I'm from Orlando (Ocala) and so there is not much about this place that will add to its reputation other than to tell you my 4 year old son thinks it is fantastic!! He loves it, has season passes and would go there every day if he could.!!
If you like any Disneyland then this is worth a visit. It is a bit like Disneyland Lite compared to other parks around the world and could be done on the day you fly out as we arrived at around 10:30am and left around 3:30pm.You know the souvenirs and food will be pricey but at the end of the day, if you like Disney, this place is a must visit. Even the Disney themed train to the park!
My family had a great experienced, enjoyed every rides and shows from start until the spectacular fireworks. An awesome day of pure fun, happiness, bonding moments and thrills. Good thing every details, funny antics, moments was fully covered by my 2 kids. Definitely we will be back......... Soon.
The parade of characters was the best! Lion king live shows is a must to watch. If you are tired from walking around the venue you can take the train that tours around disneyland. Be sure to wait for the closing ceremony at around 8pm as it will features the fireworks display at sleeping beauty castle.
Amazing experience. Unforgettable memories. Good rides. I just loved disneyland. Worth going their. Kids will love it. Whole day is needed for disneyland.
Took kids for their birthday. Have been to Disneyland in the USA and Paris and it was lame compared to those experiences. Much prefer Oceans Park.   The queues were annoying. I mean why would grown adults want to go on a ride obviously designed for...More
It was amazing. We went there last May 18,2013. It was a wonderful place especially in Mystic Manor,  Philair Magic, the Golden mickey show, and the rides. My son enjoyed taking pictures, and he was satisfied in the tourist attractions. One day is not enough...More
It was my second visit to Hong Kong in 2 months and this time i took with me my family. my daughter enjoyed Disney characters and we took the opportunity to take her visit Disneyland Hong Kong. although small compared to other disney park, this...More
Poor staff training. Spent 15 minutes at the entrance kiosk while they worked out my tickets. Nearly short changed in a shop by HKD 900. Not too much waiting on the rides. Less Disney than expected!
We went in May 2013, it was an extremely hot day but we had a great day.  The grand parade was awesome, unfortunately due to storm activity the fireworks were cancelled :( the staff were friendly and happy, we couldn't fault this place.
Visiting Disneyland on a weekday will make you love the place all the more, because there are shorter or no queues to play the games and to visit the washroom, especially if you have kids. There are some new attractions like Toy Storyland, Grizly Gulch...More
the last time i went to hong kong's disneyland was in 2009, and boy has the park expanded! it wasnt very crowded and most rides only had a maximum 20 minutes queue time. despite it being the smallest Disneyland, it still took us a whole...More
Disneyland should be in everyone's list of place to visit before i die. The place is magical indeed! Even for grown up. Compare to anaheim, hongkong disneyland is smaller but offer the same experience.  It's very easy to reach. You can buy the tickets online...More
Hong Kong Disneyland is the smallest Disneyland in the world. As a lot of areas are used as hotels, it doesn't provide any wow factor. The queue for the rides is extremely long. So if you love trying different rides, you had better go there early in the morning. Shanghai Disneyland will be open in future which might provide a better alternative.
Hong Kong Disneyland is a happy place that people from all walks of life (and age) can enjoy. There are just so much to see and I wished we had more time to try the rides and snap photos with all my favorite characters! The Flights of Fantasy parade is also too cute for words. Be sure to not miss it! Unfortunately, we visited Disneyland on a rainy day. The rain poured so hard just when it's about time for the fireworks display! So the show was cancelled and we just went home disappointed.  Tip: If you are bringing kids with you, give them a little more fun by asking them to look for sweepers in white. These sweepers will give your kids stickers if they ask!
perfect place for all ages esp for kids. me and my girlfriend had fun even if its just half a day tour. everything went well and the ticket is affordable. we visited disneyland last october 2012 and since its near november we had a chance to see their halloween show and its pretty much nice. i will always recommend this place to everyone.
We went here as a last stop over before going home to the Philippines from our cruise. It was a little scary going here with my mom and younger sister since it was our first time in HongKong and we had to rely on a map and our sense of direction. That was actually the reason why we didn't get enough time to enjoy all the rides. But we still enjoyed all the same!  From the moment we stepped into their very own train ride from MTR, my younger sister just couldn't contain her excitement. I love how they designed the train with figures of disney characters, it was very creative! Even their tickets were cute so we kept them as souvenir. We were just in time for the parade and that was pretty lucky because we get to see all the disney characters up close. Everything about the attraction makes you feel young again! My mom is scared of heights, so it was lucky that I have my younger sister to join me in the coaster rides. The first part of the park are the stores where you can buy your souvenirs and giveaways. The items are pretty expensive but you should expect this when you go to any amusement park. For an attraction like this you would really have to expect long lines, but the rides are always worth the wait. We enjoyed every minute, down to the most awaited fireworks show. We also experienced their Christmas town where they have their artifical snow. Our only disappointment was at how fast the time flew by while we were there that we weren't able to enjoy most of the rides. Looking at the map, I'd say we were only able to cover 1 4 of the whole attraction. I was really looking forward to seeing the  haunted mansion  but they didn't have this at the time.  I hope to visit here again soon, or see Disneyland in Anaheim! This time, hopefully, with my friends so they could force me into riding the more extreme rides.
Fortunately or unfortunately we had visited Universal Studios Singapore last year, so compared to it Disney Hongkong is old stuff. Food options for veggies is less compared to Universal Studios, I would suggest if one has been to Universal Studio Singapore, Disney can be given a go by.
it was a great experience for 1st timer to visit the Disneyland in HK. The lion king musical show and the golden mickey show are a MUST watch in Disneyland. Souvenirs all are pretty enough as for me is not too expensive even I didn't not buy much. Not encourage to bring kids that below age3 years old as it is not so convenient. Some food price is expensive but there are food with affordable price as well. Not to bring any outside food. can bring empty drinking bottle as there are water refillable nearby each of the washroom. Bring umbrella or caps and sunglasses. handicap people got priority. suggest to visit on weekday to avoid crowd. May is a bad day as raining heavily and the fireworks show was cancelled in the end. what's a pity!
Disneyland HK is well worth visiting. The only other Disneyland that I have been to is Euro Disney, and HK is not much different. Prior to going, I had heard a lot of stories from a number of people that HK Disney was pretty ordinary compared to the other locations, but I have to disagree. I didn't see any difference compare to the Euro one. The park was clean and well maintained.If you can help it, perhaps try not to go mid to late May. It was so humid that we were walking around and queuing drenched in sweat. It does not help the patience levels in a location where personal space and common courtesy is rare. Because of the heat, we tried to do more of the indoor items just to stay in airconditioning. The queue for most of the rides were long and we waited 45 minutes to get to the cars that you drive around the track. The other recommendation I have is to perhaps wait to have your photo taken with Mickey and Minnie and not queue at the beginning of the day upon entering the park. We did this and waited almost an hour with very little shade for a photo. Later on in the day, the characters make appearances in the Alice in Wonderland themed pagoda area between sleeping beauty castle and tomorrow land. The queue here didn't seem so long or hot. Unless of course you have a burning desire to have main street as your background for your photo. The banquet hall in the sleeping beauty area was affordable and not at all bad with plenty of seating and airconditioning. We caught the MTR which was very easy and brings you in at the entrance of the park on their own Disney themed train from the Sunny Bay MTR Station. I would definitely recommend buying the tickets online. I purchased the one day ticket which could be used anytime within 6 months from purchase online. upon arrival at the ticket gates, you simply go to the very far right where there are ticket machines in a covered area, and you insert the credit card used when you processed it online. The machine then spits out your tickets and away you go to the entry gates. Definitely a fun day out for the family!
As my dreams to visit the Disneyland for visit Mickeys, Minney and other cartoon friends. This place is easy to reach just by MTR.The places is nice for photograph from the way entrance around area. Attact all for a photograph with Mickey, Minney and other cartoon friends. and also the shows activities are great and enjoyable!!
Got the MRT here, it has its own special train with Disney artifacts on it!! Very fun day out, the rides are good, not extremely scary but great for a laugh, we must have gone on grizzly gulch about 10 times!! And we always waited for front row seats on every ride :) queues go much quicker then stated, the only disappointment was that RC racer in toy story land was shut for repairs :( we stayed late to watch the fireworks which happens every night. Food is a little pricey for the quality. Have fun!
This is one place which must be visited by any tourist to Hong Kong and one full day must be kept exclusively for this spot. Not only the amusement rides are spellbinding, the night fireworks display steals the show and is spectacular. This is a...More
As a child in the 1950s I was brought up with Walt Disney, his Christmas message was always awaited on TV with complete silence, nothing like the Queen's Speech!  So Disney parks from Los Angeles through Florida to Paris have been well frequented by our...More
the good: friendly, English speaking staff, not so tiring to go around, many food restos and toilets, some fans to dissipate the heat  the not so good: so hot and humid this time of the year, and when you start lining up in the heat, its...More
Disneyland Hongkong is my first Disneyland, so I can't compare. But personally I think, this park is big enough to visit for one day, and for a visitors with very hectic itenerary, I am pretty satisfied with this park. We arrived early before its open,...More
If you're in Hong Kong with kids and have done pretty much everything else, or if you're never likely to make it to California or Florida, then by all means drop along to HK Disneyland.  But if you've been to one of the 'real' Disneylands,...More
Disneyland is not as huge as the ones in LA or Orlando. Its almost half the size. dont miss the parades. It was quite hot when we visited in Aug. You should ensure adequate water is taken. Food is not an issue for vegetarians. Ample...More
Disneyland Hongkong is perfect for kids between the ages of 4 to 8, its breathtaking, magical and all. But  I still think Universal Studios Singapore is better. Disney was great and we had a blast, but when you enter the park there is no great...More
Entertaining but avoid going there during the Golden Week holiday which is early May. The mainlanders are having their 1 week holiday so the place gets really crowded.
It was my 1st disneyland, so I have no comparison.  I visited Disney hongkong twice. One on August, when it was raining for the entire day.  But my second visit on November was perfect!  It was less crowded, no rain, and not hot either, so...More
Well it is Disney, just smaller. We went on Anzac Day, spent half a day here and only stayed until 8pm to see the fireworks, which were cancelled as it started raining at 7:55pm. Did everything on offer, which isn't much, twice. Dont get me wrong, we love space mountain, Astroblasters, Autopia and the Jungle Cruise but missing rides include The Matterhorn, Submarine, Pirates, Haunted Mansion, Splash Mountain and Star Tours to name a few. It is about a 30 second walk from Fantasyland to Tomorrow land and the Disney train only has 2 stops and is about 1 3 the distance. They do have a mine car ride which is like thunder mountain and Toy Story Land, which is great for kids. Speaking of kids, this is where you take the little ones as there are plenty of photo ops with Disney characters for only a 10 min wait, Toy Story land is kid paradise and the distances are not hard for small feet. It is also easy to get a front row seat to the Disney Parade at 3pm and they will call up a few kids to take part in the parade for a couple of minutes. Also, the Disney souveneer's are about half to 1 3 the price of Anaheim. So, it is Disney, just smaller so better suited to kids.
We visited on a Monday and again on a Sunday. If you want to go on a lot of rides, go on a weekday and beat the crowds. If you definitely want to see the Disney Princesses or visit the Bibbidy Bobbidy Boutique, you need to go on the weekend. See my blog post for more info http:  savvytravelling.blogspot.com.au 2012 10 disneyland day 2 hk adventure.html
The price is a bit too expensive. We finish the whole park in 5 hours. Waste time Queue up and seeing other tourist cutting your queue.All the ride is not a fun as Singapore Universal Studio or Australia Universal Studio. I still think HK Ocean park is better.If you like Disney character, than this place is good and the parade is nice!
average compared to ocean park. Few rides are good like grizzly gulch else it is complete waste unless you have small kids who would love it. The area enemies small compared to ocean park and especially since we have been to Disneyland Paris.
The HK Disneyland is definitely small, but it's definitely fun and always expanding, adding new attractions and lands. It completely lacks the Disney Magic and is so small.Start early in the day to finish the whole of Disneyland in one day. Taking photos with the Disney characters was a highlight even though the queues were Long. Fireworks at 8 pm, Parade at 3.30 pm and the Lion king show are a must see.
I took a package from Muslim2China travel agent that include the Disneyland package. I'm not sure about the price. But for the whole package 5D4N 2 night at Hong Kong and 2 night at Shenzen cost me RM1380 per person.Visiting Disneyland was really a great experience for me. Since I bring my baby, so I cannot ride all the extreme game.But for FANTASY LAND, it was really awesome. I really loved the Disney Gold Show. Even I need to queue for 1 hour to see the show. : )Its a small world also not bad. My son really love it.If you have chance, go here. You will never regret!!!
HKD 450 for adults, 320 or children is an outrageous price for HK Disney. It completely lacks the Disney Magic and is so small that I could not believe they could charge so much for this tiny park. Take the main Castle for instance. The one in Florida looks like a real castle while this one looks like a miniature put in for the sake of making it look like a Disney theme park. The overall feel of Disney is completely missing from HK Disney. It just does not seem magical at all! The rides barring 2 or 3 are really lame...good for a 5 year old perhaps.The Grizzly bear ride was nice and the fireworks show is good at night. They have provided plenty of water fountains which is good. Snacks are expensive (HKD 35 for a small popcorn or HKD 28 for cotton candy). Inspite of reports that Disney wont allow you to carry your own food, we took plenty of it. I would have strongly argued that they cant decide what I should eat and what I shouldn't and cannot stop me from taking my own food inside (we are vegetarian so our choice is extremely limited in such places) . They looked at my bags and the food but didnt stop me from taking it in.My honest suggestion is for people to visit Ocean Park. Half the price, 10 times the size (no exaggeration) and much more entertaining. My kids agree! This is especially true if you are planning to visit Disney in Florida anytime in your life. Dont waste time on HK Disney.As of early May if you bought tickets with a VISA card, you could get 11% off at the ticket booth outside Disney. Also bear in mind that all restaurants in the park close when the park closes. This means if you wish to have dinner, it has to be  instead  of the rides. They wont serve anything post the fire works show.
The HK Disneyland is definitely small, but it's definitely fun and always expanding, adding new attractions and lands. I live in HK when I'm not going to school, and I go almost every winter and summer break, sometimes multiple times with different groups of people. It's super clean, as is most of HK's attractions, which is always great. The way HKD is set up is great for having shorter waiting lines and coming back later to the fast track lane, and it's way convenient since everything is pretty close to each other. It's also great to go on several rides multiple times, reasoning mentioned before.The food is priced higher than it normally would be, but not as much as most theme parks charge their customers. The HK Disneyland also puts a lot of emphasis on being family friendly, and being healthy, which is why there aren't any Starbucks or chains that sell food with MSG, oil, high sodium or sugar content, etc. One fun thing that most people don't do, is to observe the characters like Belle, Goofy, etc. They all have unique personalities and HAVE to maintain their character. Just observe their movements and such.
HK disneyland was our first disneyland trip and we loved it. My girl is a HUGE disney fan and she was not disappointed. Start early in the day to finish the whole of disneyland in one day. Taking photos with the disney characters was a highlight even though the queues were looong. Fireworks at 8 pm, Parade at 3.30 pm and the Lion king show are a must see. There are fastpass access (free) to some shows where we can skip long queues if you get a pass couple of hours before the actual show.
If you go here do not get anything other than a 2 day pass 1 day is not enough even 3 days is ideal if you want to see and experience all it as to offer the shows were good do yourself a favour and see the lion king show fantastic my granddaughter had a blast do yourself a favour too and go see its a small world it's great so well done we went twice the queues weren't too bad most rideswere10   15 min wait if you go to have photos with he characters there watch the lines as we found some people rude and tryingtopush in but one of the staff observed this a few times and moved them to the back food and souvenirs are cheap by our standards I would have like tosee more food choices I found that poor !if you take the train from Mongkok station change at Lai king then change to sunny hill you connect with the Disneyland train we found the trains easy to use and faster than taxis your kids will like the Disney train with its Mickey Mouse ears windows
Hong Kong Disneyland is expanding all the time 2 more lands have been added since the last time I was there,& another to open soon.There are no queues for the rides,even the popular one like space mountain.There are plenty of places to eat,& not expensive.There are plenty of opportunities to have your photo with the Disney Characters.The shows are also very good & you do need 2 days to really enjoy the park.
We arrived there about noon and were done with the park around dinner time. Some restaurants don't serve vegetarian meals and seating can be hard to come by during lunch time, however it was rather empty after the late noon parade. We jumped on rides with no lines, shopped without too much of a hassle, and had a pretty descent time. The park is smaller than the other ones in the world, but it's enjoyable. I wish it would be a bit more themed for the culture and not just all Disney related, but that;s how it is.
Since it's pretty much spring summer, the weather was hot and humid with sudden showers. Bring an umbrella, cap, windbreaker or umbrella. Wear shorts, slippers or sandals that can be wiped dry. Extra shirts or face towels a must and water is essential. Water is expensive in the park, though you can't bring in food, you may bring your own water. I suggest get one of those water bottles with a filter (babble) so you can refill from drinking fountains and wont need to carry big, heavy bottles. Get the 2 day pass, go on Sunday and Monday. Sunday may have big crowds, but there are activities that are only done on weekends and kids will enjoy it. Skip any ride with a wait time of more than 15 mins. Do that on Monday. Check the schedules before hand and bring powerpacks for your smart phones. There are interactive apps that you may use during your stay. The new attraction Grizzly Gulch is a must! Coaster is one of the smoothest coaster ride ever. No whiplash here. Plus, it's a pretty long ride. Worth the queuing time.
My 5 year old daughter and I had a fantastic time at Disneyland. We spent 3 full days there from 10am until 8pm and still left wanting more!The rides were fantastic and we loved space mountain and grizzly gulch which we went on too many times to count!! We also loved all the shows especially the Lion King show and the 3d movie was also amazing.The food at the park was fantastic with plenty of variety. We has lunch twice at the Banquet Hall in Fantasyland and loved it.Don't miss the fireworks they are amazing.Be warned however   the crowds are massive and the pushing in and lack of manners from other adults was hard to take for us.
It makes me remember why it's so much fun to be a child. Even child at heart grown ups like me will be able to maximize the stay there. I especially loved the interactive shows! Kudos to the team for making everyone fall in love with the place!
Hong Kong Disney Land is rather. Small theme park compared to any other serious them park and specially if you already seen USA Disney Land and EPCOT center or Bush Gardens, SeaWorld etc.. HK has a couple of good rides (Grizzly mountain and Space ride) but the rest is really so so. Disappointing is the train ride around the park which is very short and often nothing to see as trees overgrow and disrupt the view. Another disappointing feature is the lack of sufficient and good fast food & beverage outlets as well as proper full service restaurants. We (2 person) had dinner at the Main Street Corner Cafe and it was just average and rather expensive at 1400.  HK$ or about 190. US$!!!!!! We had just one soup, the mixed grill and the pork ribs as well two water! Another strange think about this so called  up scaled  eatery is the fact that they provide VERY small tables and the next table is so close that you will most likely rub elbows with the neighbor. They have plenty of land so we do not understand why they would provide proper dining space for their best dining option in the park. Disney HK is a one timer for us and be aware hat the entrance fee is 480. hk$ or about 66. US$ per person. : (
My trip to hongkong together with my husband and daughter includes a day in Hongkong Disneyland. We arrived by tourist bus at about 10 am on a rainy day. Upon alighting the bus, we have to walk about 100 meters to the main entrance. Walking around, I can see miniature stores within a city. We toured Tomorrowland and rode on a high speed roller coaster at Space mountain. The ride is inclusive in our entrance ticket. We came to Adventureland where we were transferred to Tarzan Island using a raft to Tarzan's treehouse. We toured the house where we can see wax statue of Tarzan and Lion. We also tried the Jungle River Cruise where several exciting attractions were seen along the way. Lastly, we tried the Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars where riders experience a thrilling ride into a mountain using mine cars. At 7pm, we ended our visit and took the bus to the airport and flew back to manila.
Hongkong Disneyland is a  must visit  when in Hongkong. Whether you're a kid or an adult with a kid's heart, the  small world  museum was awesome, it was a delightful experience bringing back memories of your childhood.The Sleeping Beauty Castle was as beautiful as one can imagine.The new Grizzly Gulch roller coaster ride was exhillarating as well as the Space Mountain ride. Though most of the attractions were geared towards the  very young  generation, yet adults will surely enjoy one whole day in Disneyland. Dont miss out on the fireworks.
To be honest   its for kids. Ocean Park is a lot more fun. Nice and clean but as expected   expensive for what you get.
This Disneyland is fun for the family, which I will recommend this to families who have young children. It is a fun experience, which I will enjoy forever. However, this one doesnt shine compared with the other disneylands.
For those who love the magic of Disney, this park is a lot of fun. From the moment you step onto the Disney train line, there is no mistaking where you're going.  The park itself is like a mini version of its American counterparts. It...More
Of course fun for younger kids (ours are 5 and 8 years), but still a bit on the small side (you can easily do it in one day). Actually, there are more shops than attractions.
Being a bit of a Disneyland buff, over the years I have visited both the American parks, Paris and Tokyo and this one, although not fully developed, it caters purely to the younger set (under 12's). This does not mean it's not fabulous like all the others but at this stage it has a long way to go to be up to par with the Californian and Florida venues. I believe it is still a work in progress. It is less than 10 years old and everything is sparkling clean and new. There are a couple of rides to keep the teenagers happy (Space Mountain, and the racing cars) but the majority of rides and attractions are for the tykes anfd their doting parents. The food outlets are terrible and are a variety of the Chinese trying to cater to the western fast food taste and failing abysmally. I have grandchildren (2 under 10) who live in Hong Kong so this attraction appeals to me and each time we visit it is mandatory to take in HK Disneyland. In actual fact some of the exhibits are actually better than the American parks and I have found that also in the other parks which do cater a lot towards their ethnic locals. Situated on Lantau Island it can be accessed by ferry or by catching a train to Sunny Bay station and interchanging to the ''Disney'' line. All very easy as Hong Kongs train system is probably the best in the world. If you have older kids this park is not for you at this stage in its development and they would probably opt for Ocean Park which caters for everybody with a much varied lot of attractions. Give it time and this park will probably be the best on offer. If you have not experienced Disneyland before though it is still worth a visit as there is still a bit of kid in everyone and the Dumbo ride, the Teacups and ''  ts A Small World'' boat ride brings out the five year old in all of us. I still give it a four heading towards a 5. That is only because I am comparing it to its older brothers who have had 60 years to develop.
We stayed far away on previous days and took early morning train to reach HK Disney. The last route, Sunny bay Disney, we switched to special train fully decorated by Disney's chatacters. Fun mood on.After checked in Hollywood Disney Hotel (see my review) we moved fast to the park! The parade was amazing with full of smiles, even under cloudy sky. Lion King show was slightly boring, but other rides joyful. Break for lunch at Tahitian, a halal food restaurant. Finished by souvenirs shopping along the main road before we left for some stuff outside. Ouch yeah we missed the closing fireworks!
i find it small and its very expensive, the food is expensive, and to be honest we had so much fun at the other theme park than here well except from the grizly bear coaster that is a good ride my son just love it! maybe i was expecting more but all in all one visit here is enough.
i went with my whole family. we had a grand time. from the food outlets, the shopping outlets and most especially the fun rides for kids and kids at heart. we went there from open time to close time. we waited for the FIREWORKS...wow sooo amazing. but the most important experience is spend bonding time with my whole family. (we are from 6 years old   70 years old) our photo time with all the character. and great shows.
Had a great day, although the park felt small in comparison to its American cousins the range or rides was good. Easy to reach by metro and a nice break from the city.
Travelling with our young daughter Disneyland was a must and we spent a whole day; the entire family enjoyed  the many attractions and rides.
Brought my wife and Daughter here and we really enjoyed the happiest place in Hong Kong. my daughter really enjoyed the meet and greet with Mickey and Friends. she also enjoyed the different kiddie rides and shows. unfortunately it closes at 8PM ( a bit early) and we enjoyed the fireworks.
Well if you are an adult this will definitely revive all your child hood memories .of mickey minnie pluto pooh lion king etc etc.Its a truly magical experience with all the wonderful memories. A must go for everyone.The only thing I could have wished for is more thrilling rides
This is truly a Disneyland for family with small kids. There are only few of  adrenaline junkie  type attractions, but plenty of  children suitable  ones. Most of the attractions are suitable and safe for small kids as young as 2 years old. We're visiting with our 2 years old twin kids and we rode most of the attractions with them and we could have fun together. There are quite a lot of teatrical shows so you can mix and match between walking around to try some attractions and sitting inside resting while watching the shows. You shouldn't miss the Golden Mickey and Lion King show so please check first their show time when you arrive at the park. For the attraction, among all the standards, I would say that the  River Wild  where you board on a boat and cruise around a man made river with all those fake animals like hippos, crocodiles, elephants, etc was truly one of the highlight.
Disneyland, Hong Kong is a wonderful place for kids and even adults. Your little ones will enjoy meeting the disney princesses. Whist, going on fun, adventurous rides! The disneyland in Hong Kong is more designed for younger kids... Overall fun trip!
Bring back fun and happy memory from childhood.  For all ages, even some say that the ride mostly for kids, but as adult u can enjoy as well Hong Kong Disneyland.  Come here and enjoy ur holiday in fun and happy atmosphere.
This park is much smaller than its US sisters, but all the charm and fun is still there. I almost prefer it   not as much walking and none of the crazy restaurant bookings 6mos in advance. We had a great time and will be back!
Hong Kong Disney will likely never compare with Disney World or even Tokyo Disney, but it makes for a fine day trip. We were able to do and see everything we wanted at a fairly relaxed pace. The food isn't as badly overpriced as I expected it to be, and as always, the quality is good. Definitely worth a day trip if you have small children.
If you've never been to any other Disneylands in the world, then you should definitely go to Hong Kong Disneyland. Going to Disneyland is always fun. However, if you've been to the ones in California or Florida, the Disneyland in Hong Kong doesn't compare to those. For one, it is not as big and therefore the attractions that they have aren't as complete.
Ideal for kids 8 9 years old. The reviews said that Disneyland HK is not big, its true, but an advantage. You dont have to do all that walking around as in other theme parks. We went there for 2 days  a Sunday and Monday. Sunday had big queues as expected, so we decided to do all rides on a Monday.. Well the queues on a Monday were a tad bit shorter than Sunday.. but they were there. Dont miss the parade and the fireworks show for anything on this earth. Its truly magical.
The small disneyland is builds for kids.        I just love the grizzly bear coaster. Super fun..  Dont miss the main parade.
It's a lot smaller, less to do and a lot more crowded. The hotels are massively overpriced. It's nice that it's by the sea.....that's about it!
We really enjoyed HK Disneyland, it was our first Disneyland and couldn't fault it.  Great day out, very magical.
I think everyone, given the chance, whats to visit Disneyland sometime in their life. Maybe I was expecting more, after all, it is Disneyland! Maybe the problem was visiting Universal Studio's in Singapore the week before. I was left disappointed, the Disney Castle looked like...More
The place is big (and crowded). We managed to complete everything, including the fireworks that was held at 9PM. The fireworks was amazing and it made the journey satisfying.
The area is very small. I can say smallest disneyland. We can finish all park within half a day. There are not many rides and no ride for mature!
I have been to 3 Disneylands in my time, and needless to say I love a good theme park! Disney sets the bar high, and never disappoints. This one is the smallest Disneyland in the world, but it is still full of all the magic...More
Having visited Disney World, Disneyland and Paris Disney this pakl feels very small with very few rides and entertainment. Food is very expensive and terrible. This was my second time to this park and I will not be back!! One of the things that really...More
If you want to relive the joy of being a child again and be amused with all the Disney characters you grew up with, it pays to visit Disneyland. I particularly liked It's a Small World, a ride where you'll get to see cute dolls...More
We cant get enough of this place..we will come back again. i think 1 day visit is not enough...My daughter had a great time!
This is of course very good experience especially for children.  The firework show is spectacular.  Very few disney characters available for photo taking.
All that you'd expect from a Disneyland and can be done in one day. Not as big as its cousins elsewhere; but plenty of fun and magic for kids between 3     8 years old. Really easy to get to on the MTR.
Although small compared to other Disneylands, but this place is satisfying and fun enough for a disney fan. Love the new Grizzly Gulch ride, even though the speed wasnt as fast as I thought it would be, it is an absolute experience to go on a ride that goes backwards.
A great place for kids.I thought it was a bit expensive though and it was smaller than I expected. Queues for rides can get a bit long too.  Sometimes 45 mins for really popular rides.
I travelled with my 11 & 14yr old kids and were all bored & disappointed with the place. The place is ideal for toddlers but not for young adults. Rides for the young adult are very limited. Food within the park is expensive and tasteless. Ocean park is way much better and cheaper.
Pros: If you like Disney stuff you'll have fun at any Disneylands. The Buzz lightyear (laser tag guns) attraction is fun. The Lion King show is really good too.Cons: Lots of rude park guests. One of if not the smallest Disneys. Also, quite far from town (it is near the airport) so if a is airport d is disney and tc is town center, it is like this:a....d....................................tcThere are lots of Chinese mainlanders   I think these are the main source of revenue for the park   so prepare to be shocked by the cultural difference: constant queue barging, invasion of personal space when they are forced to queue (they will probably be sniffing the back of your head or rubbing against your backside)   as if this shorten the queue time, people smoking outside designated areas, ill mannered kids screaming, littering and running around AND on your lucky day you might see the Disney parade as well as the golden showers or golden poop parades performed by Chinese kids.The goods: Buzz lightyear, Lion King show.Tips: Go on weekdays. Avoid queueing with rude looking park guests (the Chinese mainlanders). Get fastpass. The park is REALLY small so if you see a sudden long queue at an attraction, just come back later. It'll save you a lot of time.
We recently spent two days and one night at the Disneyland Resort in Hong Kong. The park is small compared to those in the USA and Europe but was a perfect size for our kids. We were able to cover off most the rides and shows in the two days   even in rainy weather. The Fireworks were well worth staying for and the Disneyland Hotel was beautiful. It worked really well to be able to leave out accommodation in Hong Kong for one night and stay at the resort. It made the whole experience more memorable. We paid to have our room decorated and the children just loved it. The breakfast with the characters was great even for the adults.
Disney rarely gets it wrong and HK Disney is pretty much on the mark. Great for kids and adults alike, just what you'd expect from Disney. One moan would be the ludicrously slow service we got in the restaurant on Main St, one main course came 10 mins before the other, the bill took aeons.
We spent two days at Hong Kong Disneyland and we loved it. We have a four and eight year old and their age group was totally catered for. As this was our first 'Disney' experience I think it was a great size....we managed to cover everything in two days. The live performances such as  The Lion King  were great and were lucky that the wait times in queues were not excessive.Some reviewers on here have been critical of the food on offer....we thought there was a great variety to choose from; all tastes were covered.The staff make kids feel welcome by giving out stickers and we were lucky to be in the right place to have pictures taken with all the Disney characters. My family can definitely recommend Hong Kong Disneyland as a wonderful family experience!
A full day dedicated to visiting Disneyland HK in my personal opinion this amusement park is only for little young kids, are in fact a few dedicated adults attractions.In addition to Disneyland Hong Kong I had been to Paris and I think there is a huge difference between this two in terms of attractions. The Park is easily accessible using the yellow line of the Metropolitan subway and the terminal station stop is in Sunny Bay station, from here a special train that links the station with the Disneyland Park; the train as I mentioned is special because the wagons are constructed with windows shaped like Mikey Mouse and its interior is decorated with pictures of Disney characters. Just got off the train there you'll be already in the Park, is not particularly busy and queues at the ticket office are almost no existent. The ticket is cheap and once purchased you proceed towards the entrance where some employees control tickets and make a small security check in bags and backpacks.As soon as you cross the threshold of the park lies in the area dedicated to shops, a really exciting area was recreated a small American town on 20' with all the typical shops like bakery and high number of souvenir shops.The Park is divided into zones but like I said a good 90% of the rides are exclusively for children from 10 years, anyone looking for excitement in this park we strongly advise against coming here because they would be disappointed.The only suitable for larger carousel are roller coasters, just like those in Paris, these run in the dark inside a shed and another type of roller coaster in the Far West. Apart from these that I mentioned and the African adventure area with canoes running through the scenic ride everything else is boring and even some rides would be closed immediately for too much trivia.Anyway I liked the dynamic cinema of Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck and a nice food court with many restaurants where you can eat typical dishes of the place.In any case, even if it is not the appropriate place for adults is always a pleasure to spend a day with the knowledge to return children for a few hours.
It's probably one of the smallest Disneyland in the world but it manage to at least last you for the whole morning and afternoon to enjoy the rides and shows. It's definitely baby and stroller friendly which makes it convenient for those having baby to roam in here. Bad side about this   eateries opens quite late, around 11:30AM. so it will be a disappointment for those who want to have breakfast in a Disney environment.
I was so excited to be going to Disney, its not just for kids after all!Its really easy to get to (and relatively cheap in a taxi too), we got there early, as it was opening and I was bursting to get in.Have to say, we left after 4 hours, you can't blame Disney for the heat  humidity but its hard going. There is not as much to see  do as you would expect, Oblivion was shut and overall I left dissapointed. Euro Disney is far better.
Im afraid I was very dissapointed in HK Disneyland. More retail outlets than anything else.  the show i saw (The lion King) was spectacular. the rest was just below average. I wasnt there with any kids so maybe  my views are a bit harsh.
You don;t have to be a kid or have kids to enjoy the disney, a lot of things to do and rides that as an adult you can enjoy.
No matter how old or young you are, you will have a fun day at Disneyland. We were there 2 years ago and much has changed since then and now, so we had new areas to explore. Toy story and grizzly gulch were new for us and tonnes of fun. I didn't particularly enjoy the RC ride in toy story but my son thought it was brilliant. Thank goodness he could go alone. The roller coaster at grizzly gulch was the best fun we had all day. We were lucky there were very few people queuing so we got to ride 7 times in a row with very little waiting. It was such a fun ride.We had lunch as maxims Chinese restaurant and the meal was delicious. It wasn't cheap but it was reasonable for a theme park. The corn on the cob was the best value at $18 HKD.We can't wait to go back again one day.
I noticed that Disneyland caters more to kids 10 years old and above. The rides are mostly fast and  roller coaster like . My son is just 8 and he was scared when he rode the RC ride in Toy story. After that ride, he didnt like to ride anymore of the others because he got scared. He just rode the Buzz Light Year after. There were also so many people from mainland China even if it was a weekday. the park was crowded. it was the wrong time to go because it was after Chinese New Year.
Went here in April 2013 and I was not impressed... or more like disappointed. Getting there is so easy, just take the MTR to Sunny Bay and change to the Disneyland Express. Journey takes about 30 minutes from central Hong Kong. The train is fab and so is the station and the entry... but that was kind of  it  for me. It was a cloudy day, not much people and no real queues to talk about but it took us approx 20 minutes to get tickets to get in, then there was the security line to check the bags. Not a problem but I can imagine the chaos on a busy day. You walk into Main Street and well.. its a street full of shops selling Disney merchandise and sweets... even the bread is sweet and finding anything else became a challenge. We saw Mickey and went to get a picture just to get told that the waiting time was 1.5 hours so we gave up. We worked our way around just to find 3 of the major attractions  closed for reconstruction   sorry for your inconvenience ... doesn't help me when I paid almost $70 AUD to get in. Where was the signs at the gate that some attractions are closed?It doesn't really take a lot of time to walk around, I was looking for Disney characters or themes, but I found it scarce. All day I saw Mickey once and Minnie once as well and that was it! Its supposed to be like walking into the  World of Disney , but this was more a  sell as much Disney merchandise as we can , a few half bad attractions on the side and some nice gardens. Another thing were the waiting times... as I mentioned, it was a slow day, not many guests but the wait was still about 15 minutes on most rides... as said before, I don't want to be here on a good day... I have to say that the Gulf was a really good ride but the rest of the ones that were open I could do without. I think that if you have young children and you don't mind lining up and waiting it could probably be a fun day out, but not for the older ones. To me it was more of a half bad amusement park.
For those who have been to LA or Orlando Disneyland, put aside any thoughts for comparison. HKG Disneyland is small and different in it's own way. But, if you have young kids, they'll love it. I've gone on Chinese New Year and separately mid week. Mid week is much better to avoid the lines crowds. It's still expensive and the food is horrible overall here, so don't expect much in that regard.I've gone by bus and the train. I'd rather go by train any day, plus the short Disney train adds to the overall day for the kids.Tokyo Disneyland is better, but if you're here and it's convenient go for it.
Yes, I love Disney properties   been to them all now! This Disney land is the smallest of them all. The day I was there it wasn't crowded at all. Prices are similar around the world. Main Street and much of the park are carbon copies of Disneylands USA. It was fun witnessing the Chinese families interact with their children. I think the adults seemed to be having more fun than the children! There was a garden area with shaped trees where a lot of people went to snap photos. Small World is always my favorite and this one seemed to shine. I only stayed a couple of hours but enjoyed my time there.
Being in Disney makes me feel like a kid again. Seeing Winnie The Pooh excite me the most. Good place to bring kids around and enjoy the Disney parade and the Disney experience. Inside the shops, they have lots of really nice stuff from toys to clothes and accessories. However, I must say that most of the stuffs they sell in their are really pricey. Better make sure to bring lots of pocket money if you wanna go shopping inside the Disney store.
Disneyland Hongkong reminds me of my childhood, the Disney's character. But unfortunately, I didn't take any photos with them there at that time :(The attractions are lame for me, because it's more suitable for children, but I enjoy it anyway because I love Disney :DWhen I was there, I skipped the fireworks. Oh yes, you can't miss the parade of the Disney's character, super cute!!
When in Hong Kong I decided to do another Disney Park (I've done Florida, California and Paris Disney Parks on many occasions in the past). It is easy to get to (less than 40 minutes from down town Hong Kong). The MTR takes you almost to the entrance and the walk from the MTR to the attractions takes only a couple of minutes down a wide road with character statues, fountains etc to get you in the mood   no monorails or steamboats here!The one day ticket (that's all you'll need as the Park is much smaller than the others I've been to) was just over HK$1,000 for 2 adults and a 9 years old child. I did notice that  retired persons  (not sure what the age qualification is) get a day ticket for only HK$100   so make sure you take gran and grandpa! We had a great time and managed to do everything in the one day (10:00 til 06:30) but did not stay for the fireworks (it had started to rain, was a bit gloomy and we thought that we had already been spoiled by the fireworks in Disney Florida anyway). The Park was easy to get around (the map provided was not as detailed accurate as it might have been but then again the PArk is small enough that your unlikely to get lost for too long). Most of the rides are mainly for younger children so teenagers might get a bit bored after a while, but for the youngsters its great. The Park was not very busy and we never had to queue for very long for anything and we did not need to resort to the Fast Pass at all. Best rides are The Gulch (similar to the Rocky Mountain Railroad but with a surprising  twist ), Space Mountain and Buzz Lightyear but all the FLorida favourites are there too   Winnie the Pooh, Small World, Jungle Cruise, Legend of the Lion King etc. and there is a whole area devoted to Toy Story Land.A good day out, mainly for younger kids or first timers but smaller than the USA and French Parks. Still Disney tho!
When we decided to go to Hong Kong we knew that we had to visit Disney. I have been to both the one in Florida and France but my boyfriend to neither, and as it was his birthday while we were there it seemed like the ideal time to introduce him to the magic of it all.Admittedly, I was a bit unsure at first if it would live up to my previous experiences but I have to say that it exceeded my expectations.The park was set out just like the others, with main street leading up to the different areas and the castle central to the park.I was happy to see so many familiar rides and was excited to introduce my boyfriend to them. As well though, there were new ones which we could experience together.The queue times for all of the rides was no more than 10 minutes. I was utterly amazed at this after being used to waiting an hour in America. The fast pass ootion was available on a few rides but it really was not necessary because the queues were so short   a lot of rides we even walked on. This meant that we got a lot more done on the first day than we were expdcting but allowed us to do the extra things such as watch all the shows and attend the drawing classes to learn how to draw the characters. The characters were available to meet around the park and the queues for these not too long either   apart from Mickey and Minnie at the entrance in Town Square (although they were also in Fantasy Land and the Grizzly Gulch where the queues were a lot shorter). Professional pictures were taken and the assistant also offered to use our camera which meant we didn't need to buy many offficial pictures.Shops are plentiful and restaurants offer a large choice of food from western to chinese. There are places for snacks, fast food and sit down meals as well as the ice cream and popcorn carts dotted around for refreshments.All in all, a great birthday experience which my boyfriend and I thoroughly enjoyed.
This is one of the place where you can act like a child again. With many attractions, show, parade, and fireworks, this place is amazing especially if you bring the little oneI buy the ticket online and just exchange in a machine. No need to queue
we went to Disneyland in Orlando and wanted to re live this experience in Hongkong, but unfortunately it missed the mark. The place looks ok on the surface but unfortunately you can clearly see that a lot of the stuff probably was built cheaply in China?
I'm a disney girl! Being in Disneyland is a dream come true, it was great! We've spent the whole day until the park is closed!
easily accessible just like other places in HK. The entrance fee just went up to hkd450. Although a bit below my expectation, iam sure children love it and will have one of their best childhood moment here. I enjoyed most the 4D mickey philharmagic show...More
It is enjoyable only if you stay overnight so that you can enjoy the fireworks at night and other hotel amenities..Personally having been to Orlando takes the whole punch out of this disneyland which is small and more suitable for really small kids
For my kids aged 6 & 10 this was a day they will remember forever. We took the MTR straight to Disneys doorstep. Try and prebook your tickets. Although we went on a weekday there were throngs of people. No food or drinks are allowed...More
When I went to HongKong first, I tried to find time to visit Disney Land but couldn't so second time I had pre planned this and could spend 5 hours of ultimate fun there. The experience was simply amazing specially for me as I was...More
Great place to visit for the day with the kids, nice rides but you do have to line up but we went on the weekdays so there were not big queues. Kids enjoy the taking photos with the mascots and the parade.  Food is expensive...More
spotless very clean and lots of fun not as big or as good as the states but was still a fantastic representation of the real thing need more white knuckle rides tho but all the kids loved it.
There are new toys for us to join. Toy story land with the spring dog, parachuting...it's fun! Grissley Gulch mine train is the best...up, down, curve, forward, backward...very exciting.
Hardly any lines at this time of the year... Park is clean like the ones in the US... Friendly staff and Mickey Mouse is not Chinese.
They nailed this resort down perfectly this was an amazing experience they my daughter will not quickly forget. Designed for the masses and everything works perfectly. And the fireworks show at the end of the day is a great end to an amazing day.Expensive as you would expect but absolutely awesome....
My partner is very much into Disney. I have been to EuroDisney in Paris.This one does not have as many rollercoasters as some of the other theme parks around but does still have a few very fun ones for the older kids around like me :)There are chances to get your photo taken with a few of the characters if you are in the right place at the right time and don't mind waiting. A great day, especially if you are with kids.
What would there not to like at Disneyland. Great for younger kids as it not too big or overwhelming. The fireworks at night are spectacular & overall just a lot of fun.
The thing I've enjoyed in this theme park is their theatrical presentations which were superb. Sans the rides I think I can still enjoy this park. This place caters more on kids with their child friendly rides  which is a bit boring compared to others. But all in all the park is really worth your visit a good place to bring kids because for sure they will like the place
As Disneylands go, this one is very good and much better than the comparable Disneyland Paris (disregarding the studio). In April there were very few queues. Major rides like Space Mountain, Runaway Mine Train and the Buzz Lightyear ride had no queues at all. Also, unlike the Paris park, there's a Safari Cruise Boat ride like in Orlando and a Lion King show   both of which were excellent. Also, very easy to get to by the MTR from central Hong Kong. The special Disney MTR train to the park was exciting in itself.
We had a great time at this park. It's smaller compared to other Disneyland, but it has many wonderful attractions to offer. My kids (7 and 3 years old) loved it and wished we could stay more days in Disney! We would definitely go again if we are in Hong Kong
Great day trip. Fab train system with themed windows and handles on the subway from Happy Bay onward. Lovely people on approach. Highly organised theme park. Far nicer than Orlando, Florida. Very clean. Friendly people. Loved the fact that many adults were wearing costumes and fan fare head attire. Really lovely place based experience for kids and sympathetic adults. Our li'l giel had a fun time, and we found it stress free and really enjoyable. More Australians should come here   So close, affordable and such a well mannered option. Loved it. Especially the Buzz Lightyear Blastoff ride   Did that several times over. Meeting Minnie was really sweet and strangely less artificial than in Florida. Loved this experience. recommend it to others for a neat and sweet day trip.
Disneyland was excellent!!  A must for families with small children, our kids were 3 and 5, they thoroughly enjoyed it and could go on all rides, which was excellent!
As a Disney geek, I felt compelled to visit HK DL, but was a little concerned that the park would be too small with too little to do.For us it proved to be a break from our long SE Asia tour and just a plain old fun day.There are fewer rides than at WDW or DL, but they are pretty good  especially Space Mountain and Grizzly Gulch. Kids will love the shows and the smaller rides in Fantasyland. Mystic Point  including the HK DL version of the Haunted Mansion  opens in May and we had the chance to peek at it. Looks amazing!If you find yourself with a 4 6 hour window and want to go, it's easy to take the MTR train and unless you are the kind of person who looks at everything and goes to every show, that is more than enough time.
Its like a very dreams come true. Beside meet all of the Disney's character, it also make your dreams come true by the fireworks performance at the end of the show. The staffs are very helpful.Must see Golden Mickey Performance! awesome!
Enjoyed taking my kids (9 and 11) to HK Disneyland. Found the queue times reasonably short, I think the longest was 20 minutes at Space mountain (highly reccommend) also i found they were quite generous with heir wait times, some rides would say 15 min wait when it was only 5. very enjoyable day, not as good as USS in Singapore but on par with Movie World in Australia.
not one of the best Disney's i have been to but i still enjoyed it and there was no more than a five min wait to get on the rides
For those who don't want to travel all the way to Los Angeles, this is a good alternative, though it is smaller than a lot of the other Disneylands. Also half of the events are in Chinese, so you will need to be aware to the language options that you have. However, if you have never been to Disneyland, then this is a good taste of what to expect.
Disneyland is magical, every visit to this theme park is simply a great experience! Words cannot describe the magic of this theme park! It's just you feel like a child again!Everything was so much fun and everyone was so friendly!! The park was so clean. We went to Disneyland Hongkong last December and I love the weather, not too hot, not too cold! Perfect!This truly is the happiest place on earth. can't wait for the next visit!
If you are a Disney fan then you must check out the park.  It is geared more towards smaller children but still worth a visit.  The tickets are less expensive than in the USA, which is a bonus.
At HK Disney, you can get to enjoy everything disney without the attendant stress of queueing as in the other Disney locations. Though small, but it serves the basic standard with character greetings and photo sessions, readily available and easily encountered. A nice experience for all lovers of the lovely mouse  Mickey and his friends!
A great place to visit with family and friends.. A lot of rides to enjoy, and fireworks to display to end the day.. Il definitely visit it again when I get a chance to be back...
Never to old to experience Disneyland.  Not as big or as many rides as the US disneylands, but still plenty to do and has the magical feel.
Went on April 11, 2013, a Thursday. Day started out overcast, but ok, and as soon as we stepped off the special Disney subway car, the skies opened and started to pour! We almost turned around, but decided to go anyway. It ended up much better than my rain sodden expectations would have let me to believe. The prior reviewers are right   it is smaller, with a less expensive entry ticket, and I can see how the PRC tourists would be pushy when the park is crowded. At the entry, they let us through with water bottles and snacks, although maybe they were lenient because of the rain. The food is expensive, and the $22 hkd coffee ($2.83 us) was somewhere between 6 and 8 oz. size. Ok, maybe I'm slightly exaggerating, but that would still make it more expensive per oz. than a Starbucks mocha! And it was a weak, watery version. The hot chocolate was much better, although the same price and size. The turkey leg was much smaller than the CA Disney one, but still quite tasty. I think that was $50 hkd ($6.44 us), and the corn was also in the $20  hkd range. My kids liked that a lot. The cuttlefish balls were double the street price ($15 vs $7 hkd), but still a better deal than the coffee. If it hadn't been rainy and cold, I would've never gotten the coffee. The french fries were the best! Piping hot out of the fryer, crispy outside, tender soft on the inside, fantastic on a wet, cold day. By the way, the adult rain poncho was about $55 hkd, vs $20  hkd at a drugstore. This one, I'll have to say, was marginally better, since it was made of thicker plastic, had snaps on the sides, and has a cute Disney logo on the back. It can definitely be reused. The rain had unexpected benefits. Everyone was slower, the park was much emptier, and we were all in the same wet boat, so there was a general air of camaraderie. The only lines we ever waited in were for the jungle cruise (20 min) and autopia(20 min). Everything else was 5 min or less. We did see the winnie the pooh ride with a long line, so we just got fast passes, and when we returned in the evening, there was no line anyway. Oh, and the one time we used the passes, it was like US Disney, we went after the stated time range, and the CM waved us through. We did Buzz Lightyear 10 times in a row, no wait at all. My husband did space mountain 3 times. Jungle cruise twice, once in Mandarin, once in English, just to see, and also because it was different from the 2 in the states, and the big fire actually warmed me up a little. The rain really allowed us to do all the rides we wanted, as many times as we wanted, with almost no wait. We figured out that Philharmonic is best seen from the back, so the second time, we sat further back. We were the last ones in, but since it wasn't crowded, everyone entering from the left would move right, and stop in the middle of the long row of seats. We just went to the back, looped all the way right, and moved backwards left, and got great seats almost at the middle. We were also the first ones out. Rain has huge benefits for the people interested in the rides.This is definitely a new park. The jungle cruise animals are brighter, cleaner, and everything generally looks newer. The autopia cars are electric, or something like that. No more horrible fumes   they make a cool series of noises when you step on the 'gas'. The thunder mountain roller coaster equivalent was fantastic! It's as though they merged it with the Yeti one at Animal Kingdom, and came up with this. Excellent fun! The surrounding water play areas was also very well done. Toy story was also nicely detailed, even if the rides were mostly for little kids. Many people posing for pix, even in the rain. The Stitch show was worth going to   a reviewer said it was in Cantonese, but our show was all in English. Quite entertaining! No parade, due to the rain, but luckily the fireworks were still on. Maybe because of the overcast fog, they weren't as impressive (nothing like the Wishes one, my all time favorite), but still entertaining. Leaving the park at the end was also completely hassle free. We easily got seats on the Disney MTR car, and it almost seemed that most people left via the parking lot vs the MTR. It was not crowded at all, only when we hit the red line did it become standing room only.HK Disney did a god job of handling the rain, with mats to soak up water, mopping when needed, and many many plastic umbrella bags. The CMs are not as 'smiley smiley', but I tend to think that's a Chinese thing in general. I wonder if Tokyo Disney is the same. I would not want to go on a sunny weekend unless I had no choice, but a rainy Thursday, why not? Park was open from 10:30 8, we were there for 9 hours, and definitely packed in our money's worth, especially with discount tix from CTS hong kong at about 15% off. Excellent rainy day at Disney!
Can be covered in a day..had great fun...buzz laser shootout was favorite with our family...some of the rides have a long queue..they need to make the waiting area air conditioned..or install enough fans...too sweaty to wait in the queue...I think the only Disneyland in Asia
We went there as a 20 something couple with no kids and I must say it made for a fun day out. While it is much smaller in size than its American counterparts (acutally the smallest of all 5 Disney Parks worldwide) it is nonetheless a great day. I would recommend only buying a one day pass though as the parks can easily be covered in one day, and I feel as though two days might be overkill. Pretty standard Disney rides, prices, etc. Must say was surprised at how short most of the lines were. Generally never had to wait more than a few minutes to get on any attraction and we were here over Chinese New Year! New Grizzly Gulch area is pretty sweet!
I'm a huge Disney fan and I've been lucky enough to visit both Disneyland Paris along with Disney world in Florida over 20 times. I also worked an internship in Disney Florida. So yes, I'm a bit of a Disney geek and I was particularly excited to see what Disneyland Hong Kong had to offer. I knew that this park was small but I was pleased to find it still had the Disney magic. The layout is like a small scale of Magic Kingdom in Orlando, main street leading on to the castle and each 'land' going off from the centre point like a wheel. There were many places that were versions of the Florida park, such as crystal palaces restaurant, the jungle cruise, Small World etc. This is not the park to come to for thrilling rides, actually Space Mountain was the biggest disappointment here for me, it wasn't half as good as the Orlando one! Boo! However, the attractions are all well done, maintained to a great standard and have that same level of 'magic' that we know and expect from Disney!This is really only a one day attraction. You could stretch it out to two days here but after that you'll probably start to get a bit bored even if you're a Disney fanatic like myself :D
After visiting Walt Disney world in Orlando 3 times we expected Hong Kong Disneyland to be on those same lines but unfortunately we found the park to be quite small compared to the one in U.S.A., nevertheless if you want to enjoy a fun day with the kids I would recommend getting a one day pass as you will have enough time to explore the park .
It's Disneyland! What could be wrong with this? Except for the overpriced food, overpriced souvenirs and too many sugary snacks throughout the park, it was a magical day out for the family. We were rained out the 2nd half of the day (which was a shame) but it was otherwise a great time for the whole family.
The first time we (Me, my wife and our then two year old daughter) went to HK Disneyland was in 2008 . We enjoyed it back then and was really looking forward what HK Disneyland could offer the second time around. This time around we brought our two kids (our daughter who is now 7 years old and our 5 year old son). The theme park was a memorable experience much like the first time we went there. Now, they have the Toy Story Land and the recently opened Grizzly Gulch attraction which were not there the first time we went to HK Disneyland. Both of which are a hit to theme park visitors considering that Disney did not pull any stops to make it a thrilling and enjoyable experience to their guests. They also have under construction and soon to open the Mystic Point attraction which I am pretty sure would be a crowd drawer much like all of their attractions. Unlike the first time there also more shops, stalls, booths, facilities and dining areas scattered all over the theme park. We rode the it's a Small World After All ride, the Winne the Pooh ride as well as the Space Mountain Ride. We were also able to watch the Flghts of Fantasy Parade, the Golden Mickeys show, as well as the much anticipated fireworks display up close at the Magic Castle. Me, my wife and our kids enjoyed all of those. We went to the park for two successive days so we were able to really enjoy and imbibe the Disney magic and experience . We were also able to have our pictures taken with Mickey and Minnie Mouse and with Chip and Dale. We also ate lunch and dinner at the various eating places Disneyland had to offer. Overall we recommend HK Disneyland to everyone, kids and to those kids at heart. When it comes to theme parks Dinsey does it better than the rest. We would definitely making a return trip there one of these days.Tip: Bring extra money for food and dining as well as souveneirs which are quite expensive since you are paying for the Disney experience and trademark. Also wear comfortable shoes and clothing since the moment you enter the park you would be doing a lot walking for hours
I had been to the Disneyland Parks in California and Florida, so this one in Hong Kong had an air of  not in the right place  feels to it. This park definitely is much smaller than the ones in Annaheim and Orlando, and the number of rides are also limited. But true to Disneyland tradition, the Main Street is alive and busy with music, shops, snacks and cafes. It is a nice way to spend an afternoon in the open air, after days spent inside shopping malls!
This was my third visit to the theme park and I am never disappointed! There is something for everyone as you would expect from Disney. From the dedicated Mickey Mouse theme metro train which takes you to the park, to the electric parade and all the rides and attractions, you won't be disappointed. Like all Disney theme parks, the food is expensive and hit and miss! I'm 61 but it never fails to delight the kid in me!
Hong Kong Disneyland is complete family Entertainment place....enjoyed very much....must visit for Hong Kong visitors. But I feel Los Angeles USA Disneyland is more better then this...
long ques for very short activities...everywhere had tobe in que for about 2 hrs and the activity lasted only 15 minutes
This place is magical to say the least! We loved Disneyland in every way. It might be smaller than other Disney parks, but definitely cover all the aspects of a Disney theme park. You'll find all things Disney, right from the Disney theme MTR train with Mickey Mouse windows to the character shaped plants inside the park. It's amazing!The best way to reach the park is via MTR. Take the Tung Chung Line and interchange for Disneyland Resort Line at Sunny Bay MTR station.The park is divided into six theme lands namely FantasyLand, TomorrowLand, AdventureLand, Toy Story Land, Grizzly Gulch and Main Street USA. Amongst the rides, three popular ones (Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters, Space Mountain and Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh) get crowded during the day. There is a fast pass facility to ensure you beat the queue, but you get one fast pass per ticket.When you enter the park, first try to take the above rides so you've plenty of time for the rest. Go for  Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh  in the FantasyLand and  Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters  &  Space Mountain  in TomorrowLand. I also recommend the  Golden Mickeys Show . It's fantastic!!!The  Flights of Fantasy  parade is around 3:30 PM (check the daily schedule for exact timings). It's a fun parade with all the characters waving at you. The music is great and it's more of a celebration. You can get a better view of the parade from Main Street USA. Try to reach early since it gets crowded.There are lots of dining options around the park. I would recommend  Festival of Foods  or  Royal Banquet Hall  in FantasyLand. The food is bit expensive but that's what you expect here.Finally, never miss the  Disney in the Stars  Fireworks show. This is absolutely a spectacular display of fireworks. It is best viewed from Main Street USA.Hong Kong Disneyland is a park for kids of all ages! It brings out the child in you and you can take home the memories to relish forever.
It's hard to compare HK's Disneyland to California, but it is pretty nice for families and a good value. I went on a rainy day, so the park was completely empty. The staff were really friendly, although a little bored. When I have kids I will bring them here if we are in HKG!
Quality and quantity does not match Disney ~ Orlando, but it is worthwhile to experience. Flowers and animals there are much different than what is found in the USA. People are super friendly. As usual, the lines are long, but they are well managed and move quickly.
Since we are traveling with our grandchildren, we had to go to Dysneyland, such a happy place. We arrived in time for the parade, the kids were so thrilled seeing the Disney characters and their favorite Princesses. We stayed on till the fireworks, amazing! We also enjoyed the food all over the place.
A friend and I went mid week, shortly after the park opened for the day. The restaurants weren't even open yet (they open at 11:30)    at least the one we tried. Started the day with 3 or 4 runs through Space Mountain since there were no lines. We spent more time getting from the end of the ride than waiting in line. It started to clog up early in the afternoon, but still no more than 15 minute waits except for the boat ride (30 45 minutes). A perfect way to spend two nights and one full day in Hong Kong. $13 (USD) shuttle transfer from the airport to the hotels on the property. It is also on the train line with special train cars that have mouse ear windows.
Was my first time to Disneyland, even from a small country, we only have one theme park and I thought it was just so so. This would be great if you were a kid, but it was not as good as I thought. The best ride was being fixed up for Halloween, so very disappointing, still had to pay full price.Strange there were lots of HK businessmen in suits... hmm place for business trips?I didn't even stay for the fireworks at the end, only stayed an hour or so then left...
We had a family trip with our nearly 2 year old... It was great! Small, but more than enough for a fun filled day.
Had been here with the family ,this was our first visit to any Disneyland it was truly mesmerizing.The place was spic and span.All the amusement was really good and really entertaining to my kids,especially because they see the cartoons on TV. They have activities for Adults too which is truly out of the world.The fireworks display in the evening is also awesome with the Disneyland palace in the back ground.They had rent able prams for my little baby,which was very useful.Will surely go back to this place.
It may not be as big as the one in the States but it definitely will give you that giddy feeling. I personally like it because of the size.  given that its a lot smaller than the usual still  you see everything. No space wasted.
This place has the magic of disney. I had to go when visiting HK. This is the 4th disney park I have been to and had just as much fun as the rest. Its the youngest Ive been to and it was also the cheapest for a 1 day pass. Its small compared to US parks but more similar to Euro disney. I had a blast all day. All types of food was available. And they had lots of places to take pictures with characters.
It was mesmerising   so colourful and musical and imaginative.. !! We enjoyed every moment of it and carried back those catchy tunes and the great memories with us ... Even my husband who intially was under the opinion that its only for children, had a great time and is now eager to do another disney vacation !!It brings out the child in us and I recommend it for any creative person who loves music !
Fantastic place, did the two days, kids had a ball...i know others have reviewed it as too small etc and can see it in a day..i think you need the two days..food is expensive, but clothes and souvenirs funny enough quite cheap, plenty of deals.....
The whole place is very beautiful. Their parades are really great. It's like that you're watching live the cartoons or cartoon characters of your favorite. Live shows performance are really good (the dancing and singing)..
My Partner and I had a wonderful day at Hong Kong Disneyland. You can't help but enjoy the atmosphere, the happiness seems to be almost tangible. The park is quite small in comparison but we still managed to take a full day to enjoy all there was on offer. We've been to all Disneyland's (except Japan) and we enjoyed this one just as much. There are more lands and rides opening so the park will continue to grow which will be good. The cast members were great and the service as you'd expect from Disney. The girls in the Main Street Caf   remembered us when we went back in for afternoon tea. It's a fantastic Disney experience and well worth going!
Lower than expectation. I think it should be bigger. Big invest but feel incomplete. Little lovely place to visit.
Disneyland Hong Kong is a great place to take children, adults, teenagers, oldies....anyone!! Don't go expecting a park the size of L.A Disneyland because it is a lot smaller, however, what they have packed in provides a great day (or two days) of fun.You MUST ride the MTR train from Sunny Bay as the train is a ride in itself with Mickey Mouse shaped windows, a star covered ceiling, Disney character statues inside the train and little hand holds in the shape of Michey Mouse.The staff speak good English and are very polite in trying to help you. The park is very clean and full of souvenir shops and food halls in all different Disney themes.
I love it! I've been to the one in Tokyo, but the one in Hong Kong is just as fun. I love the rides. I was there from open to closing time. The fireworks at the end was amazing.
We had a fun day at this Disney park, but as the park is small and the rides are geared mainly to kids under 8, the fun factor was limited for our  wild  kid. We went mid week and the lines weren't bad. Much of the food is geared to the Asian crowd and won't necessarily appeal to Westerners (the fried squid was rather nauseating!). This park is smaller than Disney Paris and MUCH smaller than Disney Anaheim or Orlando. Our daughter was in a wheelchair (with a broken foot) and could go on all but one ride (Tarzan's Treehouse). For a family of 3, it's about a $300 day (including lunch, dinner and raincoats!) Overall, I'd say it's a fun Disney experience, but not many thrill seeking rides for older kids.
We traveled with 8 years old child and she loved it. You should have all day there and stay for fireworks at 8PM. Food was good. They had good selection.
We had a late 9pm flight from Hong Kong to Singapore so thought we would check out of our hotel in the morning, take our luggage to Disney, then go direct from Disney to the airport, as they a very close. My first disappointment is that Disney have a luggage storage but it is   6 per bag, even for small hand luggage bags. We had 5 bags, that's   30 gone before you step in!!I have been to both the Disney in Florida and the one in Paris. I was not expecting Florida, but was expecting something similar to Paris as it is newer than Paris. Wrong!!I walked into the main gates and I thought I had been shrunk!! The Disney Castle is so, so tiny. Almost non existent. For me it is the symbol of Disney. It's the WOW factor when you walk into Florida and Paris. There was no WOW! It's still better than the parks in England such as Alton Towers, Thorpe Park etc but as a Disney Fan I was not impressed. Universal Studios in Singapore is much better.It is very much designed for children under 12 years of age, with very few rides for teenagers and adults. It is really lacking the big roller coasters. It also feels like it has been built on a budget and just lacks the attention to detail and high finish of other Disney parks.Small children will love this park as there is loads to do for them and they won't notice how tiny the castle is. I would not recommend it for adult only groups, or for those with teenagers.Disney please knock the castle down and build a real size one!!
This is my second visit to Disneyland in one year. I like this visit better than before mainly because of the good weather. We enjoy the lion king show and Disneyland parade more than anything else. Nice addition of game compare to the first visit. Please do not bring outside food as it's strictly prohibited. You can get a good price in CTS near ferry terminal as we find the price at the entrance price much higher.
We'd visited the park a little over 5 years ago and went back in March 2013.The park itself isn't very large and if you are staying at one of the Disney Hotels, there are shuttles every 10 mins to and from the park. Beware though that even during a week day off season, the park was crowded. Not oppressively crowded but crowded.The wait for each ride lasts anywhere from 10min to 30 minutes. But the rides themselves are probably at most 90 seconds. So it all seems like a bit of a naff idea. Some of the rides are ok for small children. Our daughter liked most of them. Specifics:  The Pooh ride is really basic and in my view, completely missable  The Autopia takes a massive queing time but isn't that great   The Disney (Mickey's Philhar Magic) 4D experience with an orchestra is very nice. Its fun to see kids and adults reaching out to touch things   The Space Mountain ride isn't really age appropriate. It is down right scary  The Mine cars ride is scary but fun  The river safari would be fun for a younger child   The river raft to the tree house is a colossal waste of time. The raft ride is probably 30 sec and queing time 30 mins  The parachute ride drop is really niceNow this part is really subjective. I've mentioned this in my review of the Hong Kong DisneyLand Hotel as well. The food at the park is amazingly bad. In fact it is not edible.The Chicken nuggets (we found them only at Grizzly Gulch) looked like they were made in the 19th century completely with gristle and assorted bird parts (?). They tasted even worse. The fish had a distinct bad smell and even the Jail House fries were terrible.We'd taken a 2 day pass and this we felt was just right in terms of pacing it out with a young child.
You can get there by bus A21 $33 (or every bus go to Hongkong airport) and stop in Lantau link toll then change to bus R8 $7. Just like other Disneyland but smaller. I can't finish it in one day, it's rainy ( you better check the weather first) and long queue.use fast pass.don't miss the parade and fire work at 8 pm
It's small, and the Space Mountain doesn't compare to Paris. The park was clean, but some of the staff spoke limited English, which made it difficult for me when I speak very little, almost no Chinese. It's well worth the price of admission, and it still provides that Disney magic. Take your time, and enjoy your day. It's a great place to spend a day!
I was actually not keen to visit for a 3rd time but went ahead because a friend has not been to HK Disneyland. Surprisingly, I enjoyed the best this time round. There were additions to the park and I tried some rides which I never did in the past. Do not miss out on the Mickey's PhilharMagic and The Golden Mickeys show   excellent!
I was attending a conference and didnt have much time to visit the park but the resort is definitly great, the greenary and landscape plus efficient transportation from hotels to the stations made our lives easy given that the resort is far away from the city.
Well, for us in India, who cannot afford to go to France, US, etc., Disneyland in HK is the closest you can take your kids to. So, its not something that you can avoid. But dont go there expecting soemthing really outstanding. If your expectations are moderated, you will love it. Ofcourse, the metro train is themed. The overall look & feel is awesome. Its all very colorful, well planned, etc.Overall, its great experience. But, there arent too many rides roller coasters...in fact, for reasonably old kids and yourself, there are only 4! The others are just basic rides, only much better presentation. There are actually many many more shops, than rides shows! The stuff in shops is really classy, but ofcourse you pay for the disney branding.For vegetarians, life can be difficult inside the park, though the 'jailhouse fries' and caramel popcorn are really good.The famous Golden Mickeys show is disappointing. Basic production. The lead presenter singer is just too old & unattractive. So, you don't need 2 days for the place. You dont need to stay there in a relatively expensive disney hotel (with such efficient transport system in HK, you can can in town and still reach there well in time). You don't need to expect too much. You will then come back really happy for sure.By the way, do not miss the 8pm fireworks show!
Hubby and I have been to every Disney except Tokyo and so had to go on this recent trip. I would still recommend it (it most resembles Paris Disney) because the Grizzly Gulch, Space Mountain, and Toy Story Parachute and Slinky Dog rides are different. The parade was also really good and different   bright. If I had more time, I would have gone to the Disneyland hotel to try some of the different dim sum that people recommend.
After reading about disney HK on tripadvisor we decided to take the plunge and booked a private tour which is available on the disney website. Well it was fantastic ! we spent 2 hours with Jennifer our own private tour guide for 3 hours (we were in a group of 6 which was 4 adults and 2 children) and went on 10 rides (no queues for us!) and then had a private reserved area at the parade (3.30pm daily in March). The park was very busy with lots of mainland chinese visitors who for some reason unknown to us (mainly due to language difficulties) were desperate to take photos of my 2 young (blonde haired) children so being with our tour guide Jennifer allowed us to bypass the attention and get to work on the attractions. Even though the park is small (in comparison to Florida) we did lots of walking and hired a stroller which was a godsend for my 4 year old who decided to fall asleep in it just as the fireworks started at 8pm. Make sure you take your camera as there is a special meet the characters area where the disney stars are available to meet with your children and take as many photos as you wish! unbelievable value for money in comparison to other attractions in HK. Loved our time there and will always have special memories.
My wife and me went to Disneyland with our two boys (3.5 and 1.75 years) during our recent trip to Hong Kong (actually this was the main reason for going to Hong Kong in first place). Though the park is not very big, it has lot's to offer for small kids, only few of the rides ares age   height restricted. Our boys enjoyed a long day in the park with lot's of excitement (especially at the end the water games in  Tomorrow Land .Only problem is, the place gets super crowded resulting in substantial wait times for any ride (but with good quality). Staff are all very friendly.
Disneyland will always be magical, but this one in HongKong is slightly too small. The lines for the thrill rides are very long as there aren't very many of them. Food and disney merchandise is expensive but thats expected. Whole park can be done in a day, but I would suggest 2 days if you're bringing little kids. Parks have very little people during the early hours and the later hours.
Coming with high expecations we were a bit disappointed with Disneyland Hong Kong. A few things really good but not as much Disney as we expected for instance there were very few characters out walking among the visitors. The food was really limited in selection and quality not good at all.
My husband has wanted to come here for years & it fully met his expectations, long wait or rides but really worth it
When we got to visit this place i feel like im back to my old little self. Disneyland is really for kids and heaven to them. What I've enjoyed here is shopping Disney stuff and watching the Disney parade.
We had a Great stay in Hong Kong my friend had never been to Disneyland , so we took a trip to the kingdom, it's much smaller,but very nice,and very clean.There is a special rapidlight rail to get there,and back.Hong Kong was GREAT,will try to stay longer next time.
The charm and character of Disneyland is unbeatable. Geared toward the under 10 year olds. Perfect size of park, perfect rides for my 5 year old. Fabulous for a quick trip.
We spent a whole Saturday at HK Disneyland, and it is smaller than some other parks, but with Toy Story Land and Grizzley Gulch, is definately worth going. My 10 year old son had a blast, crowds were heaviest in middle of day, early and late we almost walked on rides. Would love to go back should the opportunity arise.
Visiting to Hong Kong Disneyland with family is a great experience. Despite the weather is not friendly that time, but we had so much fun in this place. It's great place to visit with entire family, my daughter is very happy with this present. It's surprise present for her birthday. For sure the queues its made us headache, but when we saw the show all the tiredness is gone.The parade was a good entertainment, but the most thing beautiful show is FIREWORK show. It's amaze all of us.For the food is very expensive, but nice food anyway..Overall we're happy to visit this place..
You have to walk almost 20 Kilometers to cover the park.. also the wait time at each ride is atleast 30 45 minutes and fun experience of only 2 3 minutes... really awefull in terms of fooding options
My little girl enjoyed Disneyland. It's a great attraction for the little ones.  The parade was good. We went during Christmas time.   The queues are ridiculous... You could be waiting up to a hour on some rides.   There is a lot of walking to do....More
Disneyland in Hong Kong stands to its motto of making people happy.  It has lot to offer and if you are going on a week end then one day might not be sufficient to cover all the rides and shows.  Luckily I visited it on...More
I went on a weekday assuming there will not be long queues but I was very wrong. Please visit only if your child is old enough to force you to take him to Disneyland.
This is the smallest Disneyland of all.  The parade was a real waste as there were very small amount of cars.  The food was badly catered (despite that it's in Hong Kong).
Good, friendly attractions and nice cool weather.  Be prepared for long walks, limited food choices and more pricey merchandise of course.
Appreciating that this is the smallest Disneyland and appreciating that this theme park is tailored for this region and its culture, it was a great visit for the day evening.  Getting out to Hong Kong Disneyland is not hard (train, bus, tour, taxi (if you really...More
not too big and great for young children. The most spectacular fireworks display I have ever seen in my 60  years a wonderful experience for us and our grandchildren
Really fun place to go on a day trip and great value for money if you're looking to spend the whole day riding great rides. They have most of the big ones that they're famous for like Space Mountain and Grizzly Gulch. The only problem...More
I have been to the Disneyland in California 3 times, and the overall experiences were good. When I visited the one in HK about 2 3 years ago, I thought it was too crowd, but for the people who live around this area, it still worths...More
we visited during May 2010. Plan for atleast 2 days (if not more). on the first day   it took a while to get a feel of the place and also the shows and stuff. get yourself a Map. get a fix on the rides you want to do (actually try them all) and the timings of specific shows. the Tarzan Tree house was under renovation when we visited. My views :1. Dont miss the Magical Philamagic (4d show), Jungle river cruise, space moutain (for the boyz), Golden Mickey   oh i loved it so, Lion King show2. your kids ofcourse would love all the activities and you can do them more than once. Pooh's ride, the good old caraousel, tea cup ride, 3. get to shows well in advance (15 mins) since there could be long queues esp. in the holiday season like May.4. the stars in the night   lights and fireworks show is on every night at 8. see that during the 1st evening itself (we push it to day 2   it rained that eve   and we missed it :(5. there are lots of eating options there so dont worry. Lil more expensive, but then aren't all amusements parks like thatHats of Walt Disney, truly a apt tribute to your creativity
HK Disneyland is much smaller than the Disneyland in California that I am used to. The one in HK is 50% smaller or more than the one in California. Space Mountain is good, Grizzly Gulch is great (Like Big Thunder Mountain but much better), and Toy Story Land is entertaining as well. It is sad that HK Disney is missing such DIsney classics like the Haunted Mansion, Pirates of the Caribbean, and Star Tours. The park was very clean, well run, there are various food and drink options everywhere and lots of Disney shopping too. If you've never been to any Disney parks, this one is a great place to start. If you've been to Disney in California and Florida, this will be a disappointment. My biggest disappointment was the fireworks show. I figured that since this was Hong Kong, there would probably be a big show. Quite the opposite unfortunately. Access to the park by train is very easy and fast and efficient. Access by taxi is also fast and easy and cost effective if you have 3 or more people traveling. Overall a very good experience at HK Disneyland.
Twice will never be enough, I would want to visit Disneyland over and over again, if I can. It was an amazing trip with my family and my niece and we really enjoyed our experience. From the train ride all see the overview of the park to the fireworks display. It was indeed magical. Of course the parade is lovely and the opportunity to see the characters and take pictures with them is very exciting. Among our favorites are the Jungle River Cruise, It's a Small World, Mickey's PhilharMagic, The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh, The Golden Mickey's, Flight of Fantasy Parade, Disney in the Stars Fireworks. I hope you'll have a magical time as much as we do.
its a mini disney land but still gives you the same magical feeling as disney world, the castle is so small and cute ! It is so easy reachable from anywere in Hong Kong . Although it is a lot smaller that Florida and Paris it still has the same queuing problems as them which is the only down side to the experience. the evening fireworks are definitely not to be missed MAGICAL !!
HK disneyland was a very nice place however too much of visitors there mean it's hard to enjoy every bit of the amusement park.
There is nothing wrong with Hong Kong Disneyland if you are a child of 9 years old or younger. And of course for the parents who find it necessary to spend not insignificant sums of money to satisfy their child for a day or two. But if you are a teenager, or an adult, you may find this Disneyland quite a disappointment. Adult rides are few and far between.
Visited on a Thursday and Friday. Thursday was nice and quiet, Friday much busier.If you are not used to the culture of pushing then you need to be prepared, adults are worse than the kids!Rides for 2 yr old are ok, and my boy enjoyed the toy story area. Restaurants were nothing special and quite expensive, but what do you expect in a theme park. Overall worth visiting and may go back, but only for one day and not two next time.
If you've been to Disneyland in USA then I wouldn't waste your time here. It just doesn't have the same pomp and circumstance. It also feels like the magic has gone. Maybe it's because I'm no longer a kid, but I didn't feel that it was good there. Kids will be sure to enjoy it but I wouldn't hurry back there.
Went on a weekday and bought tickets using Visa card to get an 11% discount for 4 tickets. (forgive me as I don't remember the exact names for the rides)Tomorrow land   flying saucer roller coaster in the dark, buzz light year ride, car driving on a fixed circuitFantasyland   we stayed inside fantasyland the longest, as there is a 4D movie, Pooh bear ride, it's a small world Toystory land   slinky dog   queued for 30 min for a 2 3 min ride. The main thing is kids enjoyed it, the bumps and the slight ups and downs. Then it rained at 3pm, very heavily... Many of the rides closed and didn't reopen. The parade was cancelled as a result which was a disappointment. My girl was interested in drawing so we waited to draw Tigger and returned another later time to draw the space alien. Both kids enjoyed this the most (o O)Food   the security will check your bags so bringing food is no no, but water is ok (bring plenty)After the fireworks on the back drop of the castle, crowds dispersed easily and we don't need to wait long for our shuttle buses back to the resort hotel.
we went 5 years ago and realised we missed one of the major ride so I wanted to visit again to try out that indoor shooting rides. kids were younger then and i remembered it was a very tiring trip. this time round, kids r older and maybe we went weekday, it was quite pleasant( no unruly crowd) and we really enjoyed ourselves. there were 2 new attractions and we made sure we did not miss the parade. i personally love the restaurent food this time round. all the asian food were reasonably priced and yummy! if i have a stopover in hongkong, i don't mind dropping by.
What a pleasant surprise...clean, safe, not expensive, quality acts and sights. Just loved it. I wish I had taken a 2 day pass as one day is not enough to see the many features.
Best attraction in Hk especially if you're with your kids. But even if you're not, it still brings out the kid in you. My favorite is still Space mountain and the 4D.
We took our children ( 18 & 22)here, I would have to agree this Disneyland is more geared for the younger children, but in saying that we all had a great day.There is a limited number of trill rides, so if you are looking for these Ocean Park is great, but you cannot take the nostalgic feeling everyone all ages get from being at Disneyland.The Main Parade was a colourful entertaining event, that was worth waiting for.The food was well priced with endless opportunities to buy novelties and gifts.Enjoy!!!!
Its every kids dream to go to Disneyland. There is nothing not to like. Lots of attractions, rides. Most of the rides are child friendly not like Universal Studios. Alot of cafes & restaurants and theres even a new Halal Restaurant in there.
the perfect place if a vacation with kids, but not the right place for teenagers or couples. I guess this is the closest disneyland from my country Indonesia. disney character parade at 3 pm and the song a whole new world as the closing fireworks at 9 pm must be witnessed.
this is a late review. I went here with my dad last Nov 23, 2009. It was my first time to travel outside the country and I chose Hongkong since as a child, I always dream of going to Disneyland. We went there very early and chilling morning. My eyes feasted on a Mickey Mouse statue outside the theme park. I love the rides! I love the foods in the food court. the souvenirs are pricey but I still managed to buy one small minnie mouse doll. We waited for the fireworks but i found it less amazing compared to the fireworks of University of Santo Tomas every Christmas season. Over all, I really enjoyed visiting this place and i am looking forward for another visit :D
The place is a heaven for children, ranging from rides, meeting with all their favorite characters to all disney merchandise that is available. Is fun all around once you step foot in this park. You can spend the whole day there and you wont feel the time pass and infact a day may not be enough. Queues for all rides takes approx. 15   30 mins and is a norm. Not to mentioned photo session with the disney character. They have a section cordoned off just for pictures with character which is good... we need not go around the park to hunt them down. Great place to feels like a kid again.
It was our 1st trip to Disneyland,Hkg.. It was great & our kids loves it. Lots of character around in the park. Suggest to go during the weekdays as the weekends if packed with people. Luckily for us we had the 2 day ticket. The fireworks was great... We would definitely go again..
I've been to Disneyland twice. The first time with my family we saw a lot of the rides including a short boat trip and also ate in a few little places. The second time the little girls wanted to be princesses and so were made up and photographed. After we ate at the family restaurant in the same building. The entertainment from the Mouse family kept the girls very excited and they got more photographs. I was not excited about this as the characters kept interrupting my meal and the truth is the food wasn't very good but then the cost was also quite reasonable.
Have not been to other Disneyland. but this difinetly gave a real feel of the Disney world. with 4 corners and themes.. (with 4 different scary houses) very nice rides.. for all age group.. the roller coaster there was just mind blowing.. all in dark.. and scary.. the walk to castle.. and the performance in the evening with the sound of drums, cymbals and gongs and probs such as huge dragons, lions.. all the swanky dancers and performers making their way around the castle is just awesome
The Disneyland in HK was open many years ago but I was there only last year and it was the first ever Disneyland I've stepped into. Though not the only theme park I've been to, it was one of the most organized park with some really friendly and helpful crews around. As usual, there were tons of cash waddling tourists and squeaking kids in almost every corner of the park. The were the usual adrenaline pumping rides and really cutesy ones too. But the most memorable find in HK Disneyland was the food. Yes, the food was great and considering it is a world franchised theme park, it's even better! We had braised beef noodles and HK roast rice with succulent pieces of steamed chicken and roast duck. The noodles was fantastic with tasty broth and firm hand made noodles with lovely pieces of braised beef. Totally unexpected but definitely worth it.
great for all ages. we loved the rides especially the grizzly runaway mine cars. go here during weekdays as it tends to have lots of people during saturdays and sundays. food was a bit expensive so bring biscuits and water. the shows are a must see especially the golden mickeys. saw this back in 2007 but when we came back this year, the show is so different now. they update it once in a while ^^
This is a great place for people with young kids it lets them be able to ride their own favourite tv shows. This park has many fun rides and also has many places to eat but I would go on space mountain (roller coaster) before you eat! Overall this is a great family attraction.
We are Disneyland fans and were excited to get to visit the one in Hong Kong. We loved that you take a disney train to the park with all the disney details like windows shaped like Mickey, it helped build up the excitement for our children for our big day.It definitaley caters to the asian market and focus's more on shows than it does on rides. They have autotopia and space mountain but since many of the people thought that Space mountain would be too scary of a ride we were able to ride it 4 times without any lines. The longest line was for Pooh's adventure and we had to utilize the fast pass feature to ride that one. The shows are amazing and done with disney style. If you are from America just plan on a completely different disney experience, but one still filled with all the Disney magic.
Great for young kids. Loved the rides and shorter lines. Wish it opened earlier since my kids were waking up at 7am and it didn't open till 10:30. The mainland chinese tended to be pushy and thought they could pee anywhere. But still had a great time and bought a year pass.
If you think this place is only for children, you are wrong. As I observed all ages were pleased with this place. One day here reminds you the good memory of youth time. The Golden Mickeys and Festival of Lion King are must see show. Firework is great. Even it is small size but I take whole day to go through except Toy Story because it closed 1.30 hour before the firework.Food and beverage is double cost comparing with the price in the city.Please go here on weekdays to avoid too many people.
Well   all I can say is that at 49   I have been to Disney! I cannot compare this place to the US or Paris but was was about right in terms of size and being able to get around it in a day. It is very much a place for families and it was lovely to see the children coming dressed up in Disney costumes.
I was there actually in 2010. It was a small version a disneyland. It had all the charm you want to find in Disney but just not as expansive as the other parks as it is newer. I am sure it has grown vastly in the few years since I have been
One of the best place & the children really had a very good time.  Perfectly done and worth the time & money.
As an avid fan of Disney, i always love going to Disneyland. Compared to the other Disneyland, you might think that this might be a smaller version of Disneyland in the US but what surprises me is that the Employees here are much friendlier and they do their best to provide you with satisfaction. Seeing those Disney Characters dancing and parading always brings joy to my eyes. If ever you are in Hong Kong, don't forget to visit Disneyland and enjoy the wonderful journey.
Not my first time to visit Disneyland but definitely excited just like the first time. It feels really good to be a kid again that is what I love in this place, it brings out the kid in you! There's plenty of attractions inside and one of these is your chance to meet and greet your favorite character and of course don't forget to take home a photo souvenir. Also, the thrilling rides is the best hit for my son. We also enjoyed watching the shows.We had so much fun and a great family bonding! To fully enjoyed the park, it's a must to be there before the park opens in the morning until the fireworks display.
But what a great attempt to bring the joy of Disney to the Far East ...and it does it to a tee...with even a Disney styled train to take you to the park full of bronze statuettes
The train ride to Disneyland on Lantau Island was very scenic. I loved the idea that this was the only way to access the park. The Disney themed train with Mickey Mouse head shaped windows and sculptures of various Disney characters was darling. The resort was very clean and all of the flowering vegetation throughout the park made it quite beautiful and fragrant. The staff were very friendly and helpful. After going to the original Disneyland, the amusement features were a little disappointing. Very small and limited. I don't think any more than one day would be necessary to see and experience everything. All in all, I would go again and I would recommend the experience to all.
It is a small version of Disneyland but everything is excellent the same.  The customer service is what wow me.  Everyone I saw have a big smile on their face and want below my expectation to help.  Very good visit.
We go to Hong Kong Disneyland every year and enjoyed it this year even more than before because it has expanded. This park is much more compact than Disney World, so you can cover the entire thing, including shows and parades in one day. The lines (at least at New Year's), was much, much shorter than anywhere in Disney World. Many rides had no line at all. The place is immaculate, and the staff and signage is also in English, so no Chinese is necessary at all. The Plaza Inn has terrific dim sum  really as good as anything in HK downtown. The food is not cheap, but the service and quality of food is excellent, making it much more enjoyable than Disney World's Magic Kingdom (we used to shlep over to Epcot for all meals). There do not seem to be the giant mainland Chinese tour groups that swamp Ocean Park, so my family greatly prefers HK Disneyland to Ocean Park. Only thing  there is not the very scary or haunted theme rides here. I think it is a superstition thing and also the Chinese may not like to be scared the way Americans do, but this is a better fit for my family. There is still a Space Mountain and a new Frontierland railroad roller coaster, which are fast, but also with virtually no lines!
Staff needs to be trained and adhere to the standard procedure to deal with tourists who push in instead of keep serving whoever is good at pushing in or pretend they can't see it happening.
Worth a visit but  two days maybe needed to see everything. For a tourist spot food and drinks not to pricey.
To be honest we only went to Disneyland for my 6 year old daughter, I wasn't expecting to have much fun as an adult, boy was I wrong.The park was about 25 minutes or so by taxi from our hotel in Kowloon (you can also get the train). We had purchased our tickets several weeks before hand online which meant that we had a reservation code. We simply went up the kiosk machine, typed in the number and we had our tickets. This is definately the way to buy your tickets, if we had of purchased our ticket at the park we would have waited in a long line.The park is not small by any means. We spent the day there and certainly didn't get to every ride. The park is clean and well laidf out. To my surprise, the food and drinks were very reasonably priced.The only negative I can think of is that some of the rides had a wait time of 45 minutes.The rides are world class, we all had a great time and in fact I tink that Disneyland was clearly the highlight for all of us whilst in Hong Kong.Whether you have children or not, this is a must visit attraction.
Disneyland is for the young and the young at heart. Although, most rides are targeted for children, I had a great time enjoying the place. The fireworks display was beautiful; it feels like experiencing my childhood all over again.This is the best place to bring your little ones.
This park like all the others is very similar in layout. I think this is a smaller park than Paris or Florida, but possibly the same as California. Your usual favourites are there.
I always loved Disney. This Disneyland is small   you can finish all in 2 days. They recently added a backwards rollercoaster, and it's so awesome! You could really see the difference between each 'land'. The parade floats looked new. The parade song is catchy, I got it stuck in my head! The fireworks at night was the best. The fireworks goes along with the music, and you couldn't hear any BOOMs during the performance.
It was truly a joyful experience visiting this theme park with children. Their faces beamed joy from the moment we stepped into the theme park. Children were very happy with the rides, and meet the characters. As we visited during the Chinese New Year, it...More
This is probably the smallest Disney theme park but that does not detract from the quality. Before you even get to the park itself, there is great theming, including Mickey surfing on top of the water jet from a whale, with other popular characters in...More
By MTR you may travel up till Sunny bay and from Sunny bay you may take a Disney resort train to the park entrance.  Ticket cost is HKD399. In order to avoid queue advisable to purchase ticket online. They are flexible to change the date...More
You can feel the Disney theme right after interchange at Sunny Bay Station. You will ride a Disney theme train to Disneyland Resort with Mickey's head as windows and even the hand rails.  The rides mostly are for children so we only ride some but...More
I couldn't help myself but cry during and after I watched the shows, it's a must see! I saw the Disney characters come alive and its amazing! Growing up, i dreamed of going to Disneyland and now it finally came true. As Cinderella sings,  A...More
We had our gallivant here in DisneyLand... It is good for kids who enjoys disney characters :) Parade is one of the highlights of DisneyLand.. it starts every 3:30PM and fireworks display starts at 8:00 PM near the castle. Disneyland does not have much rides...More
This is the first and only Disneyland I have been to and as people before who have gone before me said, its quite small. Nevertheless it was good to go, probably be better for kids. I preferred Ocean Park more as it catered more for...More
First of all, people should know that this  Disneyland  is owned more by Hong Kong investment than it is by Disney. It is a  co production , not simply a Disney property. So people complaining about Disney greed or lowered Disney standards need to know this.  They...More
Husband and I came here with our boys 16,14 and 8yrs. We were staying in HK for 4 nights.  I must admit to being a party pooper when it comes to this sort of thing  I don't do rides well at all I'd rather have...More
We spent two days at Hong Kong Disneyland in March 2013.  Went on a Monday and Tuesday.  The longest queues were for Autopia and the toy soldier parachute drop   both around 20 minutes.  Everything else was around 5 minutes.  This was excellent for our...More
I love HK Disneyland   yes it is not as big as the US ones and it doesn't have as many roller coasters, but it is getting there. Avoid going Sundays and Public Holidays as it is stupidly busy   any other time, it is cruisy   most that you will wait to get on a ride is 10mins.
loved this theme park. i became young again. though twas raining when we got there but still we enjoyed this place. me and my husband tried the magnet coaster in toy story land and it was awesome! and the fireworks.... speechless!
This Disney park will surely expand as the others have..... right now it is relatively small and mostly geared towards little kids. They have a few roller coasters (mine train & space mountain) but it's an ideal day for parents who want a photo op with toddlers & preschool aged kids
Had a great 2 days with our 2 small (aged 3 and 4) children here. Is not too big so you can get around quickly and easily. Great rides and some good ones suitable for bigger kids like Mum and Dad. No white knuckle rides as such but good fun nd very small queues. Never had to wait long for any rides. The Thursday was quieter than the Friday. Food was reasonable and opportunities to spend money ever where!! The evening fireworks are a good show and worth staying for. Be careful with strollers though. We parked ours near Its a small world and when we returned it was gone! I was distraught as we had a 5 month old baby with us. My husband found it parked up near Space Mountain in a stroller area. Not the parks fault but not good. The staff dealt with it very well. Would for sure go back if I have the opportunity with my children.
The newer ones like Toy Story and Grizzly were the better attractions   better landscape design and rides were more interesting, probably from an adult's point of view. Nonetheless, the Fantasyland area looked quite old and floor was not well maintained, hence failing to give you the wow factor. Characters photo taking at the fantasyland's pavilions was difficult, staff does not promptly advise when would the characters return. We witnessed the characters leave but not the queue, and left us wondering should we exit the queue and return later as we had no idea how long we had to wait for the characters to come back. Most importantly, the experience was dampened whenever you witness people (of a particular nationality) cutting queues. This simply worsen your day.
We have two daughters ages 9 and 7, and had a magical time at HKDL. We visited to celebrate my daughter   s birthday and mine. The staff was overly friendly and always eager to wish us happy birthdays. Yes a few had some choppy English, but given they know more English than I know Mandarin or Cantonese, I was more than grateful.Looking at the map, we counted about 15 or 16 true rides. Yes, it   s not as big as Florida or California, but for us there is some advantage to it being smaller   less walking! You can easily see and do everything you want in a day, and in two days it is absolutely pressure free. Just relax, show up at the park, leisurely stroll around and see the attractions you want. Our two day tickets for a family of four were about $200 US. Way cheaper than what you   ll pay in the States. Adding a second day was only about $40 extra for the whole family.We stayed Friday through Sunday nights at the Hong Kong Disneyland Hotel (more on that in our hotel post). It   s about a 20 minute taxi ride from the airport at a cost of about $25 US. We went to the park on Saturday and Sunday. Overall, there really wasn   t much in the way of lines or waiting. Typical wait time was 5 to 20 minutes, except for Autopia 60 minutes and Pooh 45 minutes. I understand Pooh being long with kids and all, but Autopia? Only thing I can think of is that fewer folks have or drive cars in HK, so getting that experience is fun. Second day we went straight to Autopia as soon as the park opened and got it done for our girls.To break things up and potentially avoid the busiest time at the park, we went to downtown Hong Kong mid day on Saturday. Worked out beautiful. Park in the morning, city in the afternoon, and then back to the park for some line free rides for a couple of hours just before the fire works. As a general note, it seemed like after the 3:30 parade there was a large group of folks exiting.All said, would we go back? Sure, if we   re missing some Disney. It   s close to us in Perth, cheaper than traveling to the US or Japan, and two days versus spending a whole week at Disney feels about right.One last tip, if staying at the HKDL Hotel it is only about a 10 minute walk (we timed it) to the park entrance where Mickey is surfing the whale   s water spout. You can take the bus, which will take just about as much time.Oh and before I forget, we really did not witness any of the line cutting others have complained about. I   m guessing it exists for major holidays when the crowds swell, but for the two days we were there we did not have one bad experience.
The place is pure Disney so no one will come out disappointed. Having said that, the ticket rates are a bit high if you do not have a group kids who can create the necessary fun atmosphere. Rides are strictly OK but with the excitement all around, you are bound to enjoy it. The train ride to Disney park in a Disney themed train brings a smile on everyone's face. Somehow, it fails to live up to expectations.If you are short on time, skip it.
Good to go for exploration and really experience the  Fairy Tales  stories. It just came  live . However, it's very crowded and had not so pleasant experience.
The park was relatively well priced. My brother and I took several trains to reach the attraction, but this was rather simple and there was a special Disney train that takes you directly to Disneyland from Sunny Bay. Taking the train is, I believe, cheaper than taking a taxi. Aimed mainly at children, the rides were mediocre with not much thrill. 3 or 4 rides appealing to the 'older crowd'. The parade was fantastic, but very cramped. I found there to be a good selection of food, fulfilling numerous tastes and nationalities all at expected 'Disney prices'. My criticisms lie in that queuing for some attractions were much too long and the ticket prices were slightly too expensive for the experience. I would recommend HK Disney Land for families with young children, and if you are older try Ocean Park instead as I believe it is aimed at teenagers and adults. The general experience of Disneyland was enjoyable, but nothing compared to the likes of Disney World Florida, and I will not be returning. My final complaint is that I failed to meet any Disney Princesses as they were always 'unavailable' and this was extremely distressing (yes I am 17 years old). I had waited many years to get the chance to meet a princess, but this was not to be, much to my disappointment.
Have been to Disney Anaheim and Tokyo and this effort is a poor third. Little kids 3 8 will get a fun day but for the rest it does not offer a lot.
nyc.. Very nice place, you can spend the whole day there. Most of the attractions are done for little ones age 5 8 but even for us
Lots of queue cutting from China mainlanders, decent touristy food. Ticket price should lower due to difference in quality from their counterparts from US.
An amusement parkis an amusement park but It was beautiful to see my children's eyes lit up at the sight of their favourite disney characters. That alone made the trip worthwhile. We spent 8 hours there and covered most of the park had to offer. There is a halal food outlet as well which is certified by the Hk islamic council.The rides was nothing great but the shows e.g. The parade and festival of lion king was terrific. A must see is the spectacular firework at closing time. Wonderful fireworks! We booked a room at the disneyland hotel but only stayed there for sleeping i.e. From 8pm to 10am. Next time i wont book the hotel and would rather go back to the city as the park is very accesible via many modes of transport!
If u have a teenager or any infant child, this place maybe a must place to come! But, when u are the traveler who seek the experience, this is not the place! This place wont give u anything, except the fact that u can meet ur imaginary friends u have when u were 3 y.o. The first time i came in the front of the gate, i just felt this is not the place i should visit when i was 25 y.o. So adults, skip this one, if u can.. :)
Very nice place, you can spend the whole day there. Most of the attractions are done for little ones age 5 8 but even for us (i was with my boyfriend) was a nice time out. We were there at the beginning december and they already stared Christmas show, so really loved it
Being Disney we were so looking forward to a trip to this amazing park, but once inside it was disappointment. The park was small and full of tourists from mainland China who were rude and like pushing in. I am not racist because I am Chinese myself but on several occasion I was fuming because some guys were trying to push in front of me...Apart from that the park was too small to accommodate the huge amount of tourists, the queuing time was around 45 mins to 1hour which even my 6 yrs old daughter was fed up about. The foods were way over priced and there were no benches for people to sit down and enjoy a drink or snacks. Overall being a grown up I was very disappointed but the kids (3 and 6 yrs old) still love seeing all the Disney characters and the parade, but they must do something about the queuing time so not to disappoint the children.
this was a fantastic attration as if i was 6 years old enjoying every moves of the disney character, even taking pictures together, it always a rush to cue to get closer mickey & minnie mouse, so relaxing and enjoying every moments in the place and in the evening are flashes of light and the fire works its awesome...
We went for a family day out. I found the park to be very small. Even at a leisurely pace, we walked the whole park in about six hours. I am a big disney fan but somehow this park wasnt as exciting as the others ive seen.Not to mention, there were a lot of chinese children who could not wait to get to the restrooms and were using treating everything from attraction walls to trashcans to plants as their urinal!!Also, something i havent seen at other disney parks.What i didnt like about the popcorn stalls was that most stalls wernt making them fresh, they had been prepared earlier and packed :(We had lunch at the Banquet in Fantasyland. The portions of the food were medium but the taste was very dissappointing. I could easily get much better tasting food for ten times less the price in any restaurant outside.The attractions were good though. I loved the Lion King show, full of energy.Overall it was a fun day but i dont think il go back again.
As Disney experiences go, it was great for what it was    which is essentially a downscaled version of the larger 'world' version found in Orlando.The staff and services are all up to standard and the kids are all having a great time   which is the point, right?But we were two adults traveling without kids, so realistically, this park isn't targeting us as it's primary audience (nor should it be). So if you're traveling with kids    it's a great time. But if you're adults looking to reconnect with your inner child and with Disney, it's a bit limited.But it's still Disney which makes it pretty special and watching all the kids enjoying themselves will still put a smile on your face!
We went when my daughter was 5 and again when 8. Absolutely perfect for meeting characters, going to shows and going on the less adventurous rides. She's not into those huge rollercoaster type rides, whereas with a bunch of 12 year old boys, they'd probably think its all lame. We had an absolute ball both times and loved Christmas theme the first time and the Chinese   Halloween   Disney mash up on our second visit. Well worth the visit and the Disney Hotel experience is fun and affordable too.
It was really a dream come true for me when I finally reached Disneyland. The place is just like what I've imagined! All the Disney characters are there and it was really breath taking for me. I get to meet and see the Disney Princess. There's a parade happening every 3pm I guess. Anyways, the map has all the schedules. If you visit Hongkong, Disneyland is definitely the place you shouldn't miss.
The options of rides in disneyland were good. Its surly a one day fun day. When i visited, it was Hallowen week, so had fun with scary rides as well. You really wont miss company, even if you go alone
This place is fit for kids, there is few addrenaline ride here, not much i think, all ride are design for kids, for adult like me its just opening my childhood memories, its just for fun, There is parade that start at 3 pm. The Fireworks show is very recommended for waited. Thats all
The park is too small compared to Japan Disney...the rides are not interesting for adults. The worst part is that I encountered some occasions when other visitors tried to cut lines...it was so annoying...the only part that highlighted my visit when I saw firework performance at night time.
If you are a Disney fan then you have to visit this park at least once.We were visiting Hong Kong and hadn't really planned on seeing the Disney park but on a whim we got on the subway and made our way here.One of the most fun things was the Subway ride. There is a dedicated car (complete with Micky Ears for windows) they built just for the park. Transportation is really easy   I wish they had something like this for the Disney parks in the US.The rides are very much like parks around the world so I won't go into that. However the interesting differences had to do with food and the crowds. Each restaurant had sample plates showing the food in little glass cases (nice touch) but I'll never get over the smell of the waffle  squid  that permeated the park. The locals love it but it honestly made me (American) gag. Other differences were carmel on the popcorn and curry fish balls in food carts. We also enjoyed the Toy Story Land and the new ride in the Grizzly Gulch which had a surprise ending. Lines weren't too bad as we visited during the Chinese New Year.The only negative experience was the crowd which was VERY pushy. Some people cut in lines and the staff didn't do anything about it   I don't think these visitors were from Hong Kong as in the city you don't get this sense of pushiness in the culture. Some of them would take their children push them in front of us then follow them. I gave up after awhile. We were also probably the only Westerners in the entire park which appeared to be 99.9% Chinese visitors maybe I don't understand the culture. The staff was nice and English was not a problem anywhere. If you like Disney then I highly recommend visiting the Hong Kong Disneyland park (despite the pushy crowds). I think it was well worth the relatively low entry price (about $55 US).
As I walk the path alone with serene Christmas songs in the background...I was awestruck like a child in this park! I came very early at around 7 in the morning...greeted by surfboarding Mickey on top of the big whale Moby, there's also Pluto; I wouldn't mind doing a self shot. So lovely under the mid November sky, its a solo, no one was there, I have the park all by myself.
Quite expensive for what is there and the food that i had there was not good. Would say that this is a little bit smaller than euro disney and theres not much to do but then again Disney is aimed for small kids, so they will enjoy it anyway.
This was our second trip to HK disney and we were again blown away with how professional this park is. It is immaculate and extremely well run. Our group of 12 agreed that disney was absolutely magic!The rides were clean and in good working order. Everything was colourful and vibrant and the shows were exciting. We loved the parade which ran for 10 minutes at 3:30pm daily. The golden mickey show is also an absolute must see. It was 30 mins and so amazing. Make sure you sit in the first 6 rows for some special effects. The 4 d show was entertaining although the glasses were a little uncomfortable. We loved all the rides both kids and adults alike. The kids loved toy story land and fantasy land the best. Favourite rides were the parachute drop, toy story lazer shooting ride and the racing cars. We spent almost 2 whole days here and did all but 2 rides. The train was a relaxing way to rest between rides.Tip: get in early by 9:30 as the park is nearly empty and the rides waiting. We were told the tour buses didn't arrive until 11ish and that's when it would get busy. Very true.Also, at the back of the park is a character meet and greet area but everyone usually lines up at the front of Main Street. Head to the back near the train station and don't await as long.The best thing we did was do a VIP tour and jump the queues and have a private viewing space for the parade. Make sure you look this up. It's worth every cent if travelling with kids!
Great day out in Disney Hong Kong, but was very very busy!! So be prepared to que que que!! Great rides & shows & the food is excellent there!
I had no expectation going to Disneyland because I was essentially taking my daughter. Within minutes of arrival I realized I was going to have a great time and I did! The rides, Disney characters the whole place was magical!! Even my fianc   had fun. The food at the corner cafe on main street was amazing!! I also loved the fact that there are photographers all over the place to ensure that you take your memories home! The souvenir shop at the exit has the cutest memorabilia!!! The entrance fee is worth every penny!!!!!
We had the most wonderful time there and it was like transported back to my childhood. This was one place where all of us (my wife and kid included) cried leaving!!
We came here during our family vacation at the Chinese New Year season so everyone was in a festive mood. Disneyland is great. Big park and many cool rides. Don't miss the parade!
If your living in China, you've made this a  home away from home . Then Disneyland is a great place to go, whether by yourself or with others. Obviously not as good as the other disney parks, however the staff are friendly (as always) and the entertainment is still great. I have a membership here and would highly recommend it as a must have pitstop when in Hong Kong. Just remember it is tiny, so don't get your hopes up that it will be as amazing as Disneyland or the other parks.
We came to see the fireworks and we did not regret a moment...Although big crowds during CNY 2013, the way to the park and the way back was very easy with the MTR from HK...Had dinner at the corner cafe Main street USA and had delicious bakery at the Market house bakeryT....he fireworks at 9 pm worth the waiting, almost 15 minutes long, all in all a great day....
Went there Jan 2012 and was like the little kid inside me was coming out. Loved every single attraction there and didn't want to leave when the time was up. You could definitely do the park in one day, but I would take two and really really enjoy it at a slower pace.
With all the hype that surrounds Disney, I expected much more than we got. I liked the layout of the park, the various shops and stalls dotted around and of course the parades along Main Street. I was surprised that, for all the commercial products available in the stores, there was not one DVD in sight   no Cinderella, Snow White or older, but also none of the newer Disney offerings such as Toy Story. Overall it is a theme park aimed at young children, and for that it works well. Unfortunately it seems to be missing some of the interesting items for visitors over 10.
I visited here a few years back,compared to the other disney resorts it is a lot smaller but also less busy. Which means kids can meet the characters and families don't have to queue for ages for a ride.Can't remember the price but there was a nice disney train that escorts you to the park. Would be a nice day out for all the family.Worth a viist.
I was at Disneyland a while back and there are pluses and minuses. On the plus side... if you have kids, they will love it, they have decent rides, their small Disney village is cute and there is beauty all around.On the negative side, it's smaller then I expected, not as many rides as I thought and the queues are very long.
It is better for the kids. However, it's still enjoyable as an adult although the adrenaline level is not that high (at least for me). The firework (Disney at the Stars) display is truly awesome. The Mickey Mouse and Lion King show are also worth watching. Go to the theatres early because the queue is awful. Be prepared for a bit of pushing and shoving when finding a seat (it's not violent, trust me, just be prepared for a bit of physical contact :P). One visit should be enough to get around the whole park. You can even finish the whole park in half day if you walk fast and plan the FastPass well enough :)
I went while in Hong Kong because my companion had never been to Disney ( he is from the ME). He was enchanted with some things like the Tarzan boat ride and treehouse, thrill rides and the train :) There were nice booths for food, lots of commercial product, and a few interactive characters. Of course, English signs are provided and guides are english speaking. But I wouldn't go again. I spent 3 days in Disney Anaheim and did not see it all. I spent 5 hours there and was ready to leave.
We had a blast and are trying to already plan our next trip. This was the first time that any of us had been to Disney. I know that other reviewers had said that this was the smallest of the Disneylands but was plenty for us and our 2 year old. We did a 2 day pass and still didn't get to everything. But we where going at a slow speed since we had a toddler leading the way.
Not a big theme park and we finished this in about 4 hours. Admittedly we only had 4 rides (Grizzly Mine car and Space Mountain are the best) and ignored all the shows. It all depends on whether you have young children with you or not. We did not but decided to visit to say that at least we had been there. Our impression was that it would be great for a family with young children. You could spend hours on all the rides and shows. For us there were too many shops and as usual you were locked in to buying what they wanted you to eat and drink. As you enter your bags are searched to ensure that apart from a bottle of water for each person   no food or other drinks are brought in. Food quality was OK and reasonably tasty. Cleanliness was as expected and there are plenty of places to sit. Somer quite long waits for rides so suggest you get a ticket to return later. There are a lot of sedate rides for those that don't care to shout and scream as the gravity rises and falls in some of the faster rides (aforesaid Grizzly and Space mountain rides!). A small thing but for a theme park I would have expected more staff would understand english. Take a hat though as it can get quite hot standing in the sun waiting in a queue. Disappointing is how my family with oner teenager described the theme park. I felt that way too, but as I have said if you have young children   go for it.
Decided to take my son who's turned 7 to Hong Kong Disneyland to bring in his birthday. And boy he did have a ball! He didn't mind the 2 hour wait before we got our room allotted at Disney's Hollywood Hotel, choosing to run around all over the hotel.Some great places to dine, including Chef Mickey's Restaurant and The Studio Lounge that has amazing Pizza! The best part of the trip was of course Disneyland which he couldn't get enough and tons of toys to carry back as birthday presents. His best birthday ever, he reckons!
what can be said about the disney which is not said before. I was surely disappointed with the size of the park. It is surely the smallest of the disney parks. The rides are all nice but i surely missed a super thrilling hair raising ride !!!!!!!!!!
We visited Hong Kong Disneyland as a family of 5. 2 Adults and 3 Kids aged 6 and twins 3. It was very easy to get to with the MTR and the special Disneyland train is wonderful. The magic starts as soon as you get on the train. It's only a small Disneyland much like Paris. We have visited Paris and also Disneyland California. We purchased the two day pass down at the Avenue of Stars at Kowloon and received a free gift for doing so. Made it easier than having to line up at the gate to purchase tickets. The park has a great magical feeling as soon as you walk thru the gate just like the other parks. We had a ball on all the rides and watching all the shows. Our daughter could go on all the rides except RC Racer and the twins were able to go on all the rides except RC Racer and Space Mountain. We visited in January during the week and most waits for rides were about 5 min. Most rides you got on the next turn. I think the most we waited was about 15 min for Dumbo on the second day. The only ride that we had to wait a long time for was Autopia I think that was about 40 min then on the second day we went when the parade was on and only had to wait about 20 min. Its a wonderful park for younger kids as plenty for them to go on. The fireworks at the end of the day is well worth staying for. Food is quite expensive. Well for Hong Kong anyway. We always had breakfast and then a roll before entering the park. We then only purchased lunch which was a waffle that was the shape of Mickey Mouse for the kids from memory that was HK$50 each and we just had things from the Bakery then we had dinner on the way back to our hotel. Will add photos of the Menus and prices for some of the restaurants in the park. We went on everything in the park. After the first day we still had a couple of thing to see on the second day but if you only went on everything once you could probably do it in one day if the lines were not long. We found that two days was better as then on the second day we did the rides that we enjoyed more than once and then did some shopping. We did find that they didn't have the selection of gifts like the other disneylands. They were very limited with clothing for the kids unlike the other disneylands we have been to. On the website it has that you are unable to take any food in with you. They do check your bags for security reasons on the way in and we were able to take fruit and snacks for the kids each day. On both days the security person saw the food and never said anything about it. It is a magical place and we got the same feeling walking into this park as we did in Paris and LA. A must visit for Hong Kong.
Having done Disney in Florida and Paris, we took the opportunity to check it out again on a recent visit to HK. Smaller than the others but based on the familiar layout, it was nevertheless well worth the outing. Easily accessible by MTR, but do go early when crowds and queues were minimal. Not the big thrill rides of some, butToy Story Land was new and different, plus a nice variety on Grizzly Gulch (c w Big Thunder Mountain) and HKs own varient of Space Mountain. Probably best for youngsters rather than adrenalin seeking teens, but still a good experience.
Hong Kong Disneyland is definitely smaller than the one in Anaheim but that doesn't detract from its charm. It's definitely a family oriented theme park so if you are looking for big thrill rides you will be disappointed. It's very easy to get to on the MTR as it has its own designated line.Disneyland was getting ready for Halloween so there were skeletons, tomb stones and cob webs everywhere. We had arrived early to beat the crowds (and heat) so could wander at our leisure up Main Street and visit each of the 'Lands'. No matter how old you are you will always enjoy a ride on the tea cups!! There were plenty of shady areas and stands selling cold drinks. We had lunch at the Castle which was an air conditioned haven. The food was pretty average but you could choose from pizza, burgers, salads and grills. The crowds grew as the day progressed. Unfortunately so did the bus loads of tourists from Mainland China who were very pushy and rude. They obviously have no knowledges of queues as they just barged in front of people. A shame as you shouldn't have to fight for a place in a line.The souvenir shops were well stocked with all sorts of Disney memorabilia and there were plenty of photo opportunities with Disney characters. A fun day out with or without children!!
It may not be the biggest Disney Land, but that's what makes it perfect for a one day visit. Go early as cues for the rides can be long. I think that the park is more fun for the younger children, but even my oldest,13 yrs, had fun. Definitely worth the visit!
Disney atmosphere capture you before step in the park, MTR Disneyland Resort Line train is Disney fashioned and an attraction by itself. The park was not as busy as I expected, we moved easily from one attraction to other. Also, the park is not that big, one full day visit was enough for us. All Disney Characters were always so kind and friendly for greetings and pictures. But the best of all were the fireworks, you can   t leave before the fireworks show, it is spectacular and my touch your soul.
If you are in Hong Kong you have to go to this place, the age is irrelevant to have fun here. Do go to the space mountain and the jungle safari and of course the fireworks at the end which transport you to a magical world. There are plenty amenities inside the campus and the staff is happy to help, I would recommend to start early so that you could enjoy and relish each and every ride and part of various lands which this amazing place has to offer. And please don't have the misconception that Ocean park is similar to it, they are very different and both are a must for the visitors of Hong Kong.
initially had doubts of heading over to HK disneyland due to the many rumours of it being dull and boring and wasnt as nice compared to ocean park.but after having experienced it myself, i must say it was a journey worth made. the train itself to disneyland was all propped up in disney fashion, with mickey mouse windows.disneyland itself was certainly amazing, really did relive the childhood memories from back then.
it was smaller than what I expected and heard about. but still it was clean, nice, fun and good place to enjoy and we enjoyed some of its attraction. they need to work more on it and expend the size if possible and put more attractions inside. you are supposed to spend all day there but me and friend stay for few hours and didn't find any more thing to do and we left early. also the food is expensive and quantity is very small.
One of the MUST visited place especially for family. You and your family would definitely have great fun surrounded with excitement. The park is very clean. I will definitely come back!
I am like a child when I am in Disney. I like to go back here again and again and again. Food is quite expensive but worth it. I love the Space Mountain ride, gives so much adrenalin rush.
it was fun..my children was very happy & enjoyed all the rides..plan to go back next year with same companion.the sad part was,we never had a chance to witness the fireworks..we forgot!
We really enjoyed out time at Hong Kong Disneyland. Its very small compared to the Californian version but it still has the Disney vibe and is a nice family orientated place. The lines aren't too long, the staff are friendly, it is clean and tidy and is full of all the typical Disney enthusiasm you come to associate with Disneyland. A great place to visit.
We came here not knowing what to really expect as we had heard mixed reviews from friends about DL HK. After visiting, I can say this theme park is really catered towards young children as rides and very tacky, uninteresting and not thrilling.   My title...More
This is place is so much fun!! The staff are nice and very helpful and the attractions are awesome. I felt like a kid again and loved every minute of the place...though they do need a better range of food there. i love the little...More
Hongkong Disneyland is a smaller version of the original Disneyland in Anaheim California. They captured the essence of the original concept although some rides were missing like the haunted mansion and pirates of the caribbean. There were the usual themes like adventureland, fantasyland, toystory land, tomorrowland and mainstreet USA. We enjoyed the encounter with stitch and the different shows. Great job with the Lion King show..there were plenty of Filipino Casts and dancers...good job. The fireworks display was not that impressive but the musical sound system being played in the background was awesome....my husband and I were wondering how they were able to maintain the wholeness of the sound considering it encompasses a very large open area...cool!!! Are we going back? Definitely ...no matter how old you are, the child in you never goes away. That is what Disneyland will give to you....your youth.
HK Disneyland. The place is good, the performers are superb, the decorations are cute. I can tell that a lot of thought had been put into it's creation. But little did they know. The heavy influx of PRC tourists took away all the magic of this Disneyland. And it was an off peak period. No one was ready for the onslaught of pushing, shoving and cutting of queues. Even the staff had a problem keeping them in check. Not worth it, not going back, not bringing my kids in future.
This was our first visit to any of the Disney theme parks, so we didn't exactly know what to expect. We knew there would be lines, for instance, but we were initially overwhelmed and disappointed by just how long we would have to wait for each and every activity, including character greetings. (We thought they'd just be mingling around, but we had to line up and wait for each individually.) In fact, during our first hour or so, we actually regretted buying a 2 day pass, thinking we'd just be standing in line endlessly. (By the way, most wait times are 30 45 mins. Times are posted clearly and updated frequently, and  Fast Pass  is available for some rides, if you can figure out how it works.)Anyway, once we steeled our nerves and determined what we really valued doing, we got into it and learned to use the wait times for snacking and to allow our daughter (not quite 3, so free admission!) to rest. And actually, just after opening (on a Monday) and again during the midday parade, the lines were short enough for us to run through and do repeat rides, so I guess it wasn't too bad after all. As far as atmosphere and attractions, I'd say HKDisney was ideal: very clean, great weather (warm in January!), big enough for 2 days of exploring, yet small enough to find your way around and feel like you've gotten to do everything. All cast members were very kind and helpful; the rides were fun (Futureland's Space Mountain, Adventureland's River Cruise, Fantasyland's  It's a Small World , etc.); the shows were enjoyable (some performances are mostly in English, ex: Lion King, while some are mostly in Cantonese, ex: The Golden Mickeys). Food and drink prices are high, of course, so we would (perhaps ironically) recommend going for the big ticket items like the surf & turf (steak & lobster) at the American restaurant, which was much better and ultimately more valuable than the overpriced hot dogs we had at the Buzz Lightyear cafe.Transportation to from is easy and efficient: the MTR (subway) goes there for about 25HK$ per person one way and even includes a special Disney railway car for the final stage of the trip.Overall, we ended up loving it. We can't compare it to the other Disney parks, but we would certainly recommend HK Disney.
I used to deny the fact that there is indeed a child in me. But the minute I stepped into the Island Resort, there was an undeniable fact that Disneyland is not just for kids, but also those young in heart. If you are going, one day should be enough especially if visiting on a weekday. Make sure you eat heavy before going and be there as the park opens at 10am. The park closes after the fireworks display at 8pm. Expect that food inside the park is very expensive but good thing, you can bring in your own water, there are drinking fountains everywhere. You can also bring in bread and biscuits but not rice meals, cola products or chips.
Hong Kong Disneyland is a recommended day trip out for anyone, no matter what age you are! I took the bus there which was very cheap for a ticket.Theme park tickets are $390. HKD for a day pass. Great attractions to see. I recommend the Stitch show, which was brilliant! Interactive technology! :) If you have time, go and see the Lion King show also, that was pretty cool too.There are various places to eat & drink, lots to choose from. And a great fireworks display in the evening just before they close.You can get the MTR direct to the theme park also, on the 'Disney' train! ;)
My first ever Disneyland memorable day. Loved the Adventure Land Mountain Ride, and Space Ride. Disney Parade was beyond words . Fire works in the end were above average, I wouldent stay back for fireworks if i go back again. You can get baby stroller on rent.
We went to Disneyland Hong Kong with a 3.5 year old, and a 13 month old. As an adult, initially I rated it 3 10, but conceded that to a child, it would have been 8 10. Having read the other reviews, I expected the pushing and shoving, rude tourists, queue jumpers, and extended line up times. All of which occurred, inparticular during the parade in which people wouldn't take no for an answer and continued to try to elbow us out the way. My husband nearly ripped one guys shoulder off when shoving him back so I wouldn't drop my baby. All in all, the kids could go on most rides, and our 3 year old was pretty good at waiting in lines. Some rides were quite disappointing (like dumbo the elephant, the carousel), in that the staff would begin the ride without all seats being filled. We went to Disneyland on a Monday, and had been warned not to go on a weekend or holiday. However after we went to ocean park on the Friday following, Disneyland won hands down for younger kids (ie  there were no rides to cater for kids under 122 cm tall at Ocean park, but hardly any rides at Disneyland excluded our 3 year old). So even though there were lines, you wouldn't be turned away from a ride with a young child. We managed to get through and experience most things at Disneyland during the one day (given that we left at 5.40pm), so the few rides with big line ups  we did those on a partial second day. For around au$14 extra per ticket, it is worth the 2 day pass, just in case, and because you kinda know your way around on the second day, you enjoy your food and take your time.The food on the first day was a bit disappointing in regard to searching the streets for a vendor (I could only find ones selling popcorn  and thought we should have something a bit more substantial for lunch), and then I walked back through the park to a bakery near the entrance for some food to take back to toystoryland where my husband was lining up for a ride with the 3 yr old. Quite a walk. other places required you to dine in. However in retrospect, it makes good sense to have a snack or otherwise by around 11am, and then go for a late lunch around 2pm in the royal banquet hall ( good selection of eastern and western food), and hardly a line of people that late, so service is immediate and you can find a table easily too. The food in there was good. To meet the characters, the lines were always too long to the point where they wouldn't accept people to line up anymore, and told you to come back in an hour etc. this didn't bother us because we booked the character buffet dinner at the Disneyland hotel, enchanted garden restaurant, as advertised on the disneyland website. We booked in advance, although the restaurant was not full, and by eating at 6pm Instead of later, the characters had a lot of time to interact because the crowds tend to come in later in Hong Kong. My Only advice is  the hotel is actually out of the Disneyland gates. You catch a shuttle there. Nobody told us this prior, we thought it was within Disneyland itself. The we got confused as to which of the 2 hotels the dinner was at  and ended up at the wrong one. All turned out ok in the end, the international buffet was amazing, best food. And having 2 blonde little fair skinned girls, Minnie Mouse took quite a liking to our table, our girls were chuffed, and we ended up with over 6 folders of photos to choose a selection from!! Even as an adult rating the park 3 10, the dinner is 10 10. We also hired a stroller for the day  recommended. You had to leave the stroller in designated stroller bays for some rides (like the jungle cruise, or its a small world etc), however they are clearly labelled, and you don't leave your bags in them). The mtr was easy to get there, and recommended, however don't hang around for the fireworks at 8pm (we could see them after we finished our buffet dinner at the hotel and got the free shuttle bus back to Disneyland to get the mtr  firstly, they did not last long, so unless you're in love with fireworks, you'll be disappointed) AND secondly, there was a mass exodus and people pushing and shoving on the train. The only good thing about this was that as soon as people see that you have a baby or young child  they give up their seat no questions asked. So in contrast to our poor ocean park experience  if you have children under 130cm tall, or children under age 6 7, definitely choose Disneyland instead of ocean park. 2 day ticket is worth it, but if you're not that interested in rides, the character buffet dinner (enchanted garden restaurant at the Disneyland hotel) is a MUST. Even if you skip the park if you're short on time, do the dinner alone, worth it's weight in gold.
Anyone that does not feel like a kid again once they step onto the Disney train should not be there.   what can i say, it is Disney. very clean, very fun and very crowded
Wow! What a great park! I was expecting Disney to be really small and 'boring', judging by what others had written and also in comparison to Ocean Park. My expectations were blown right out of the water! I would not consider the park small in any way (only if comparing to the US equivalent). We stayed all the way from opening time 10am to closing time 8pm and went on 17 rides and attractions in total. We did not get to all the attractions as there just wasn't enough time. People who say they can get through the park in one day obviously skip a lot of rides and don't wait in line to get photos with characters. If you have the time for a 2 day pass it would be worth it. That way you can really take your time exploring the park.Other positives:New grizzly gulch section was great and a nice edition that does not feature in other disney parks (the toy story area was also great). Mystic point is due to open sometime this year and that will complete the park quite nicely. It all means that grizzly point would not result in a dead end and will assist in an easier circulation around the park. Terrain is flat and easy for people of all ages to walk around. People with mobility issues will find this park easier to access compared to Ocean Park. Queuing time is short, usually only takes about 5 10mins (in January). The longest time we spent queuing was 20mins and that was for the mine cart ride at grizzly peak towards the end of the day. Of course this is in winter time, I'd imagine summer would be much busier and more unpleasant in terms of crowds and waiting in the heat.Firework display at the end of the day is a must. Just amazing and this one matches the same disney standards I saw when visiting the US.TIP   I highly recommend that if you want to get a photo with Mickey, Goofy, Pluto or Pooh bear   that you go to the gazebo garden area in fantasyland where the photo area is located. The best time to go is about 5:30 6:00pm. At this time the queues are only about 5 people long compared to the 20  50 people I queued with. The staff in disneyland have good English understanding (compared to my experience with staff at Ocean Park). They are efficient in clearing and organising crowds and what I loved most was their attention to detail. Whether it be in the landscaping around the park, character actors, stimulating queuing areas or cleanliness. It really was all to a high standards.Negatives:There are none. I really wanted to give at least one to be constructive, but I honestly do not have anything that I was not satisfied with.If you are planning to travel to HK I would encourage you to visit Disneyland   even if you don't have young children, it is sure worth the visit.
If you've visited Disney in Florida or Paris, Hong Kong Disney is a much smaller version, and does not have many good rides. Good rides to me are roller coasters, Alton Towers Thorpe Park (UK) standard. I went to Florida when a child, and the Paris a few years ago in my 20's and loved both.If you are doing a stop over flight in Hong Kong and you have a spare half day, with children, then its worth going to. The parade was good, space mountain, and the runaway train were good rides for semi thrill seekers, but I felt that the local visitors preferred to go there to take pictures and queue for half an hour to see each Disney character rather than go on the rides. As per many attractions the food was quite expensive but they did have a number of restaurants to choose from varying in price. The park was easy to get to on the MTR (underground) I would suggest all those going there travel by this way as they have a Disney train which is great. You need to travel on the Tung Chung line to Sunny Bay, and then its one stop from there. It is very close to the International airport also.One thing I also noted was that the rides are not catered for tall people, so if you are over 6ft tall, good luck fitting in some of the rides!
This is as usual for Disneyland very well done and brilliant for all ages. It doesn't have any big or wild rides   but for little ones and a single day out its good. This is really for younger children   but the shows (we saw the Lion King and a musical one with Donald Duck and Mickey Mouse) are excellent and can be appreciated by everyone, what ever age. As always, its not cheap to get in and funily enough this is the most expensive MTR fare we paid in two weeks. But having said that   its a great day out and we noticed that the catering prices were very reasonable here compared to other disneylands we have visited in the past. We liked the Grizzly Gulch Train ride so much we went on it three times. Not too busy early in the day and even later you never had to queue for more than 10 15 minutes and that was on a school holiday.
Right after I set foot on the entrance of Disneyland, I felt the boy in me imbibed my whole body. I felt like I am transported to my childhood. Most of us grew up with Disney characters and seeing them in person was magical. My favorites in the park and I highly recommend to visit are the Toy Story Land and the Festival of the Lion King. I also love the Parade of Fatasy. It was nice to see that most of the dancers are the from the Philippines. :)
I felt like I was transported back to my childhood days where I dreamt of meeting the princesses, mickey and his friends.. the fireworks display at night was worth the wait.. no regrets spending my time there.. will definitely save up to visit Disney again. This time I hope it will be the Disney world in Orlando..
Going to Disneyland was my childhood dream that finally came true. Came here with my friends straight from the HKIA   which I don't recommend. We were exhausted after transitting in Singapore from Jakarta in the middle of night to catch the earliest flight to HK. We bought the tickets from our hotel's website (Golden Crown Guest House) and got discounted price for HKD 370  pax.Arriving at Disneyland was a surreal experience since it was on top of my bucket list that I didn't think would ever become reality. And yes, I think two days would be the perfect amount of time to explore what this theme park has to offer. You got to be prepared too if coming here in peak season. Thank God there's this thing called Fastpass. The attractions are varied and divided by theme so if you are going to Disneyland for only a day, you can choose what attraction you like most and look for it in the map. The souvenirs are a bit pricey but I think it wouldn't hurt to buy that Minnie Mouse hair band.Getting there was easy, just took the MTR to Sunny Bay and take the train to Disneyland Resort. Don't forget to check out the parade and fireworks, take a ride on The Space Mountain, and try the sweet Mickey Waffle. You'd feel like a child again.
I love Disneyland, and this is my first trip as an adult to Disneyland as I went years ago as a child to Disneyland in USA. The highlights of my visit is:1) Grizzly Gulch ride2) Parade3) FireworkIf going to Disneyland Hong Kong, I would recommend not to miss the three things I've listed. And do be warned that going to the  small small world , be prepare to keep on singing the song. As some reviewer mention, Disneyland Hong Kong are best for children, for adults that thrive on rides might be a tad disappointed.. PS:Though for adults, do make sure you are healthy enough to ride space mountain
Hubby, eldest daughter and myself had been to Hong Kong Disneyland in the November just after it had opened and spent one fabulous day there and the weather was great. It was a birthday celebration trip for them. We returned with our family of 7 aged from 8 80 and spent 2 days in Hong Kong Disneyland during May 2012. It was so hot and steamy. This trip a new land had just opened Toy Story land. Everyday all of would don our Mickey Minnie ears and toddled off from the Disneyland Hotel. Staying at the Disneyland Hotel was great, as we could go back and have a rest and then return. (Please see my review on this hotel as well.) We had a wonderful time. I am sad to say that many mainland Chinese people seem to be a bit pushy and tried to jump queues. Food was great and varied at the restaurants we ate at and reasonably priced compared to the theme parks here on the Gold Coast. Service was also good at the restaurants. Toilets were very clean as were the grounds. All my children even the older ones enjoyed all the rides. I would recommend this activity for everyone no matter how old you are cause as soon as you walk through the turnstiles you become a kid again.
No need to introduce more about disneyland, everybody will love and feel like a kids again. If you bring a family with kids its a MUSTTTT visit ! put down all you stress and enjoy it!
One thing I like about HK is the efficient transport service. You can just use MTR and reach there within 1 hour from Kowloon. For a Disney character fan like me, Disneyland is a haven. I strongly recommend you to purchase the 2 days tickets, as one day is definitely not enough to explore everything!
We absolutely loved Disneyland. My boys are 11 and 7 and both had a great time over the two days we were there. The rides were fun, if not overly thrilling, but I assume at is due to the target audience being a little younger than other theme parks. The highlight for us was the shows which had a real broadway feel to them. Overall a really positive experience topped off by the magic of watching the fireworks over the Disney castle. I'd suggest you wouldn't need more than two days here, we started to run out of things to do three quarters of the way through day two.
but still a magical adventure. Went to HK Disney for the first time over the weekend. Some of the rides were very different than those in the US. I was expecting to be seated in some of the rides (i.e. the Haunted House). Turned out I needed to walk. If I had no basis for comparison, I would definitely return to the HK Disney again. What I absolutely hated the most was line cutting from the Mainland Chinese tourists were severe. My family and I were next in line and a family of 10 came out of nowhere and cut in front of us.
We went as a family of 4 with a 2 days pass, the kids loved it but unfortunately long queue for all rides and flocked by mainlanders. Generally small compared to Disneyland US or Japan. If you need stroller, they do hire for day rate @ 90HKD with 100HKD refundable deposit. Park cleanliness is well maintained but toilet can be on the down side due to high traffic. Will probably revisit when kids are older and hopefully they will be more attractions.
This is my first time visiting Disneyland and boy, what an adventure I had in Disneyland Hong Kong. It was like reliving all my childhood memories the moment I stepped my feet into the theme park. Disneyland is truly the place where a grown up can be unashamedly giddy and smiling all the time watching Mickey and his lovely gangs' entertaining performances. It may be the smallest Disneyland in the world but for us, one whole day in the park is still not enough. I would love to go back again someday.
This was our first Disneyland experience. We are happy with the size of the park as our two daughters of 5 and 7 are not used to a lot of walking. We stayed at the Kingdom club at Disneyland hotel, which gave us some very useful fast passes. The weather was a little drissling during our stay in end November last year. So we came prepared with umbrellas and jackets. Though we spend two days at the park (we got complimentary tickets from the hotel package) we couldn't really finish the park. So I am surprise to hear that a day is more than enough. Maybe it is if you intend to skip the rides and the shows. Even with our duration, we missed the Grizzly area. Perhaps it was because of the weather and that my kids at frequent toilet and food breaks. I'd personally prefer to take our time to enjoy the park and that's what we did.We were fortunate to have visited during a weekday as the crowd was less (though still crowded). And thanks to the light drissling, we encountered shorter queues with the characters and princesses. We managed to have photo sessions with all characters, Aurora, Rapunzel and Cinderella. The kids really enjoyed their converstions with the princesses (it was as if they were really from the cartoons). Rapunzel and Cinderella were hilarious when they talked about their princes and horses. Due to weather the parade was replaced by a shorter train version. That was a disappointment but oh well.The fireworks in the evening is a must see. We took a quick dinner and started waiting on the front row for a good 45 mins. That was soooo worth it.We wanted to maximise our time at the park, so we had our lunches and dinners there. Try to go for the pricier food court (forgot the name) if you want to avoid the mainland crowd. That can save a lot of precious time.We had a memoriable time here. We will probably be back to cover the areas we missed. The kids had a blast, and that was the most important for me.
Smaller than the other Disneyland Parks but still lots of fun. We easily got round the park in one day. Even though a lot of the rides said a half hour wait, we generally waited only about 10 15 minutes for most rides. We were there on a Sunday and there were a lot of people there but wait times for the rides weren't too long. The park was very clean. We found it not as expensive as the other Disney Parks so did a bit of shopping there at the Disney shops. It was quick and easy to get to using the MTR. Overall a Fantastic day!
If you haven't been to a Disney Park before, and wanted to live the experience for maximum 2 days, then this is the place for you. Although this is the smallest Disney Park, it still has the samemajic and charm found in the other Parks.The rides in the Park are good for the kids (4 years and above),and adults can still enjoy few rides (space mountain, grizzly gulch and couple in Toy StoryLand). The good thing about the Park is that staff are very friendly, very neat and clean, and has a  Halal Food  restaurant that could be enjoyed by muslim travellers. I found this Park little cheaper than EuroDisney, especially in the entrance fees and Disney shops.They have a limited number of shows, and I managed to enter the  Lion King Festival  which found to be very entertaining and amazing.Depending on the season, either one or two parades are made during sunlight, and at night they do not have a night parade, but fireworks show, They do close some parts of the Park early as a safety precaution for the fireworks show. I would recommend this Park for travellers going through Hong Kong for a short time transit, but more than 2 days for this Park is not required.
I am aiming to take my kids to all Disney theme parks and on the Disney cruise. In 2012 we went to Orlando, this year Hong Kong, next year Paris etc.I recommend going to HK Disney if you specifically want to go to Disneyland however if you're after rides and theme parks then Ocean Park is actually better.As a Disney theme park, it has all the great rides we love including buzz lightyear, carousel etc etc. There were long lines so we spent more time in the rides area they didn't have in Orlando such as the Toy Story area and Jungle Book.It was easy to get to via the MTR (Tung Ching line, get off at Sunny Bay and you won't miss the trains going to Disney) with the added bonus of catching a Disney train complete with the little details Disney are known for (e.g. mickey shaped windows).You can also buy the tickets from various MTR stations but we bought ours at the gates and there were no lines so we had no issues.
The GF and I went on January 2nd. As an AP holder for Disneyland in California, we had this expectation of  Holiday  Disneyland, the best time to go to Disneyland.Different country, different rules. The castle was not covered in fake snow and I did feel slightly disappointed. Only slightly because the backdrop of Disney HK are the beautiful lush green mountains of Lantau Island. It was so nice to see compared to Disneyland USA. Many of the rides are similar but some highlights are the Lion King show. It is in English with Cantonese narration. Grizzly Gulch is a fun roller coaster that even goes backwards! Its fast and fun and definitely worth it. Winnie the Poo. Okay, for you Disneyland annual pass holders, you have to agree that the ride in Disneyland USA is awful. D land HK made this ride the way I thought it was going be in D land USA, till the first awful ride.Overall, if you have the extra time in HK to visit Disneyland have at it. There is plenty of things to do in HK that is more interesting, unless you are a Disney addict. Oh yeah, dont expect to find any churros. It has been replaced by dried squid and Mickey Waffles.In short, the park is smaller with a few differences. If you are a disney fan, its a must. If you are not a disney fan, I would spend the day elsewhere.
We took our 4 year old twins here. It was their first time in Disneyland, so of course, they loved it! I've been to many amusement parks before, including the Disneyland in California. Thought this one was really small and just ok. Although not too crowded, we still had to wait an average of 30 45 min. for a ride, which lasted maybe only 1 min. From that standpoint, it didn't seem worthwhile. However, we stayed til closing. The last hour we were there, we were able to zip through the lines with little wait or no wait at all. We rode more rides in that last hour than we did the entire day! Then it was fun!
we really enjoy much on new rides and new zones in HK disneyland during our last visit in Dec. We almost exclude this out as we just took our kids to Disneyland in Japan in April. But then when check on its website, we learned there are many new rides, esp. related to Toy Story which we just let our kids watch it. highly recommended for the racing car ride and parachute, great fun.
On our recent holiday to Hong Kong we paid a visit to Disneyland. We bought our tickets from the vendor in Kowloon and purchased Senior tickets HK $100 which is roughly   8 a bargain. We made our own way there from Causeway Bay using the MTR changing at Central, walking to Hong Kong to board the Tung Chung Line to Sunnay Bay. At Sunny Bay we boarded the Disney Express which takes you within a few minutes walking of the entrance to the park. After going through security we found ourselves on Main Street from their we visited Toy Storyland, Tomorrow Land,Adventure Land and Fantasy Land and the newest area Grizzly Gulch. The attractions in the park and the rides are sufficient to enjoy in one day. The park opens at 10.00 a.m. until 9.00pm with the parade at 12.30 and 3.30 p.m. depending on which day you visit. There are several food outlets selling mainly chinese cuisine, we found bakery which sold sandwiches, cakes, pastries etc and all reasonably priced. I am sure they could have made the park bigger as there is plenty of land but for a cheap day out it was great. In fact we enjoyed it so much we went back for another visit.
Should not miss the Disney Flights Parade.. Wow wonderful to see the characters live and kids will be mesmerized. Due to new year season we experienced tooooo much crowd and queues in every point of Disneyland.
We arrived Disneyland around 2 pm and we really regret to make Disneyland as only half day tour. A lot of attractions that we missed out due to time constraint. HK Disneyland offer a lot of superb shows and one should not missed any one of it. The main attraction here is the Disneyland firework over far far away palace where spectacular fireworks will be shown at 8 pm every night. Really awesome firework I ever watched in my life.
Reaching Disneyland by MTR is fast and fun because the car which takes you to resort is interesting designed with mickey mouse avtars.We stayed in the Disneyland   s Hollywood hotel & resort and opted for two day pass to visit the Disneyland Park. Believe it or not we were not be able to cover all the attractions in those two days. Mainly because we visited the resort park on weekend and it was heavily crowded then. Weekdays could be a better choice if you want to avoid rush.Even though Hong Kong Disneyland looks small in area but this park has many thing to offer you. There are many attraction to keep one busy and entertained. Fireworks at night were amazing and it is indeed the best attraction there. Show of Lion King and Golden Mickey were very good and entertaining. Ride @ Grizzly Gulch was thrilling specially when it moves in reverse direction. 4D show of Donald duck was funny and ride thru    It   s a small world    was interesting.Disney character pared is small but good. It   s a struggle to get a good sight to see the pared. Other attraction were also good but if you are tight on schedule than they can be give a miss.Goodies on the shops are little expensive but good in quality. Overall a very nice place to spend a complete day or even more if you want to : )
i hate to compare it with Disneyland in California which I had been to several times because in terms of size, they are so apart! HK disneyland is much smaller, less rides of course. But they also have the traditional parade. Most of the good performers I have noticed are Filipinos. :)
When i went to HK disneyland is was still relatively new and quite small but for the park size, price and crowd size it was incredible. Still as festive and happy as the other resorts, I would recommend it to any disney fan. The shopping is great as is the food. I am counting the days until i go back :)
indeed, it was fun park, disneyland. though small in size and coverable in just 1 day, experience was nice. it was peak of holiday season and jam packed park with long queues but kids enjoyed all rides. we were in group of 10, 6A and 4C but all had fun. its small world and buzz lightyear was difinately to watch for kids. toy story land can be expandable to more games. had terrible experience during lion king show .... queue arrangement and then crowd handling was not at all proper. park admin need to work on that.souvenir 10% discount is till 10:30am..... so do we need to buy 1st or decide for rides 1st? confuzing......tarzan ride is nothing to enjoy for... just you can have some pop corns while sitting in a boat....not able to watch firework as very chilled. Park admin may think on changing timings of firework in winter.... lot of ppl complaning about 8pm timings......advice to visitors is avoid peak season, if you want to avoid queue. park mgt is not reading reviews otherwise some reviews are shouting for discipline crowd control measures.food in the park is costly, but you think this as treat, instead of carrying your own one.
Disneyland will bring you to happy children world. Every game was designed for children, so every children can try all of games.   Mickey mouse show is special show that must be seen in Disneyland. But because the capacity is limited, it is better if you...More
My partner and i visited HK Disneyland on a Monday which was great as it wasnt too crowded. The most we had to wait for any line or attraction was 15 minutes. We stayed from about 11   7 and saw everything we wanted to. It was a magical great day. We highly recommend the shows   both lion king and the golden mickeys. The parade was great too. The rides were ok but we knew going in that this Disneyland is not geared to adrenaline rushes. Im a big kid so i loved the fantasy of the place and reminded me of my childhood. I would return! The only negatives are the other tourists   they can be so rude and pushy. The food is exxy but as long as you prepare for it thats ok.
In a span of one year, I've been here two times and I still wasn't able to see ALL of the attractions. Too many sights to see so one day is definitely not enough! So many different 'lands' to see, but you SHOULD visit Adventure Land and Fantasy Land   these are my favorites!My first time here was in February and we were glad that we had the opportunity to try the rides because when it was around 3pm already, lots of people arrived, which made it almost impossible to try the rides since you had to wait at least 45 minutes because of the crowd! On my second visit, again, we had a hard time trying out the rides, but at around 7pm, I noticed that people stopped going the rides; probably because it was almost time for the fireworks. So here's a tip, ride or see all the attractions before 3pm and  or after 7pm because those are the times when there aren't too many people lining up! All in all, it is a nice place with lots of nice attractions. I especially enjoyed my latest visit here in December because when it was already night time, there was (fake) snow falling along Main Street! I guess, it is a nice idea to visit this place at different occasions because there's always something 'special'... I'd love to see it during Halloween!
From my experience, most people who don't have a good time at Disneyland didn't do research and didn't plan their time properly. Do some research and plan carefully to have the best time. This is true for any Disney park in the world, and especially important on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day.I went on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. It was certainly open and busy. Going on Christmas Eve Day is do able but to make sure you have a great time, you have to do some forward planning and following some strategies. I preface this by saying it was just my husband and I, no children and we're 31 years old with prior experience in Disney Parks in America.1. If you can possibly afford to stay in the Kingdom Club level at Disneyland Hotel, it is worthwhile as they will give you front of the line passes for one show and one ride per person for each day you are in the Park. The first time we walked past 200 waiting people to go into the theatre first was when I realised it was worth every penny.2. Buy your tickets online or at the hotel to save time.3. Check out the park map and ride show descriptions on the website before you leave home and make a list of the  must sees . You will need two full days to see it all, especially if you have kids.4. It pays to get there at least 45 mins before the official park opening time (if you haven't bought your tickets) as Main Street will opening for shopping and bakery goods (and while we were there, they offered 15% off for all purchases bought before 10:00am, official opening time). If you are staying in either of the Disney hotels, the cashier can arrange for your purchases to be delivered to the hotel free of charge.5. 15 mins before the official park opening time, go to the rope drop at the Hub in front of the castle, carefully choosing the direction of the land you want to visit first. I strongly recommend Toy Story Land, followed by Grizzly Gulch, then Fantasyland.6. If it's important to you to have a proper sit down meal, make your reservation as soon as you enter the Park. To enjoy a meal in the hotel on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day, you will have to book a month out at least (ASAP) and pay in full. No kidding. It's worth it.7. Research the proper use of FastPass before you go and use whenever you can   without this you will have a miserable time, I cannot say that strongly enough. This is particularly important if you are not staying on the Kingdom Club level. If you are staying with Kingdom Club, you can still get more time specific Fastpasses using your entry ticket.8. Do not miss any of the shows or parades or the fireworks, they are spectacular and some were even better than those at Disneyland California. I was blown away. For parades, you can show up 15 mins before for reasonable views unless you have children   you should arrive 30mins before if you want them to have good views or the potential to participate in the dance in the parade.9. Some rides offer  Single Rider  lines which makes the wait much quicker but you won't be able to ride with your friends family. Check the website to see which rides offer this.Those are my tips for Disneyland on Christmas Eve Christmas Day especially but you could probably use most of these on other busier days.Follow as many of those tips as you can and it will help you have a great time.For Disney Fans: I have been the California parks twice and Orlando once. I did four months of research using websites, blogs, forum posts and reviews before I went. I was prepared for the smallest park in the world with perhaps not much to do and maybe not as clean as other parks. I was pleasantly surprised.This was a very clean park and certainly had  the magic . The cast members were so friendly and gave out stickers to kids and Disney fans like me when they saw me collecting them.The Castle is small but that's okay. Toy Story Land will blow you away. Grizzly Gulch is an amazing ride. Like Big Thunder Mountain Railroad, which halfway through the ride.... no I won't spoil it for you.The Golden Mickeys is fantastic. Watch the right hand side of the screen for the English translation.Make sure you see Stitch Encounter, it is a really fun show.Flights of Fantasy had some of the best floats and catchiest music I've ever seen. Disney in the Stars Fireworks will bring you to tears. Stand close enough to see the projections on the castle but far enough to have the fireworks frame the Castle.All the lands except Main Street will close straight after the Fireworks show and they will not let you re enter (roped off). So I recommend you go over two days to pace yourself and do everything.Main Street Corner Cafe is a nice escape from the crowds.Stay at the Disneyland Hotel to complete the magic.Feel free to contact me if you have any questions.Every Disney fan should go, but best in Winter. Summer would be too hot. Mystic Point opens next year and looks amazing.
Happiest place in hk. Went there after holiday season, less crowded. Enjoyed the moment you stepped on the disneyland express.. All full of mickey mouse faces.
going to hongkong disneyland is a breeze! because of the MTR, it is very accessible to go there esp. is you're hotel is just across the MTR. You just have to take MTR to sunnyland then transfer to their disneyland MTR Disneyland Resort Line.I also suggest to buy tickets online so you won't waste time on falling line for the admission tickets.If you buy it online, there is 3 machines just beside the counter of tickets then u can just get your tickets in just a few seconds. But make sure u brought you're credit card coz the machine sort of validates the purchase online. Make sure also to be there before they open (10 AM) and on a week day so that it is not that crowded yet for you to have more fun with the rides and  meet the characters  time. There are available food all over so when u need a munch.Make sure also before u will get inside, u have the map and schedule (available in different languages) for u not to miss the parade and meet with the stars photo taking with disney and friends and also to organize your rides. Because there are still rides til night time, but the parade of the stars has only 2 parades on weekdays. So if you'll miss the schedules, you'll be missing that experience.  (Aside from the rides, I strongly recommend the  Stitch encounter  So much fun! I hope you'll enjoy it as much as I did.
On a business trip to the region I took the opportunity to see the Hong Kong Disneyland Resort. First I must say I've visited Walt Disney World and Disneyland Resort more time than I can count, so this will inevitably be a bit of a comparison. First of all this is most definitely a Disney quality experience. The park is as clean and beautiful as any other, and the attractions are excellent overall. However, this is most definitely a fraction of the size of a typical Disney theme park. I arrived at 10:30 for opening (or rope drop) and was able to see almost every attraction and show including the fireworks by the 8pm closing time. Now this was a week day so your milage will definitely vary. if you compare this to Disneyland, it took me and my family a 6 day pass before we had explored every nook and cranny of the original. With that said, the price is adjusted to match, and it is a lot of fun.Highlights: Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars is an amazing sequel to Big Thunder Mountain. It combines aspects of Expedition Everest, and California Screaming without being as tall as either. What they did with the audio animatronics makes me very excited for the new coaster coming to Magic Kingdom. Adventureland feels like you really are in a different world. I like what they did with the Jungle Cruise (like a mashup of Rivers of America and Jungle Cruise with a bit of Universal Studios Jaws thrown in) and this is the best version of the treehouse. Low lights: Most of the experiences are shortened versions of their cousins. This includes the fireworks which is over before you know it. Overall there are far too attractions to make this a annual pass type park. Western Perspective: While this may look like the Disney you know, be prepared for the ways they adapted this for the region. Food, even snack foods are quite a bit different than the high fructose corn syrup fuled foods of the American parks. Concessions include item like pressed squid, fish balls and corn on the cob. No wonder everyone here is skinny! You can still find cotton candy and popcorn but there are no Mickey pretzels or frozen Cokes in sight. I saw a bit of the line skipping that other reviewers mentioned, but honestly it doesn't bug me. I thought it especially funny when I entered a bathroom on main street to see that you can pick the toilette type suitable to you. Language: This is a bit baffling, some things are only in English. Some are only in Cantonese, and Jungle Cruise actually has lineups for Mandarin, Cantonese and English. Some attractions are not suitable if you only speak english (for instance Stitch and Art of Animation were not offered in English during my visit). They do make most announcements in all 3 and I certainly never felt lost or out of place. Judging by the crowds they get quite a few english speakers from Australia, New Zealand, India and Korea. Overall it was a disney experience through and through. I think Walt would have got a kick out of how his stuff plays even on this side of the world. Too bad his statue isn't in the center of the hub.
Disneyland was one of the highlights of our trip to Hong Kong! The 4 of us (including 2 teenagers) really enjoyed our day! The staff were was just so happy, friendly & helpful! Loved the parades & shows & just the general atmosphere there! Have lots of happy snapsto remind us of this wonderful day!
Been here twice, with and without my kids.  It's just one of those places that makes you feel like a kid again regardless of your age.  Grizzly gulch is a must for coaster fans.
Expensive relative to Ocean Park, however worthwhile if your kids are under the age of 10. Highlights were space mountain and geyser gulp. The 3d show was entertaining however Winnie the Pooh ride was disappointing. We didn't stay for parade but saw the impressive fireworks from a ferry later.
I had reasonable expectations of HK Disneyland. I heard about how much smaller it is than the other theme parks. But I really, enjoyed myself there! I think the people you're with are always a big contributor if you'll enjoy Disney or not. I was with family, a few first timers in the theme park, and it was a delight to see how everyone enjoyed themselves.Being the photo crazy Filipinos that we are, we spent quite a reasonable amount of time just posing and taking pictures. The food inside the park was expensive (as expected), although there were outlets which were more reasonably priced. The fireworks show in the end was just ok. Maybe it was because it was windy that evening, so it was lacking that wow factor for me. I do need to warn you of rude tourists! Who cut the line in attractions, photo places, and even the toilet!! This actually happened to my aunt    a stranger just cut the line (there were about 12 people in the queue), and my aunt who was just coming out of the cubicle , was shocked when this stranger practically came into the cubicle while my aunt still had a foot in the cubicle. Unbelievable! We enjoyed our stay anyway (albeit the rude tourists)! Although this place is small, it's recommended to spend about 8 hours here, just leisurely going through one attraction to the next. It's tricky to have fun when you're rushing
Our family have been spending Christmas in Hong Kong Disneyland for two consecutive years already. Each visit is worthwhile. You will feel like a child all over again. The parade is so fun    but wait for the fireworks display    it will give you goosebumps. Made me cry the first time I watch. Will definitely go back here.
Smallest of all Disneylands across the world, this one is worth spending time if you are travelling with kids. One day is enough to see the entire place and enjoy all the rides. Don't miss Golden Mickeys and Stitch Encounter show. The light and fireworks show at night is also worth watching. Overall enjoyable... But if you are an adult and looking for adventure then a visit to the Ocean Park would be a better idea.
I am not Singaporean, but I can not find better word to explain Hongkong Disneyland. I expect something more grander and big, but I am so dissapointed to see the castle is so small, just like a gate or stage only where it is suppose to be like in a fairy tale. 3D show is blurr for my eyes, and all other game is dedicated only for small children. It is not bad, but also not amazing for me.But I love the food here, it is good and have many variety.....
Disneyland Hongkong is quite small compared to the ones in the US and Japan but it is Disneyland and it will never fail to give you a fairytale experience. Like all other Disneylands, the Enchanted Castle and the US main street will set the tone for the experience. But Disneyland HK is distinct for its live performances. The Year of the Golden Mickeys and Lion King are worth lining up for. The singing is contagious and the dancing infectious. The cast are truly a delight to watch, always cheerful, helpful and accommodating. All in all it is a great experience and always a must visit in HK.
Went there on the last day of 2012. Expecting a fireworks countdown over there but alas.... I'm in the wrong place for the count down party. There is no new year count down party in this Disneyland. Please bear in mind, fellows travellers. This was my very expensive mistake and still feel annoyed everytime I recall this mistake. And the Disney hotel charges extra for the new year eve stays. Total disappointment.Anyway this is just another tiny Disneyland. Similar to Paris' Disney. Last time i visit was on 2005. Despite my big disappointment, I was cheered to see the new Toy Story land and the Grizzly Glutch. Well, who can feel grumpy and sad for long in Disneyland?Merchandise wise, it's a shopaholic heaven. I love those kitchen utensils with the iconic mickey's head. All those characters stuffed animals and others merchandises such as umbrellas, silly Mickey's or minnie's ears headbands, Lightning Mc.Queens cars and cups and all, big fat huggably Pooh, every Disney's character items were calling me to bring them home with me.
It's been a dream from the very childhood, and I visited it finally:)I liked the shows they presented there:) MTR is also nice, so highly recommend to get there by MTR to see it with your own eyes:)  Entrance ticket   about 400 HK$ .
Very similar to Disneyland Paris, but cleaner, and less expensive.  A fun day out overall, just be wary of going in the summer as it gets very hot.
Anyone wanting to experience Disneyland, let Hong Kong Disneyland be your first choice before visiting other Disneyland ie. JapanUSA etc cos Hong Kong Disneyland is much much smaller and there's really nothing much to explore. If you've been to Tokyo Disneyland Disneysea like me, you'll sure be disappointed at HK Disneyland!
If you're from Asia and have always wished to visit Disneyland, guaranteed coming here will satisfy your dreams. In summer you need to get here early via MTR Tung Chung Line. Very easy, follow signs and you're there. The rides are obviously mots try for children but as adults it will definitely bring you back to your childhood. Most of the food places offer Chinese food. You an also have some afternoon tea in the Main Street Cafe. We came here in late October so they have the Halloween event from 6pm with characters in Halloween costumes. Compared to Tokyo Disneyland and the Orange County Disney, this is very very small. But then again why travel all the way to the states and pay so much in Japan when you can make your dreams come true here. A very happy place!
If you have been to Disneyland in US or in Japan, you probably will think HK Disneylang is not as nice as them. It is smaller and the facilities are not the same quality. It is very crowded during the Chinese holidays with visitors from Mainlang China. There are long lines in front of all of the rides and shows.
Sure this Disneyland isn't the biggest, but if you live in or are visiting Asia, this is place worth the stop over. It's everything you'd expect in a theme park.Highlights:  Meet and greet with Mickey and Minnie (can take up to 45 minutes to 1 hour of waiting   but it'll be worth it!)  New ride! Grizzy Gulch in Adventure land  The tea cup ride (only in Disneyland!)  Lion King show   a must see. Very theatrical. You'll want to download Circle of life right after. It was a great show.   Parade   with all the main Disney characters  Fireworks   starts at 8pm (in winter   not sure if it differs in the summer. Best to check at the entrance). Great way to cap off your trip to Disneyland.Tips:  Visit on week days   Less people. Less queues. Period.  A meal costs approx. HK$70 so take note. I've read reviews where people mention the park being strict on bringing in food. Our bags were checked at the entrance but they didn't take away the snacks we brought. Best to bring some   a bag of popcorn is about HK$25 30 inside the park.  Stroller parking everyone if you're bringing kids  River boat ride   might be good to ride this at night  Find a good spot for the afternoon parade and the fireworks at least 20 30 minutes before it starts  You'll need the entire day to enjoy the park   a lot of time is used for waiting in queues for rides or photos with the Disney characters.   Take the Disney train if you don't want to walk from one end of the park to the other
We visited them in early Jan, and on a weekday. Hence, there was practically no queues at the roller coaster rides. Even though the park was small, and there wasn't long queues, we still didn't manage to take all the rides. Perhaps we were walking too slowly. Since most visitors brought their small children, the kiddie rides such as the jungle cruise, flying dumbo, slinky the dog, and autopia had the longest queues (~15 minutes).
It would be a better Disney if the food quality hasn't slacked off a bit since opening. The hotels are still doing well but, the park; we noticed the food, especially for what you pay for, has dropped in quality. Recommend eating a big breakfast before going there and just snacking here in there. Staff are doing ok, but their initial exuberance from when Disney first year opened has worn off. I've notice a few staff;  going through the motions  or reverting to typical hong kong service quality ( ex.  what you want?   I don't know...No! ). That being said, hong kong staff at Disney still have a better attitude than outside and are doing a pretty good job..........especially dealing with the often rude aggressive mainland tourists. I've been to Disnelyand in the States and in Japan. Both are better than Hong Kong for one reason; less mainland tourists. they are a scourge. be prepared for line cutters, shovers, yellers, spitters, and overall rude mainland tourists. I mention this because mainlanders are so constant at Disney these days they are part of the park experience. The difference between when it first opened and now is 180 degrees specifically because of mainland tourists. Try to go to Disney on a non Mainland holiday time or off season.
First you start with MTR train which is built with disney theme (when you board from Tung Chung). Then the fun element starts. If you start early like at 9am you will not find any queues initially. However you cannot avoid long queues for any ride. Average wait time for any ride (depending on the popularity) is 30 minutes for a 2 3 minutes ride. We liked following rides very much and highly recommend:Winnie the Pooh rideGolden mickey showLion King showToystory rideBoat ride in fairylandRail rideCastle rideMickey 3D showParadeMeet the characters are waste of time, it takes too much of time
We went to Disneyland via MTR from TST and it was about 30 minutes journey with changing of stations and we arrived at the entrance at about 10.30am. We bought tickets online and it helped as we do not need to queue for tickets. Bags were checked and tickets were scanned and returned to us. You may bring in water and snacks. When inside, look for the park map and the pamphlet for show times. Plan a bit before head in further. We started with the Tomorrowland and didn't need to queue much for Buzz Lighter Astro Blasters. We took photos with Buzz Lighter the character. We move to Fantasyland and took some photos with the Disney Characters and this is location of the Winnie the Pooh ride. Skip it if you are an adult, but with small kids, it's not to be missed. We took the fast pass to avoid queuing at the original line (please validate using original ticket and keep the fast pass) as my kid needed his nap. We headed back to the castle to catch the Parade in the afternoon. Not to be missed. Make sure you go 1 2hour earlier to book a place. We headed to Toy Story land (fairly new) and went on the Slinky Dog ride.It was about 7pm when we decided to leave and managed to catch the Light up of the Main Street with Christmas procession, though we missed the fireworks (as it was at 9pm   too late for the kids). The new Grizzly Gulch is a fairly new park catering to older kids  young adults.Food wise   available at all of the parks, fairly expensive but pretty standard. I recommend to do snacks if possible to save on time, so that you will be able to cover more in Disneyland.We went on a Thursday, mid December and it was quite crowded, as towards afternoon, we had to queue for most of the rides, hence, reaching the park early helps alot. Toilets are abundant and clean. As predicted, there are lots of parking for strollers, if you forgot to bring one, you can rent one. There are refillable water stations near the toilets.Go during winter as it can be quite hot during summer.We missed the Adventureland but it's okay travelling with small kids, we know we can cover everything. Hence, if you are travelling with young children, do some homework and target those parks where you think your kids will be interested such as tomorrowland  toystory (if they are exposed to the characters before) and the fantasyland. As predicted, going back via MTR will be packed with people leaving Disneyland at the same timeNot to be missed with kids!
If u r planning for Disney Hongkong , plan it for 2 days, 1 day is not enough. Take a map at entry and plan your trip inside. If u have young daughter, then start from Fantasyland, Board the train from entry. If u have a son he would love to be in tommorowland .Take a ride in Grizzly gulch and be ready for surprises. For Indian vegetarians combo meal is available at Tahitian terrace at adventure land.
From the opening of gates up to closing. All was FUN. We enjoyed the rides and attractions all day long. It's too much for us to handle. The kids enjoyed and the young at hearts also. Themed areas for extreme rides is in grizzly gulch, toy stroy land, adventureland and tomorrowland. Bring your kids in Fantasyland and adventureland they will love the rides and scenery on this. Food is quite expensive. Don't miss the parade in the afternoon and the fireworks at the closing. Transportation to and from Disney is very convenient.
This is our first Disneyland experience so I have nothing to compare it with...but we loved it!The train to Disneyland is cute with mickey ears windows which begins to set the mood.Walking down the entry promenade is fun with the theme music playing as your anticipation builds.We went on a very quiet day   Monday, which was perfect! (5 minute waits for rides....longest wait for most popular ride   Winnie the Pooh was 30 minutes). I don't think we would have enjoyed as much it if we had to wait in long queues. Lots of rides (including Astro Chargers), we hopped straight on (twice!!!) Rides were fun...a little tame...but perfect for kids under 8 9 (and my husband who suffers from motion sickness!). There were some more adventurous rides (Space Mountain, rollercoaster at Grizzly Gulch), which were great fun!Food was a little pricey and very average, but didn't really expect it to be much anyway. Lots of shops...LOTS of shops...which were were happy to have a quick browse through, but we didn't buy anything.Flights of fantasy parade was great! Wonderful!Especially enjoyed Mickey's philahar magic show! Our 5 year old was in fits of giggles throughout!Overall, a wonderful day. Definitely helped that it was quiet...and although many people have commented on how small it was, we loved it. Did everything in 7 hours and felt like we had a full, but not exhausting day.
Hong Kong Disneyland is a real fantasy land that becomes reality. There is so much do to for all ages. It   s so pleasingly organised from getting on the MTR from our hotel then onto an exclusive Disney train with the branding all over. We travelled in a family with 3 adults 1 teenager and 2 kids. We all felt like kids again. The attention to detail was extraordinary. The photographers as Disney take such memorable shots. I would recommend you spend the day it all the different themes and view all the parades at night as at night Disney Land transforms to a city of light and fireworks. It   s a very memorable experience for all ages and is a must when visiting HK. It's magical.
It may be smaller than Disney World but the lines are practically non existent! You get to see so many characters without waiting in a HUGE line!  Go for sure!
Hong Kong Disneyland is filled with typical Disney charm! The metro express line from the main line is adorable, with windows in the shape of Mickey Mouse head & ears. As typical, plan for a slight walk from the metro to the entrance. The park is ever expanding with enough things to enjoy to spend a full day.
My family and I had been planning to visit Hong Kong Disneyland for about six months before we actually went there. None of us have ever visited a Disneyland before. Our Main destination was actually the Philippines, but my wife always wanted to take our two boys to Disneyland, and Hong Kong was tantalisingly close to the Philippines. So we spent two days there before travelling on to Manila. Before we went, I read all the other reviews on this site, good and bad. We were there on December 26 & 27, 2012.My overall impression was Good (but not Fantastic).I loved the Parade. It was really well done, not too long and not too short. One of my boys got asked to participate, which was lovely.Space Mountain, frankly, scared the **** out of myself and my wife, and I admit it. The boys (aged 11 & 9) didn   t mind, in fact the younger one loved it. So I guess it   s Horses for Courses. I liked the Grizzly Gulch roller coaster, though. I   d do that again. I liked the fact that the waiting queueing area went through different    rooms    and were part of the experience. It added some interest to such a tedious thing as waiting in a queue. (It so happened that our queue was less than 5 mins for this particular ride.) I liked the Toy Soldiers Parachute Drop, though it was really too short. Quite a few of the rides were like this, really too short. Orbitron, the first ride we tried, was too short, and left me thinking    I hope that the other rides aren   t all this short   . Not a good introduction.Autopia was fun     not so much for myself as much as for my children. My enjoyment in this was in watching them (from the passenger seat) having fun    driving   . This made it really quite enjoyable. The ride earned bonus marks in my book for all the cars being RH drive. (As they   re in Hong Kong, they should be RH drive!)Buzz Lightyear   s Astro Blasters was fun, both for myself and the boys. My 11 year old creamed me at it.We all really enjoyed    It   s a Small World   , especially my wife.Grizzly Gulch looked nicely spooky at night. We liked this.There was a lot of attention to detail in a great many places, eg the Scrabble letters on the Toilet sign in Toy Story Land. This sort of thing went a long way in making it that bit more magical.And the highlight of all: the Fireworks. This for me was what I had REALLY been looking forward to seeing, and they did not disappoint.One thing that WAS disappointing was the lack of characters wandering around greeting us. Actually,    lack    is the wrong word     there were NONE WHATEVER. And twice we found characters posing for pictures with guests, and other people queuing up for them; and BOTH TIMES when we got to the back of the queue, we got told,    Queue Closed   ! Sorry, but this really made me cross. It was SO UNNECESSARY. All it would have taken was a decent number of characters wandering around, and this situation wouldn   t occur. It left a nasty taste in my mouth.Food was a little on the pricey side, but not unreasonably so. We found that feeding the four of us was a reasonable proposition.At the time we were there, there was this whole Christmas thing happening. We didn   t really like the artificial snow that fell at night in Main St USA. It got into our hair, eyes, and everywhere else and was much more of an annoyance than anything else. And another thing: not everyone has snow at Christmas. Where we live, Christmas is in the SUMMER, thanks! Where was the representation of that? Not everyone lives in the Northern Hemisphere mid latitudes.Overall impression: it was magical, but not magical enough. A little more effort on HKD   land   s part would have made all the difference. I   m glad we went, but we won   t be going out of our way to come back.
I was staying at the Victorian Styled Hong Kong Disneyland Hotel sometime in mid Dec 2012. I bought a two day ticket for our Disneyland trip. I figure it was a big place with lots of attraction and with children in tow, it would be pretty impossible to cover most of the attraction in a leisurely pace. Considering the fact that it was end of the Year holiday period and queues at the park can only get longer. For our trip to the Disneyland Theme Park, there is a free shuttle bus service for hotel guests. The bus comes around about every 10 mins. From the Hong Kong Disneyland Hotel the bus will stop at the Disneyland Hollywood Hotel to pick other guests and thereafter head straight to the Disneyland Transport Interchange. The journey takes about 10 15 mins depending how many guests are being picked up at both hotels. From the Transport Interchange alighting point, its about a 150m walk to the main ticketing entrance. As expected the crowd was huge and coming. They were mainly from the mainland China and appeared to be in tour groups. The park is divided mainly into 7 areas namely; Main Street USA, Adventureland, Fantasyland, Tomorrowland, Toy Story Land, Grizzy Gulch and Mystic Point (Under construction). The layout of the park is more of less the same with the other parks in California, Tokyo and Paris. It was a good call that I decided to get the two day ticket as by the time we finished half of the park, the children were starting to get cranky. As a Muslim traveler Halal food is hard to come by with only the Tahitian Terrace in Adventureland is Halal certified and restricted our meals to just to this place. There are no designated solat areas as they don't particular cater to such needs for Muslim visitor, The park is huge and you can just approach the staff for a corner space somewhere or just find yourself a small corner away from the public eye in the park to perform your solat. The rides were as one would expect in all Disneyland Parks. Nothing to shout about. The souvenir shops were as usually packed and expectedly overpriced. Kids being kids obviously enjoyed every rides as they could easily associate with the Disney Characters that are featured as part of each rides.The weather during our two day visits were cool in the early part of the day and became slight warm without being too discomforting and went back to a cool evening. One of the most noticeable absence was the walking around of Disney Characters around the parks mingling with the crowd. Instead what I saw was each prominent character such as Mickey, Minnie, Donald Duck, Daisy etc we  cooped  in each of the many Gazebo to pose with visitors for a fee. There were long queues forming to have a chance to be photograph with these characters. It was a shame that it seems to us that such simple touch (of disney characters 'roaming the theme park streets) are replace to them being 'confined' to these Gazebo solely for photography sessions which seems to suggest such money making photography arrangement supersedes the need to ensure the overall feel of the theme park is preserved and felt by all. They only them we could see almost all of the disney characters was when they had the daily street parade (which does not allow for direct crowd interaction).One unique discovery that I found (outside of the park) was the Disney MTR Train which serves the Disney MTR Station. The entire train cabin was styled for Disney down to the window, the handrail, the seats etc. it was quite cool actually. Luckily when we boarded the train, the cabin was empty and had ample opportunities to snap photos of the train in comfort. Got to see or google it to believe it :)Overall it was a good visit.Pros: Enjoyable place, live to its Disney Theme except for missing Disney Characters roaming the place, ample attraction to cater to all family members, Would be more enjoyable if it were less crowded. The Disney Theme Train (not found inside the Theme Park).Cons: Crowd, queues, limited Halal certified food outlets.To make your visit more enjoyable, I suggest if you can, to go during the off peak months and if you wish to enjoy most of the rides and attraction, to make it a two day visit.
I am not a fan of Disney but found myself getting into the mood, had great fun my 6 and 8 year olds getting on all the rides. Get the two day ticket if you have time as its only slightly dearer, recommend a morning on one day and evening on another day. But you must use it within 7 days and its not transferable.Only negative I have is watch out for people trying to jump queues for the rides, they get one person to queue then a big gang will suddenly arrive and push past everyone to  join their family or friend ... I blocked them wouldn't let them past, they will give up when you look them in the eye and just say NO. Also be aware of pushy adults who arrive late to the parade then will just stand infront of your kids or push their kids past your to see the parade. A lot of rude parents and spoilt kids... Just keep your clam and don't let anyone push past. Other then that its great and even I had fun.
I am a massive Disney fan, and although I have been to the Hong Kong Disneyland possibly the third or forth time now since it was opened I can never be sick of it. Majority or the people do complain that it is one of the smallest Disneylands   but rest assured, upon my latest visit to the HK Disneyland, 2 new 'lands' have been constructed and another on its way. It is continuously expanding so everytime I go back there is always something new to do. 99% of the staff there are great and understand English fine. here are some tips: 1) If you are travelling with kids or teens, or even if you are a big rollercoaster person, I would recommend that you do grab a 'Fast Pass' at the rides so you don't spend around an hour of your day lining up. 2) Go on these big rides during major parades, from my memory there is one at around midday one at around 6pm 7pm. Or chose one parade time you want to watch and go on the rollercoasters the other   it is the most quiet then. I waited only 5 minutes for Space Mountain.. and it is usually 45 minutes in the queue for that ride. 3) They will search yours bags prior to your entry into the Park. So don't bother bringing a little picnic basket of food. It's how they make money; so brace yourself for some expensive cheap food! Water is OK to bring in. 4) If you are going in Summer, make sure you keep hydrated. Gets so so hot during the day. If in Winter, make sure you bring an extra cardigan, the area gets extremely cold at night.Enjoy your day!
I did go there thinking that only my daughter would enjoy it and I would find it boring. It turned out to be a fun place to be. I became a kid again and more than anything else, the sheer excitement of my daughter made the trip worthwhile. I have not been to the other Disney parks so I cannot compare. We spent a whole day there from 9 am to 9 pm and we did have a lot to do. My wife's meticulous planning meant we got to do whatever we set out to do and skipped the others. We went to all the sections   Tomorrowland, Adventureland, Toy land and finally Fantasyland. The mine train in Adventure land was really good. The Lion King show, Philairmagic and the Golden Mickeys were extraordinary. Among the rides   Space Magic, Its a small world and 100 Acre woods were nice, worth doing. The highlight of course are the parades   they're really fantastic. We topped off with the fireworks at 9 PM which were a tad disappointing. Being Christmas, it was even better with the entire park with Christmas theme decorations etc. You need to be at the park by 9:00 so that you can buy tickets without too much of a que and getting in will also be easier. The park opens only by 10:00 on most days.
The park and the staff were nice. It was the other people visiting the attractions that spoiled a fun filled couple of days. I know it's the holiday season and there are loads of people in the park but queue and don't push in front we are all in the same boat. We had parents using their young children to push in front of queues. What the parents would to as to encourage them to keep walking to the front and then the parents would look for their children in front and then stay there. This happened to us 3 times today. One of them actually lost their child whilst doing this. The other thing ruined our day was that we were there early for the parade and we sat in the front, this lady came up with her child 5 mins into the parade and sat in front of my two children. We told her off but she chose to ignore what we were saying and continued blocking our view for the remainder of the parade. Also can people not smoke around the park this is a place for children and smoking should be banned or can we have come courtesy to not smoke around young children. Please educate patrons on some manners. Otherwise the park was fun and memorable for us and I would recommend to go again.
I  ve heard so many unflattering reviews about HK Disney which is why i never thought of bringing the kids there and boy was I surprised! Not only were the place super clean (as were all other parts of Hong Kong), they had a section of halal food area specifically for Muslims! I was impressed! The rides were expectedly more kiddish than Universal but some thrilling ones as well to jolt you awake. My kids enjoyed it so much!
Traveling through Asia for 3 weeks with a 10 year old    how could we not reward her with a last day trip to Disneyland! It's just as expected    there's a dedicated train out there with Mickey Mouse shaped windows, there's a beautiful fountain at the entrance, there's a castle, and there are most of the rides you expect (small world, toy story, autopia, grizzly gulch with an amazing roller coaster    totally thrilling). The only quibble I had was that based on the service HKD was not the friendliest place on earth. More like the surliest. Maybe they need to train them better. If you are looking for character pix, they schedule them at certain locations, they don't stroll the grounds.
There was fantastic experience when I visited HK Disney, I and my family had a happy day because there lots of amazing and beautiful shows ride, the value is worthed for a whole day long, even if you want to watch or reride the game, and the price is include for 1 meal!! The parade in the afternoon is funny and cheer us, the fireworks in the last was very beautifull. I might to be back there again!
We took our 2 girls, 7 & 4 here in December and had a ball. They were able to go on most rides   with the exception of grizzly gulch. They loved them all except space mountain. Really clean park with lots of cafes, toilets etc all over. The flights of fantasy parade was fab and a must see   they even put on fake snow for us when they lit the massive christmas tree up, was very cool. We found the food expensive as with theme parks anywhere in the world but the souvenir shops were very reasonably prices. 1 day was enough to get around and see do it all.
I brought my family of 17 to HKG Disney recently. The park is beautiful...they even had fake snow on Main Street to set the mood for Christmas.We were able to catch some shows...Golden Mikey's, Lion King, Philarmagic in 3D. Nice!My only concern with the park is how poorly they manage the crowds. I am not racist and I have been to Disneyland and California adventure in LA and all the Disney parks in Orlando Florida so I can make a comparison. If you have been to HKG you know that people do not respect your personal space...getting bumped, pushed, shoved is common. HKG Disney is no different. However I expect Disney to properly manage the crowds specially since we bring our young children there. Announcements in Chinese should be made stating that there are enough seats inside the venues to accommodate everyone, that there are elderly people and children in the crowd that can get hurt or trampled. Ushers should be everywhere to direct the crowd to their seats....I experienced chaos during my visit... My children got hurt...so unlike Disney
We went to HK Disneyland during the peak holiday season 27 & 28 12 and bought the 2 day pass tickets for 3 adults and 2 kids. We had a fantastic day there and it seems like the 2 day pass is not enough for the kids. Its a magical place for our 5 year old daughter and 3 year old son. The 1st day started with, we brought our daughter to the Bibbidi Bobbidi Boutique for a princess make over. I made an earlier appointment with the boutique for it and got the earliest session. She was soooo happy about it and picked her favorite character Rapunzel. She was transformed to her favorite princess ( yup!! with the fake golden long hair) within 1 hr. Then off we go to the park with her dressed like a Rapunzel and wearing it for the whole day. She really feels like a princess the whole day and got an extra attention from the disney crew as well. The 1st day was more to Disney character hunting mission, getting a good spot for the parade and managed to play only 5 rides. Queuing for a ride for more than 20 min. for me is unreasonable for young kids... so we were a bit selective about the rides so the kids won't be disappointed at the end of the day.Went back to the hotel before the fireworks event started (to avoid the crowds and long que for the shuttle bus) and we still can watch the fireworks from the hotel. We came back the next day to try out other rides and do some shopping (you can still buy Disney merchandise at the airport T2, the price is just the same with limited items). We used the 'fast pass' facility for our second ride at Astro Blaster (due to the long waiting lines) and we only have to wait for 5 min.We brought some biscuits, bananas and self packed buns (twiggies  squiggles from our hometown) since getting halal snacks in the park is obviously none. We don't have any problems taking them in during the inspection. We had our lunch at the Tahitian Terrace in Adventureland, the only Halal certified restaurant in Disney. They served a few choices of rice with fish  chicken  vege, singapore laksa (the kids love it), biryani with chicken and they also have vegetarian food as well. We tried most of the menu, and it does satisfy our hungry needs and the taste is good too. What we can say about Disneyland HK is the kids enjoyed their visit and we all had fantabulous experienced.
My sister and I went here the day after xmas. We had a lovely time, the park was still decorated in xmas decorations. The park can be enjoyed in one day. By the end of the day we had seen almost all the shows and played all the games we wanted, but nonetheless we would of liked more time so that we can go on some rides again. We missed the parade, but we enjoyed the fireworks show at the end of the night. I think the lack of time was our fault as we wasted our time in the shops on main street USA other than that we had a lovely time and would go again as soon as possible.
we have read a lot of reviews about HK Disneyland about how small etc and not very good! I strongly disagree!! we had a fantastic day there! the rides were excellent and we filled the whole day in. Good value for money. Have been to Euro disney and this was definately better. Obviously you can't beat America and you need to appreciate the fact that it is marketed towards the Asian tourist. I could not fault it in any way!!!
I arrived via the Disneyland express train from the city. Very easy to navigate.I was really surprised at how NOT tacky this place was. Definitely worth a visit if you have a day to spare. Bathroom facilities everywhere, and very clean! Food was not too expensive but there was not a lot of choice for western styled food. Go mid week to avoid the crowds, and make sure you stay for the fireworks!
I was skeptical because some people told me it wasn't worth the money but my 6 year old and I loved it..  The whole day was magical and beautiful.  The lines weren't to bad either.
BACKGROUNDI live near Disneyland and my family has an annual pass that allows us to visit multiple times. We go on average every 2 months or so.The park is not large and can be seen in 1 2 days   it really depends on whether you want to try everything or just focus on the best bits.WHEN TO GO   Weather.The middle of summer in HK is really hot and humid. Avoid this time ! If you do go then   head to the shows or indoor rides (small world   buzz etc) to get some air conditioning. WHEN TO GO   Chinese Tourists.Disneyland gets a lot of visitors from China and all of the ride queues will be horrendous if you visit the Park on a Chinese public holiday. Definitely avoid the Chinese New Year period (date fluctuates but is Jan Feb) and Golden Week (1 8 October). Weekends are also busy and best to be avoided if possible.TIMING   MorningThe best way to get to as many rides as possible is to go to the Park as soon as it opens and head to the back of the park straight away. That will guarantee you a relatively free first hour or so.TIMING   Late afternoon & Evening.Another good time to visit is late afternoon. You will find that a lot of visitors go home for dinner leaving the park quite empty in the evening.RIDES WITH FAST QUEUESThe following rides tend to be quicker to get onto.  Buzz Lightyear  Small world  Tarzan Treehouse  The Fantasyland smaller rides (jumbo etc)RIDES TO AVOID   long wait  Winnie the Pooh  The car ride in Tomorrowland.Have Fun !
My family always celebrate Christmas and New Year in Hongkong. Even some of the staffs are not that friendly, we still go there beacuse this is the closest disneylandfrom our country aside from the fact that my children are still happy when they are here (yes, bec they arekids ages 10, 8 and 7).Our latest visit was yesterday JAnuary 1, 2013 and dec 31, 2012. Yesterday was really a bad experience for us. First, we have experienced some of the local residents pushing while we are on queue. But we still manage and kept our composure. But when we arrive at the Toy Story Land (The parachute ride to be exact), the two families in front of us while we are on queue fight. Because of the long queue the two hot tempered family did not stop fighting until the securities came in. We didn't know what happened next because we ride already. But the saddest part of all is when we bought a lot of souvenirs from the souvenir shop in the Main Street near the exit. I know and i check that I gave the cashier 3 pcs of HKD1000. OUr total bill is HKD 2,268.00. But to our surprise she just gave me a change of HKD 232.00. I ask the cashier and I said that i gave her HKD3,000. She said no and insist that i gave her HKD2,500.00. The lady beside her, i think the supervisor counted the money in the cash register and so we waited. And to our surprise again, they said that our change is correct. We counted again our HKD in my wallet and we are very sure that we gave her HKD 3,000.00. We know, because all our expenses and the HKD that we changed in their money changers since December 29, 2012 are all accounted.We were so disappointed.Lesson learned, when you pay count in front of the cashier and tell her how much money you gave her.
Even though never been to any Disneyland theme park, this place didn't surprise me as a branded theme park. It was ok, suitable for families with children or Disneyland character lovers.
My family and I stayed at this resort for 2 nights. We were allocated an east wing room which had the swimming pool view. The pool size was great and had a giant slide but considering that our visit fell during winter season it was out of action, with this said there is an indoor heated pool which was of great size too ( next to a well  equipped gym  spa) . Being a family of 5, it was hard to book 1 room anywhere in Hongkong but the management replied positively about our concerns and allowed us to stay in one room for the duration of our stay. They even deep cleaned our room before occupying the room ( Thanks very much for this Disney Management ). The checked  in line was quite long and had a wait but next to reception there was a mini kids tv room to entertain the kids. And when we were looked after, they were very detailed. It is quite pricey to stay here but for an additional kids entertainment outside of the theme park was worth it. However, with the price of the accommodation, the StoryBook playroom one would think should be included as a bonus for the little ones, rather a fee of $100HKG is charged. The maze was a favorite and kept both kids and adults entertained. I highly recommended the Walt's Restaurant. Price is good and Accommodating to changes due to family food restrictions. Try the Enchanted Garden for breakfast where kids can be up close and have their photos taken with Mickey and friends. We were surprised that we were given a set of pictures as souvenirs together with key rings  with Mickey. This obviously a part of the package which was not noted when we booked so that was a beautiful surprise.
the lines for every attraction were unending.. nearly an hour every time. the rides were so so, but the shows were really great. souvenirs are ridiculously expensive. parades are nice; a good place for kdis but nothing spectacular
First time to go to this place. The place was huge, amazingly huge, You'd go crazy of the stuff that you can do here. You can get a map in the entrance so you know where your going to go. Most of the rides that we went we're for kids since I had my sister's daughters with me. The graphics we're good and the over all production value for the Lilo and Stitch experience was amazing. The Lion King show was flamboyant with lots of beautiful colors on their costumes. We also had the great time going in the river at the Tarzan area, I forgot what it's called. The Winnie the Pooh had cute and cuddly story telling while riding the boat and there was also the It's a small world journey, that shows different countries and how their culture look like. I also got to enjoy the extreme rides at the Space Mountain. There was also the Tea Cup ride for the kids and the Autopia, where you drive like gocarts. There was also the Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters, which I also enjoyed, firing aliens and stuff, brought out the kid in me. Over all, it was great way to spend the time before the New Year comes.
This was our second trip to Hong Kong Disneyland. The park was magical as before, but this time we spent two days in the park, and I was honestly surprised by the quality of the food I found in the park. Specifically, we had dinner in the Banquet Hall   a food court of sorts with international type food. The food was served piping hot, which was lovely in the winter evening. And the pasta and pizzas we ordered surpassed our expectations of what you would get in a theme park. It warmed us up nicely in time for sitting out in the cold waiting for the fireworks. The quantities were also fairly decent. Two mains fed us and our toddler quite nicely. Surprisingly, not many people seemed to stay till dinner, so the hall was pretty quiet, with lots of places and absolutely no lines. What a relief!
My 2.5 yr old toddler had so much fun. She is able to go on most of the rides and thoroughly enjoyed the shows, especially Golden Mickey showtime. Honestly, this Disneyland is more suitable for kids below 15 yrs old cos the rides are not as exciting as Ocean Park. Nonetheless, we really had so much fun and learnt so much from Disneyland. Although we visited the park on the eve and on Christmas day, the queue management were really good, and we utilized the Fast Pass facility. The toilets and parks were very well maintained and constantly cleaned, which is great for us. They have strollers on rental. One thing to note is that they do not allow bags with trolley into the park. They only allow carry on bags.
We visited Disneyland in December 21st 2012. I came here before in 2007 and it was a memorable event. However, this year, it was a disappointment! It became quite bored because the attractions are not really attractive to teens. Before, I could see and take pictures with most of the Disney characters like Princess Aurora, Stitch, Mickey, Donald etc. Now, I only took picture with Chip and Dale and Duffy. Where are the others?? I can't believe that there are picture time! I'm very disappointed!! The most fun attraction is the Grizzly Gulch, it was thrilling and amazing!! The fireworks is always amazing as it followed the rhythm of the music. Kids will find Disneyland HK a good and happy place but not for teens, it will be too bored. But the Mtr is very convenient and I loved the Disney MTR so much! It has a very magical Mickey feel,
We visited on Dec 12th and the park was virtually empty. It is very small compared to Eurodisney and Anaheim and probably aimed at kids under 10, but still enjoyable. I was very disappoined in Sleeping Beauties castle   it is tiny. There appears to be a lot of construction in the park so hopefully there will be more to do soon. We had seen everything by 1pm and just took a taxi back into town. Nice day but wouldn't go again.
Disneyland This is our third visit to the park. To enjoy the park thoroughly, we bought the two day pass. I do not understand why people think the park is boring. We find HK Disneyland a fun place to be in! For very obvious reasons, the park is indeed a happy place. The people play a huge factor. They are definitely trained to make the place a very pleasant one to be in. That is not to say there are one or two bad sheep who look visibly upset. One thing I am concerned with when visiting theme parks is the food available. Usually such parks do not offer interesting food. However, Disneyland is different. There are so many places to eat, depending on one   s budget. If you want to splurge, you can eat at Maxim. The portion for fried rice is large enough for three people. On a cold day, you will be happy to drink some hot double boiled soup. If you are on a budget, the cafes are certainly good enough. I must recommend the laksa from the caf   located beside Phillar Magic and the chicken wings from Tomorrowland. To catch the fireworks at 9 pm, I recommend that buying take aways so you can reserve a good seat right in front of the castle. You can sit down from around 8 pm onwards. Your family members can eat dinner while waiting.
No need to purchase multiday tickets   can see all and then some in one day. Have been to Flordia Tokyo Paris Disney parks  this by far is the smallest. Experience was good save dinner at Corner Cafe; only brought wife's salad; asked twice for her dinner and never came; we called yet another waitress over; cancelled her order; paid and departed.
Having been a regular in the past at Disneyland Anaheim before, visiting Disneyland HK was something I was looking forward to.The MTR train services to get to disneyland is very well organized, marked and easily accessed from Hong Kong island, Kowloon or the airport.The park itself is small and a lot of $ has been invested into this park but there is something that is clearly missing from the park which I can't quite put my finger on.It lacks the atmosphere and feel good feeling one gets the minute you are standing outside the gates at Anaheim.It may be disappointing for the adults but for the kids, it's a fun day out in disneyland and kids below the ages of 12 will get their value's worth from this.The rides are good but again, they are catering to kids so go with your expectations set lower.The staff do their best and you can't fault them for this.Set against the magnificent backdrop on Lantau Island of those massive mountains, it's still a good day out for the family.
this is my 2nd time at disneyland hongkong. first of all, if u have been to disneyland orlando u will be severely disappointed since hongkong disneyland is very small. u can walk around it in just an hour. upon entering u will have the option of getting the star pass, if u don't mind paying an extra 100 hongkong dollars per person. ticket is 399 hk dollars for adults and 285 hk dollars for aged 3 to 11 years old. let me tell u about the good stuff first. view is very nice, the parade was fun to watch but it was a short one only around 5pm if i am not mistaken. now to the bad part... oh my! i am going to start my whining. terrible food! i bought an assortment of food like hotdogs, waffles, chicken wings and pizza. waffles was decent, the other selections was horrible. i was left hungry since it galls me to buy overpriced unsavory food. disneyland staff are ill mannered and rude, and to top it off they barely speak english argh! their guttural and incoherent sentences made me stop asking questions. to be fair to them, maybe they seem rude bec they barely speak english so they can't communicate properly but still... i expected better from disneyland staff. some of the staff kept on hurrying small kids that might make them have an accident like falling etc. which in my opinion is not right. queues are very long, u have to wait for an hour per ride and then it will only take 3 to 5 minutes for u to finish the ride :( my son still enjoyed his time in disneyland, he is 7 years old so no surprise there. my tip is this, eat first before u step on disneyland. terrible food!
I have brought my two young children there many times. Even my 2 yr old enjoyed the Golden Mickey Show a lot and asked to watch it twice. The Small World boat ride is another favorite. It usually doesn't take long to line up and the ride itself lasts long enough to make it worthy. Food is rather pricey but souvenirs are reasonably priced. Avoid weekends.They have a nursery room where you can nurse, prepare formula or simply take a rest with your baby there.They have a Disney store at the airport in case you want to shop more.
Really went so I could tick off the final Disney   until shanghai opens in a few yearsV small BUT because newer both the runaway train and jungle cruise have some good twists on the Florida versions 23 dec park was really quiet   no more than 5 min waits, 24 dec much busier but still quiet compared to fla   the longest wait was 40 mins at Winnie the PoohCan recommend but one day is enough
Full with visitors..the worst part when a lot of people with no manners whatsoever jumped queue in the pretext not to be separated with their group. So what when the ride could only accommodate 2 persons. Get in line like other people coz everyone paid the ticket. They need to checked on this.Anyway weather was good...clear with cool breeze. Availability of new halal food outlet really helpful for muslims. A little bit pricey but guess what..it's Disneyland. Newly opened Grizzly Gulch was awesome while other rides were equally good as well i.e space mountain, river cruise, small world etc. Parade of Disney characters were held at 12.30 & 3.30pm in front of Fantasyland. Was unable to watch fireworks display at 9pm. Very clean & well maintained. Overall, it was a wonderful experience even for someone in thirties.
If you're in Hong Kong with kids, this is one of the attractions to visit. We were lucky enough to have a beautiful day. One day is just enough, but with the constantly expanding, soon a 2 day pass is required. My personal favorite: Grizzly Gulch
HK disneyland looks great. All the princesses and characters are more than welcoming but it seems empty. There are just not enough rides. If you are over the age of 13 give this place a miss. If you have kids under 13 this is a fantastic place to get away from the hustle and bustle of hong kong
As we know that disney land deliver whats best for the visitors, i have nothing to say but i felt the magic. This is my twice visit and the park has grown bigger than the last visit. The park is very clean and well maintained. I've been to Tokyo, Paris and LA Disneyland, and this one is not bad at all. It's smaller but it has same fun and experience to offer.
Going to Disney land is easy in Hongkong, just pick up a MTR map and purchased Octupus card a form of debit card from the station .You will reached there in no time. Thought the Disneyland is small compare to US and Japan. The attractions for rides are nice and enjoyed by young and old. I visited Disneyland in December with my son.daughters and three grandchildren (age 8 to 12 years old ) All of them enjoyed themself verymuch and said there will never forget the trip to Disneyland in their life. Plenty of food stalls at the resort but the price is very expensive. The fire work display at night is fantatic and well worth to wait till the night before you end go back to the hotel. I enjoyed all the rides with my grand children
This Disneyland is small but just as exciting for little children. To see the smiles on their faces is pure magic. We bought out tickets at the hotel making entry very easy. As grandparents we were very impressed with the $100HK entry for us (a substantial concession). Adults are $399HK. We caught a taxi to and from TST and could not believe the efficiency at the end of a very long day when we walked straight up to a taxi and were whisked away immediately   no queues. We were lucky to experience the magic of Disney at Christmas time and the park was decorated beautifully. Snow falling in Main Street USA all night, huge Christmas tree and a wonderful ambience within the entire park. Food was ok, but nothing exciting and typically Disney expensive.
I visited Disneyland HK with my partner for the first time in 2010. We're both in our 30's and it was our first experience in a Disneyland franchise   the experience and novelty didn't disappoint. Despite the fact that we visited during the height of summer and humidity was thick enough to cut through, we enjoyed ourselves. The best rides experience was space mountain.I visited Disneyland HK for the second time, this time accompanied by my younger sisters in their 20's. We visited in December, the week prior to Christmas. We purposely avoided the weekend crowd but the weather and the fact that it was leading up to Christmas (in terms of sheer visitor number and weather) worked against us.Even though parades were cancelled due to poor weather (miserably cold, rainy and windy day), we still enjoyed ourselves. We went at approximately mid day, with the main intention to experience the park atmosphere, some rides and the nightly fireworks. Queues for rides when we arrived were long, but as evening approached, queues got shorter as people dissippated. Wasn't aware of addition of new rides   so again for us, space mountain ride wins our vote. Fast past   which is free was very good for the popular rides such as pooh, space mountain etc.The park is more suited for children and first time Disney visitors but the fireworks display have dazzled me everytime and invokes very nostalgic child hood memories watching Disney cartoons.I find that the park needs to have more a closed off area for people who want to mill around away from the music and noise of the general crowd. Perhaps a library full of books or a place where people can watch disney cartoons while they kill time for whatever reason. Banquet halls and general meal areas can also serve this purpose, but these areas can be quite grating on the senses.The merchandise was all same same. Food was mass produced to cater for the crowds   nothing special.
Ever been to Tokyo Disneyland in Japan and Dream World in Gold Coast, so I found Hong Kong Disneyland less fun.It is okay for little children, more riding for them. But for a thrill seeker, you only find 1 : Space Mountain.If you have no other agenda while in Hong Kong, worth a visit for a half day.
Went in the afternoon of 17th Dec. easy to get there by MTR on their Disneyland line. We had bought our tickets few days earlier at Hong Kong Station thus no worries of being in the Q for the tix. We had read reviews saying that HK Disneyland is small compared to other Disneyland. No comments on that as this was our first time to the park. We stayed on till the fireworks display outside the castle. One word for the display, SPECTACULAR! It really feels like i'm entering a whole different world when i was there!There's one halal certified restaurant located at the Adventureland. We are allowed to bring in our own snacks sandwiches BUT not cooked food.
We bought our admission tickets at our hotel concierge before we went to Disneyland. Thus we avoided the queue for admission tickets at the park entrance.We went early, right on time for the park opening at 10am and head in a beeline straight for the Grizzly Gulch ride. It was a mild roller coaster ride that had part of the ride in reverse direction! As we went there on a weekday and early, we managed to take the ride twice with no wait.After that we immediately went for the other popular rides like Space Mountain and Astro Blaster. Again, we do do the rides twice with little wait.But after 11am, the crowds started appearing and the waits were ranging from 20mins 30mins. Still quite reasonable.Disneyland HK has fastpass tickets for a couple of rides, and we used it for the Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh ride, which cut our wait from 40 mins to 15mins.As usual, food & beverage in the park was expensive, though they do have water coolers for you to refill water bottles.The one attraction that surprised us and the kids really enjoyed was the Stitch Encounter. We attended the one in Mandarin, and had a hilarious time in the interaction with Stitch.We left the park around 6pm... spending a total of 8 hours at the park. And the kids enjoyed it!
Were pleasantly surprised after hearing mixed reviews. Although no bargain it was a full day of excitement for our 8 & 6yr olds. High quality experience, professional and engaging staff meant that the day was enjoyable for the entire family. Suggest going mid week to avoid queues and starting early to make best use of your time.
Brought my whole family, kids, brother, nephews and niece to HKD land on Dec 17, 2012. Was my 3rd visit to the park. Off from Indonesia  a 5 hour sky distance from HK  we were all geared up for a full day of fun. Kids were looking forward to it, a full pay off after midterm exams. That morning, we came early with loads of kids' neccessities and my personal photographic gears. Kids' stuff included raincoats, spare clothes  as it was pedicted there would be light showers and for getting prepared for some wet actions. My personal photographic gears included those heavy full frame DSLR body and lenses  as my visit to the park wouldn't be complete without taking some great shots of my family with famous backgrounds such as Disneyland.I packed all those gears in one plane cabin sized roller bag, thinking that it would be too heavy to carry around. What an unpleasant surprise I received from the gate attendant that morning, instructing that I should take out all the heavy gears and leave the roller bag at the deposit counter outside the park at HKD 60 fee. It wasn't the fee that made me upset, but the fact that they commanded me to carry the heavy loads without a roller bag. They even said:  You could take turn carrying them since you have 10 people with you!  What a statement! I thought to myself:  Doesn't she see half of my group consists of children? What a thoughtless statement to have small children carrying heavy loads around while they should have fun riding and enjoying the park's variety of treats and snack? What disappointed me was that there was no precaution whatsoever made to me prior to my coming  whether on the website or at the tickets agency that visitors should NOT bring any roller bags into the park. I ended up carrying all the heavy loads around on my back. Imagine bringing those around for 11 straight hours! I could not enjoy one bit of my visit to HK Disneyland this time, even though still trying hard to take good pictures. We went back home with my back hurt. It was such a hurtful treat from the staff at Disneyland having such a mindless service to visitors like us. I do not know the rationale behind this rule. I could only guess  it could be for security purposes, or commercial purposes. The latter being to stop visitors for not spending to purchase foods offerred from inside the park, if they bring ones from outside.I do not know exactly their reasons, but one thing that had left me with after visiting the theme park, and that is being hurt and disappointed. For those with similar case with me, I suggest they call in first or better still, do not carry heavy loads into the park. You never know what they will surprise you upfront, when they should surprise us during the park experience with great times!
We spent whole day at the park to maximize time and cost with our daughter and son age 13 and 6 yrs respectively. My son enjoyed the most as this is his first trip to Disneyland Park. My daughter have visited other Disney parks earlier so it wasn   t that exciting her, more over she   s already a teenager so she basically have outgrown Disney cartoon and the characters. None the less, she still enjoys the rides and shows.We arrive as early as 8.45am taking the shuttle from Disney hotel to the park. It took less than 15 mins to reach the park. So, we were really early as the park only open at 10.00am. However, it turns out to be for the better as the queue at the main entrance gets very, very long. We were amongst the first 10 people to enter the park as it opened. Therefore, we were among the earliest to queue to take picture with Mickey and Minnie plus other cartoon characters. The park is divided into several mini themed areas. You need to strategize your journey through the park to ensure that you get to cover all or most of the area by 8pm. You should start either from the left or right side as you enter the park and follow the selected direction until you complete all making a 360 degree circle. You should skip the show or rides that you think that you may have taken somewhere else or your kids may not enjoy. Maybe you can come back to take the rides or join the shows if time permit at the end of your journey. We stayed longer at the area that my children enjoy most, such as the Toy Story Land. Try to plan to take less short break in between by having the break during lunch and 5.30 while enjoying the parade which happens at the main street. Continue your journey after and try to cover all the areas by 7.30. With extra time before the firework start at 8.00pm, you can do your shopping and shop visits. You can even visit the shops after the fireworks end as the shops close at 9pm. This is also a better option coz if you rush to the shuttle station for the bus immediately after the firework, you may ended up queuing for a very long time as people start to rush to the shuttle station. Btw, this is only applicable for those staying at Disney hotels. A couple of tips to consider:    Bring your own water bottle. The park allows you to bring your own water but not food. There are water dispensers water coolers provided around the park for you to refill.  Try to take early or late lunch to avoid lunch crowd as seating are limited. Other visitors can be impolite sometimes as they make take your seats even after your child have seated to book the place for you.   For Muslim, there are halal foods available     Singapore food with selection of rice or noodle based dish. Generous portion sufficient for you and your child. However, the price is slightly on the high side. For Malaysian, we paid roughly RM32 (with drinks) on average per person.   Make sure your time check point to include 5.30 and 8.00pm for parade and fireworks respectively.  You can leave your luggage at luggage area for a fee without having to drag around the park and leaving it unattended.  Be a bit aggressive when you are standing in your queue coz there   s a lot of visitor doesn   t seems to understand queuing etiquette. Alert the staff on duty if you see others cutting queue especially tour groups. This happens a lot at rides and eating areas.These are few things that I notice that Disney Park management may want to consider for improvement:  Queue management. Sometimes the staffs on duty ignore visitors cutting queue especially with tour groups by allowing their tour members to join their other member that is already in the queue and they can be 5     10 of them jumping queue to so called join their friends.  Adults taking kids ride. Adults without accompanying kids taking rides that is meant for children. Allowing this may add the queue to be longer for kids.  Rides seating management. Staff allows individual or couple to take rides that can fit more than 2 people. This happen either at the request or not by the visitors themselves. As such it adds to longer waiting period for others.After spending 6 hours in the park, we managed to cover 95% with extra time for shopping. My wife and I were additionally happy with this trip as we finally managed to enjoy the fireworks that we have missed during previous Disneyland Park trips in the last 18 years. All visitors should not leave the park until the firework show end. It definitely worth the wait! You and your child will enjoy the firework show.It was a bonus for us when we were there, the park had the    light the Christmas tree    event the same night followed by a snow moment. The whole thing make our trip so magical and memorable.
There is Halal food sold in this park,but is overpriced  and average.Its was not very crowded and we could  enjoy looking around.  You must not miss the 3D show at this park,it's very nice ,,,, but too short around 20 mins.only.
A fun filled trip to Disneyland park with a 4 year old kid! Sure loved every bit of fun that we had as a family out there! Everything about the place was beautiful   The Parade, the character visit, theme based setup and the lights with fireworks! Well spent and good attraction for the kids who know a lot about Disney characters!
First time to Disneyland! Heard from many people that HK Disneyland is the poorest but I really find it enjoyable. The entrance fees is really pricey though...The train from Sunny Bay MTR station to Disneyland station is specially themed. The seats are real comfortable, cushioned and curved seats. There are figurines of Disney characters displayed in the train. And I love the windows and the handles   they're all Mickey mouse   shaped!I must say that HK Disneyland is well managed. Toilets are clean and the one of the rare toilets in HK that I've seen to provide toilet seat covers! All personnel working there are locals and I am very impressed to see the cleaners cleaning the dustbins and the toilets with pride and diligence! The rides are not a lot, sad to say. But then it's enough to bring joy to my sister's 3 children! It's a really good experience for them. The princesses, mascots and actors actresses are very professional! The people are really carefully selected and carried out their roles exactly like what I'd expect of the real characters themselves. The officials and local performers are the friendliest locals I've met! Really makes HK Disneyland a FANTASY WONDERLAND!Food wise, the pricing is surprisingly affordable. Although not delicacies, but the food is really good enough to fill out tummies.The parade is really very nice, all the performers are really professional! The highlight, of course, is the fireworks! The show is really beautiful so do catch it at 9pm. For these two shows, make sure you gather at the area at least half an hour before the show begins to ensure a good location. Do go on weekdays, you'll save a lot of queue time. Before you go, visit the website first to look through the timings of the shows etc! Good to plan ahead :) One thing I regretted   I did not stay in Disneyland resort... If traveling with young children, best option is to stay at Disneyland resort. The journey from other parts of HK to Disneyland is really tiring for kids as too much walking is involved!
1) very small theme park  2) easy to walk around  3) dont have to get the 2 day pass, 1 day is more than sufficient  4) the evening fireworks at 8pm is worth the visit
perfect to spend a day outside with the children, time before atraction are very long but it perfect when you on it
We went with our kids (3 and 8) and we are partial towards Disneyland. This park is pretty small and can be covered in a day. Loved the grizzly gultch section with the new ride. The food is disney is overpriced and average   nothing different here. It was not very crowded and we could really enjoy the rides. We saw two parades   regular disney and Halloween parade   both very nice with the participants interacting with the stand byers.Wonderful place to spend a day or two
Our family went early in the morning at 0930hrs in order to maximize our day unless you prefer to stay over. What i do not like is the long queue for the rides but other than that was a great place for all ages
This one sucks compared to the Ocean Peak. The park has very little to see. We spent like 4 hours in the park and already see everything we are interested in. If you have been the Disney World in Orlando then you can safely skip this one.
Untill today, we still miss the HK Disneyland very much & we swear will definately return again ^.^This is a MUST visit place when you go to Hong Kong, a fantabulous place for family & you definately would not regret at all. Choose the right season is very important, we went on early of November(2010), nice weather & we able to catched Mickey & Mini for the nice photo session.Lots of fun game over there, my son enjoy the toy story very much & we bought the toys with great price.Of course you must spare whole day in Disneyland till night to catch the best ever firework at night, it was so beautiful ^.^
Get a 2 day pass, its well worth it as you can explore the park at a more leisurely pace. Very clean toilets and many eateries with a variety of food. Queueing time for the rides were 40 mins max and managed excellently.The LION KING show was AWESOME , we went twice for this. Dont miss it! Stitch Adventure was good too. Flights of fantasy parade was feast to the eyes!However was pretty disappointed that the Sleeping beauty castle was not lit up as magiacally as expected   looked more like a haunted castle by night ! And the fireworks are nothing to shout about.
The hardwork put by the staff is shown in each and every corner of Disneyland. Truly stands up to its name of giving us all a magical experience. The place even has a baby care center where a nanny is deployed full time. The parade is just unbelievable. Lots of efforts are taken by each of the performers and definitely worth a lot of kudos !!!
in normal  Disney tradition, everything well maintained and fun for kids.  Not up to Orlando but a whole lot of fun nevertheless.
Not one of the largest Disney venues in the world but still has all the main attractions. The Main Street parades are terrific with Mickey Mouse and Minnie together with newer favourites such as the characters from Toy Story, Aladdin and many more. For the more adventurous there are some great rides and for those into more sedate forms of transport there is the train that circles the venue. Pick the time you visit would suggest in the cooler months and not a weekend if you do not like crowds, waits for the popular rides even on a quiet day can be 30 mins plus.
Third time in Disneyland HK but this time was different. I was with my family on the first two visits and this time I was with my friends. I enjoyed every single time of my visit but still have the same complain! The place is really too small!! I hope they could all more facilities.. on this third visit I did experienced some first time that weren't available yet on my previous visits but i think it's still not enough..
I've only been to Disneyland in Los Angeles, so I only have that to compare with. I was a bit disappointed that there weren't much characters along Main Street. But in terms of the rides, I truly enjoyed the experience. I loved Toy Story Land, where they have the Parachute Drop and RC Racer rides. Plus an additional section called the Mystic Point was under construction during my visit. I guess that's something to look forward to since they will be including a haunted house.I suggest to plan a trip on a weekday to avoid too many people. Do the rides in the morning and watch the shows in the afternoon.
We took the family to HK specifically to go to HK Disneyland. We booked the first night at Sky Marriott near the airport, as they have a free shuttle to Disneyland. You can also get there by the MTR with a change at Sunny Bay. Note, you can't easily use the Airport Express train, as it bypasses Sunny Bay station.We booked a 2 day DL pass package with the middle night at the Disney Hollywood Hotel. Great idea if you have young kids, as it is a short (free) shuttle to the hotel from the DL park exit. With young kids, i would highly recommend 2 days minimum. My 5 year old lasted 5 hours each day, but no longer. The park itself is awesome   perfectly Disney. Better in my opinion than Disneyworld in Orlando (although i went there in the 90's, not recently). Every detail was perfect, from the characters like Mickey, to the rides, to the perfect gardens, to the great food (Asian and American!!)The character meet and greets were my only negative   frequently we would stand in a long queue for 30 minutes, abd then the character would walk off, with the 'handler' telling us to come back hours later as they were now havibg a break. What a great way to break a child's heart!! Hot tip Disneyland   shut the queue if you are going to do that. Anyway, we managed photos with most of the Princesses, Tinkerbell (she was great and very chatty!), and Minnie.Queues mid week averaged 10 20 minutes per ride. Only 3 real adrenalin rides (Grizzly gulch RC, RC racer and Space Mountain).All in all a great experience, and well worth a bisit to HK for! We loved it.
IT was my first visit to Hong Kong Disneyland..., it was very beautifully decorated and fun to play. The rides were well pretty good, and THE PARADE was the nicest. Note to the parade: Please reserve your standing seat quickly if not 'SOME' PEOPLE WILL COME AND SQUEEZE IN TO THE STANDING AREA and please also try to make sure that 'SOME' people don't ever make your day unhappy. Staff was friendly and the shops have many items to shop and if you want to go, please go when the 'SOME' people are not having their holidays. The parade is very lively and the attractions are fun to play such as the  RC Racer  and the  Space Mountain . The park was not very big but it was certainly a well place to visit.BEST MONTH TO GO: march may or September October. Try to avoid rainy weather as it will be super cold. Unless you love the coldness.BEST SUGGESTED TIME TO LEAVE: Before 5pm , because when going back, the MTR will be SUPER crowded, unless you don't mind crowded trains on your way back.Be sure to bring your camera and also look out for Disney characters on the way( i saw Merlin on the way to somewhere :)
We went there in July. We had a 2 day pass tix and stayed at one of the Disney hotel as part of the package deal. Disneyland itself was great, all the attractions were working when we were there. Disneyland HongKong is smaller than Disneyland Anaheim and Paris, but Disneyland HK has Toy Stroy land and Bear (something) land. Queing up is part of the fun at Disneyland. My only suggestion when you are queing up is stay on the line and be firm as the locals like to push in front of you. Golden Micky was my daughter favorite, make sure you get there first when it is a bit quieter. Restaurants and food courts were ok not over priced, but i found some of them were dirty. Cute to hear Mickey speaks Chinese :).
This place was fantastic, not the biggest theme park in the world however the atmosphere is incredible!!! Surprisingly we went on a Sunday and there were not as many people there as expected, took at max 15 mins to get on a ride, the shows are awesome, had a brilliant time!Haven't been to Disneyland in any other country but we loved HK's Disneyland!Must see attraction in Hong Kong!
It was my first visit to any disneyland so my expectations, to start off with, were fairly low. Having said that, Disneyland Hong Kong easily surpassed my expectations. It was an easy MTR ride to Disneyland. Just follow the clear instructions in the MTR stations. We reached the theme park after lunch, about 2pm. Except for a long wait (about 1 hr) to take photos with Mickey and Minnie, the queues for the other rides were quite okay (maybe within 15 mins). Here are the rides and shows we took  watched and my thoughts:1) Runaway mine cars (Grizzly Gulch):  waiting time:   15 mins  thrill factor: 4 10  an enjoyable ride, not too 'hair raising'. Even my 62 year old mother was able to take it.2) RC Racer (Toy Story Land)  waiting time:   5 mins   we took so many times that I lost count!  thrill factor: 6 10  with practically no queue, it is a must to take it. It's also not as scary as it appears.3) Toy Story Parachute Drop (Toy Story Land)  I did not take this but my nieces took it  waiting time:   30 mins  suitable for young kids. My nieces were 4 and 7 years old. 4) Mickey's PhilharMagic (Fantasy Land)  3D (with some 4D effects) show  I find the show quite interesting. The effects were pretty good. My nieces had so much fun trying to reach out to grab whatever they saw in 3D!   the rest of the rides in Fantasy Land are more for young children5) Space Mountain (Tomorrowland)  waiting time: no queue, we immediately got ushered into our seats, leaving us no time to get ready!  thrill factor: 7 10  said to be the most 'hair raising' ride in the park. Thrilling yes but not the most awesome ride I've been to. Definitely worth a try nonetheless.6) Tarzan Treehouse (Adventureland)  waiting time:   5 mins to take the raft  nothing impressive, you follow the story of Tarzan as you climb the treehouse7) Flights of Fantasy Parade (Main Street USA)  vibrant, colourful parade with songs and dance  you can get to see all the characters in their floats  must watch, advisable to get a good spot for photos8) Disney in the Stars fireworks (Main Street USA)  Wow wow wow! what can I say? Amazing fireworks performance and surprisely (and pleasantly), a long performance as well. It is my strong advice for you to stay back and catch the show. But make sure you reach early to grab a good spot. The problem of leaving the theme park amide the huge throng of people can wait after you enjoy this fantastic show.
The tickets were quite expensive but we didn't mind speding bcoz here's the first place I planed with my friend to go when arrived HK. ,, it's worse than we thought!! Disney Land is quite big.,You might be able to see all the sights in a half day munimum and that day was raining then we just walked around until my friend wanted to see Winnie the Pooh.We expected less crowded but we were wrong,the long queue awaited.....around an hour more and took us around only 10 mins visiting inside!! OMGzzzzz ....really disappointed! We will never go back again ...TT
Like many large amusement parks, Disneyland is also split into different areas with different themed attractions. If you   re feeling lazy, you can hop onto a Taxi cab at Main Street, USA for a mini tour :)Kids will love the Stitch Encounter (24) as well as The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh (21). The Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters (28) is good interactive fun for the family. Don't miss the Mickey   s PhilharMagic (13), Jungle River Cruise (10), Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway MineCars (33),    Festival of the Lion King    (7) & most importantly, the fireworks show at 8pm!Things to take note:1. A red dotted line marks the Parade Route, which will not be accessible while the parade is ongoing. (Parade starts at 3.30pm)2. Some pathways will be blocked at 7pm, so follow instructions from the Disneyland staff to make your detour.3. Each standard 1 Day ticket costs HK$399, you can choose to purchase your tickets personally or online. Do remember to request for a stamp if you are planning to re visit on the same day.
We had a 19 hour layover in Hong Kong so we decided to spend the day at Hong Kong Disneyland. I loved it! It was exactly like Disneyland in Anaheim, but just a smaller version. We never waited more than 5 minutes in any line. It was a Monday and a bit rainy when we visited, so perhaps the shorter lines had something to do with that. Hard to say, but it was a great time. Cost is about $55 USD. As is typical, food and gifts inside the park are expensive. Worth a visit if you have time in Hong Kong.
One of the most memorable experiences ever! The parade at 3.30 pm was the highlight of the visit, so was the fireworks at 8 pm.... The rides at tomorrowland were awesome especially  Space Mountain  was worth repeating! Grisly Gulch section had a hair raising Mine ride on a train.. Do not miss it... we rode it thrice.. Philar magic was a charming experience. One day is probably not enough to enjoy the fascinating land of Disney.
Getting there was pretty simple.  It's a good day tour specially with kids (or kids at heart).  Lots of fun and lots to see and do.  Souvenir shops abound (kinda pricey) but it's Disney!
Excellent & My kids age 11, 6 & 3 enjoyed the park very much. Disneyland has rides for both younger children & also older kids. We went on Tuesday & the park wasn't very busy. The que for rides was pretty fast & we waited about 15 20 minutes on average. I have been to Disneyland HK a couple of times. The last time was in Nov 2009. This time around, they added 2 new parks, Toy Story land & Grizzly Gulch. One day is barely enough if you really go for all rides show taking into consideration of waiting time for each ride, depend on the day (weekday weekend, school holiday etc) you are going. You might want to get a 2 days entrance pass (Adult HK$499, Child HK$355) & stay in Disneyland Hotel or Disney's Hollywood Hotel for a night. One day entrance pass is Adult HK$399 & Child HK$285. Children below 3years old is free.The firework at 8pm was awesome! It worth the wait.
excellent we realy enjoyed our day there, lots to do and see and the carnival was very disney and excitable, we loved it
we stopped by while in transit. taxi from the airport to disney land is only about 100 HKD. if you show your flight tickets at the entrace you will get nearly 50 percent on the ticket.we spent about three hours and felt we had done it all in that time. the park is very small, and there are not many rides. it was ok to walk around, but really not much to do. guess it is fun for small children, but for grown ups the park is to small.
Went today with 16 yo and 9 yo. Although it was overcast and rained at times, we had a great day. Went on most of the rides (only small lines), saw the parade and many characters. Staff were great, food good. Prices fair. A great day out and good value.
We had a great day in Hong Kong Disneyland. Trained it from TST to Disney train, what a treat Mickey Mouse windows and hand holders unreal. Totally proffesional, much better in my opinion than Anahein. Street parade was so entertaining, Lion King show brilliant, all the attractions are well maintained, clean. Food was priced very well for a theme park, as was merchandise. Entry at $50 per adult quite reasonable also.
Its a great place to be especially with young kid(s). Our 2 years old had a great time there, so did we.  The shows were fantastic, and an absolute delight.  Fireworks are simply awesome. Its worth every penny you spend for this trip.
the scream worthy grizzly gulch ride is the latest addition to the lot. tip: take the easy rides first (like the spinning teacups, small world, orbitron) and move up.  oh, and the 3 d philharmagic never gets old.
Truly the happiest place on earth! Disneyland will make an adult a child again. It is a place where adult & child enjoy every ride and every attraction there is. A place where either if you are with your family or barkada (group of friends), either with just taking pictures with the cast characters roaming around the park or ride from the simplest carousel or the extremest ride you will surely enjoy the bonding time together.
great park on par with those in the US. easy to see everything in one full day. Parking was a bit confusing and then you had to walk to a mini bus, I would recommend the MTR instead. Lots of stuff for kids and young at heart.
Had an awesome time in Disneyland! as it was my first time in HK and also Disneyland, I had very little expectations. However, it turned out to be a day filled with laughter and joy for my family and I Theres something for everyone in the family, regardless of age. Its a truly magical place, especially at night when the fireworks come on. Be sure to get an early spot and dont miss this one. Its unlike any other firework I have ever seen.Food is a tad bit expensive. But be sure to grab a map at the entrance and cover most of the areas.Keep your camera with you and be sure to snap away amaxing memories!
i love disneyland hong kong.. this is a place to all children and grown up children (adults). a place to forget all stress of work, a place to find our childhood heroes.. even we have grow up, we still can find our adult hero eg. lilo and stick. dont miss out to take photographes with mickey mouse, groofy, mini mouse, pink panter, and etc. and i end up my wonderful day with fireworks just over the night..i love it very much
This was our second visit to Disneyland and we enjoyed it even more this time. The first visit was shortly after it had opened and there wasn't really that much to it   three 'lands' and ridiculous crowds even though it was mid week and raining! Apparently the novelty has worn off since then and even though the park has considerably more to see and do now, the crowds were much smaller.No matter what, you can't argue that Disney do an amazing job on their parks. The details and charm is extraordinary   even to two childless adults who aren't really 'Disney' fans as such! It truly is a wonderland and I can only imagine how exciting it must be to see this place through a child's eyes.A special mention for all the Adults visiting Disneyland in Hong Kong... we ate lunch at the Plaza Inn Restaurant and it was fantastic! Some of the nicest Chinese Food we've had in a long time... we thoroughly enjoyed it!The three rides we chose to go on were the Jungle Ride, the Grizzly Grinch Roller coaster and Space Mountain. LOVED every second of the Jungle ride and the Grizzly Grinch Roller coaster but Space Mountain was a bit much for me   slight case of vertigo being spun around and thrown about in the dark with all the flashing lights in my face... maybe I'm just getting too old for that! :p
who doesn't love Disney? Golden Mickey is a MUST SEE SHOW! and all the parades and fireworks, it's like we're in a different world...
This is awesome for kids , My 4 yr old sone enjoyed the rides and was really cool for him, We had to stay another day in Hong kong becos of this place. Really awesome.
we bought a 2days pass, and we managed to play all the ride.It was fun, kids enjoyed it. It was very clean, even the toilets. Love most of it  its a small world, grizzly grunch, tomorrowland, etc..Parade was awesome, although i hoped to see each princess on their own parade. Fireworks starts at 8 pm everyday. Souvenirs shops are everywhere. and they have a shop at the airport too. If you didnt managed to get souviner in the disneyland itself, dont worry,you can purchase it at airport. They have plenty of cafes & restaurant. And for Muslims, there a Tahitian Restaurant  which is certified halal. Access to there is very convenient. They have MRT (special disneyland train) to disneyland. , busess & taxis. If you are staying at the disneyland hotel, there's a shuttle bus comes every 10 minutes.
I had never been to a Disneyland before and was thoroughly impressed. All the staff were incredibly nice and more than helpful.The shows we saw (Lion King, Golden Mickeys) were amazingly staged and great for all ages. We were all thoroughly impressed.The park itself is smaller than other Disneylands but still more than enough for a full day! There is so much to see and do and so many mascots to have photos with (mascots are happy to pose any way you want!).
Admit it. Disney will always hold a special place for you. The Flights of Fantasy Parade was magical. I didn't squat about the Jonas Brothers' song that was used, but I was singing  Hey! Hey! Hey!  with the kids. The performers were really great and cordial. They tried addressing the kids and the kids at heart. I got teary eyed seeing the Princess float. I mean, that's my childhood standing up there, waving back at me. Apart from the Princess float, I also liked Tinkerbell's float and the Toy Story float. The park has so many attractions, it just isn't enough to put all of it down in one sitting. For the kids, the rides are great. For the adults, the shows are something to definitely see. Get the guides from the entrance to know the times and where to locate everything. Bring home a souvenir. I find that a nice fridge magnet is difficult to find, but they have really neat pins and key chains.
I visited HK Disneyland with a friend on an overcast, mid week day in the fall. I   m glad we went when we did, because I absolutely can   t imagine what this place must be like on a busy weekend!After a short walk from the taxi drop off zone, we were able to buy our entry passes without delay from friendly multilingual staff. Once inside, there   s no question you   re at Disneyland. All the whimsy and magic of this international icon is executed perfectly here, and there are lots of familiar faces. The food was expensive, but approximated the American originals well enough, with nice local fare mixed in. Space Mountain was spectacular and worth many trips through the line. The riverboat jungle cruise was hysterical and available in three languages, all hilarious.My only complaint is that full size mascots and Disney Princesses were sorely missing from our experience. You don   t get the random encounters here like you do at other Disney parks.Very recommended, if only once.
loved the fireworks display&the nice park.just long queues practically everywhere.1 day isn't enough to explore the whole area.allot 2days at least
We bought standard day ticket and came early in the morning before the gates open...an interesting place and suitable for family....tried one of the game and we could not endured the joy since we screamed a lot...a lot of restaurants and love it when they also have Halal restaurant in there and make us smiling happily....
I was there with my wife and 5 year old daughter. Bought the 2 days ticket as 1 day is definitely NOT enough. My daughter had such a great time that she wish she was born in Disneyland :) The shows was excellent. We spent two days of more than 10 hours each day at Disneyland. Went there on Monday and Tuesday therefore the queue for rides is managable. Most of the rides had no queue. Its definitely value for money and stay for the fireworks.
HK Disney is a lot disappointing as you don't get the character interaction of the others and there are limited rides, etc around the park.
Likes: Excellent weather. Not crowded.  Dislikes: Not many attractions. Food was bad not worth the money spent.
In 2004 we visited Disneyland LA in the US. It was fun and my daughter was only young so we had a lovely time. This time my daughter was 21 and we had if anything a better time at Hong Kong Disneyland. Yes it is smaller but no where near as crowded and not so far to walk. We had a wonderful time with practically no queueing so we were able to go on rides more than once in our 1 day visit. The shows were absolutely spectacular and breath taking. One was singing and dancing based on Disney movies, another 4 D experience lots of fun but best of all was the most amazing live show in the round that we have ever seen. It was based on the Lion King and the sets and performances were spectacular... brilliant... outstanding...standing ovations went on and on. The street dancers with the Halloween theme were also talented and spooky, the Halloween parade from our vantage spot on the steps at the main Disney train station was so well done and then to top off a fantastic Disney day we watched the fireworks display based on the fantasyland castle. They seemed to go on and on with each section more amazing, colourful, reaching higher and higher with gorgeous songs accompanying the stunning displays. A perfect end to a perfect day. Strangely the staff are no where near as friendly as the US staff but maybe that was just our language differences !!!
Smallest Disneyland in the world, but the magical feel is always there. Went on a Monday to avoid the  heard about  weekend crowd.As a thrill seeker   loved the following rides: Space Mountain, RC Racer & Grizzly Gulch. Loved the fun at Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters... where I always won against those I was with. :)Great show and performance put up by the crew of The Festival of the Lion King; great props, top singers performers... Worth the value of the Disneyland ticket itself!GREAT merchandise in the stores; I apparently spent 1.5 hours just in the main store alone.
We spent 3 lovely, fun filled days at Hong Kong Disneyland and Loved it. We bought a 2 day pass from the Disneyland Hotel where we were staying and then paid separately for the 3rd day. Our 7 year old daughter had a Magic Access pass, which also entitled us to discounts all through the park. Our first visit was a rainy day, but it didn't dampen our spirits   just our feet. We took advantage of this to check out some of the shows   Lion King and Golden Mickeys were wonderful. The parade was a special rainy day express   loved Chip and Dales rain coats! We had no queues to go on any rides at all. Our 7 year old especially loved the Its a Small world ride. We had a lovely lunch in the Corner Cafe (sit down resturant with table service) then later for afternoon tea we bought some treats from the Market House Cafe. I really dont know what people are complaining about in their reviews   the food was fine!The park was set up for Halloween, which made things even more interesting. The shopping was wonderful, we bought many things and even lashed out and got some more upmarket things from the Jewellers and Crystal Arts gift shop.We also managed to get pictures with Tinkerbell and Mickey and Minnie dressed in their Halloween costumes.Our second day was Halloween, and was sunny. Our 7 year old had been to Bibbidy, Bobbidi Boutique, and had been transformed into Sleeping Beauty. We went down to the park in the afternoon and did some rides, caught the parade. Many tourists wanted their picture taken with our daughter and she obliged.  May we have picture with the little Princess  It made her feel really special. They tried to coax her out into the parade but she was too shy. She had her picture taken with Mickey and Minnie western style in Grizzly gulch. She loved driving the cars in autopia, and the Buzz lightyear ride. We walked back to the Hotel and had dinner in the enchanted Garden Resturant with more photo opportunties with Mickey, Minnie, Pluto and Goofy. Then we caught the bus back to the park and watched the fantastic Halloween parade, and the ghouls and Zombies dancing in Main Street. Then we went and watched the fireworks over the castle. It was awesome   I got all choked up at one stage. It was so magical.On our 3rd day we managed to get photos with Belle and Cinderella in Snow Whites Grotto, and Chip and Dale in Main Street. We had lunch in the Royal Banquet Hall, I had some great chicken wings, didn't even mind it was served on a Mickey Mouse Plate! We did more rides and went back to hotel for dinner. Then we went back to the park for the fireworks again   we loved it soooo much the first night!As we had 3 days we never felt rushed and flustered and just simply enjoyed the moments we had, which I think helped to make them more magical. Queues weren't an issue for us, we did have fast passes, but never needed to use them. Our 7 year old had an absolute ball!I HAD to go into every shop in each different land as you find there are slightly different things in each shop.My husband and I enjoyed the beautiful and picturesque surroundings, everything was perfect and so clean. We also loved the way the staff (called cast members) interacted with the children, they give out stickers, in 3 days our daughter had a pile of them which was wonderful.We did find the mainland chinese a little pushy when the parade started, but we simply pushed back and they got the message.I definately think that staying at the Disneyland hotel helps to make the experience even more magical.There is a new attraction due to open early in 2013 called Mystic Point that has a big old Mansion as the centre attraction   looks awesome. It will have a trackless ride like one in Japan I read somewhere.I know this park is the smallest, but to be honest, we walked and walked when we were there, I am not sure I would like to visit a much bigger one. I would return to Disneyland Hong Kong in a heartbeat!!!!
Tix to Disneyland we bought the night before at a circle K convenience store, no fixed date on them, as long as you use it within 30 days. We paid HK$400 each (A$50) Caught train from Central Railway station, train cost HK24 each , one way. Just 1 change of train at Sunny Bay Station. Then you catch special Disney Trains to Disneyland. You walk down a tree lined boulevard towards a water fountain. Turn right and this leads to the ticket booths. We got there early to beat the heat, as web page says that it opens at 9am. Turns out, that if they think it is going to be a quiet day, they don   t open till 10am.We waited over an hour to have a photo taken with Mickey & Minnie Mouse. Lucky I took an umbrella, as there was no shade in the queue. Mickey & Minnie kept disappearing as it was a very hot & humid day. An official photo is taken, then they will use your camera to take some more pics, if you want. But be warned everywhere you go they take photos of you and hand you a receipt to pick up your photos at one of the many booths.Walked down    Main Street, USA    lots and lots of souvenir shops here. Very hard to resist. Always full of tourists.Onto Fantasyland at the end of Main Street. All rides are free once you buy your entry tickets. We went on the Merry go round, the flying Dumbo ride, Winnie the poo ride. Not a busy day, so queues weren   t that long. 10     15 mins was the usual wait time.Behind the Dumbo ride was a park with gazebos. These had live Disney characters that you could have a photo taken with. Mickey, Minnie, Goofey, Poo Bear and a few others. As usual the official photo was taken and you could then use your own camera for more photos.Many places to eat. We had lunch at an open air place. Cost HK$70 and 80 for our choices. Drinks available all over Disneyland. Soft drink or water cost HK$20     25 depending on the location. HK$18 for a delicious frozen orange icy pole.After lunch we went to Toy Story Land, GrizzyGulch, AdventureLand and after the street parade we went to Tomorrowland. Each  Land  has their own unique rides. Some tame, some not so tame. But we got told later, by friends, that we are just wuzzes, as there were no,    not so tame    rides. All rides were tame.The Street parade at 3pm was great. Very hot and not a lot of shade around. We got a nice viewing spot and got there early for some good photos. But most of our photos were ruined by late comers pushing themselves and their cameras in front of us, blurring a lot of my photos. We left after the Street Parade, as my back had had enough. Not many places to sit down at. But could have easily stayed for hours longer to watch some 3D movies, a stage show and go to Small World.Take at least 1 umbrella with you for shade. Be prepared to fork out heaps of $$$$ for official photos (you don   t have to buy them all, just choose your favourites). More $$$$ for souvenirs. But the place is worth every cent. Had a great day and would have loved to stay longer, and would have gone back for another day, if we had the time.If you don   t get all the souvenirs you want, they have an official Disneyland shop in the Departures area after immigration and customs at the airport. And not so crowded, as they were at Disneyland.Same stuff and the same price.
Hi there!:) Well as we talk about Disneyland arround the globe i would say that this is the Smallest one:) and it's also made more for kids with all the attractions for them.No scary rooms:( No crazy roller costers:( No waterfalls:( BUT Lots of easy going games, rivers, fun for lil once!!! Very nice mid day parade!!! Awesome show of closing with fireworks, parade, light show !!!! Just WOW!!!   Couldnt stop watching it till the end!Lots of shops with really nice souvenirs and food courts.Very nice place to pass by when you are in no rush and in HK:) Definitely next time when we ll have kids we definitely will visit it:)
This was my first trip to any Disneyland in the world and I was truly impressed. From the time we reached the Disneyland MTR station we were taken in by the music and so called 'magical' feeling the park was supposed to have given you.Rides are awesome, and different from the rest of any themepark that you will go to. Food and souvenir items can be a bit on the expensive side and the best part was the ending at 8PM where they had the fireworks display for a good 15 minutes at least. Park I heard, is considered small but a one day ticket still is not enough time to take all the rides. One ride was closed the Space thing, i don't relaly know what it is called although we would really have liked to try this ride as well.
Never having been to Disneyland I was keen on recent trip to Hong Kong to check it out. I wasn't disappointed. It had plenty of rides, plenty to entertain us. Only thing I would suggest maybe go later in the afternoon so you can stick it out until the fireworks. We got there earlier, and without kids we were tired by 3 o'clock. If I was to go again I would have just been arriving then. I can't imagine how kids last 10hrs there even though there are plenty of rides. Really good experience. I can't wait to check out some more in the world to compare
Park was a good size and not too tiring for a 3 yr old to explore for the whole day, inclusive of a 1hr nap! Food within the park was good too!I went on a non holiday friday and there was minimum Q ing. The longest I had to wait for rides was 20mins! Good!!!
The best thing about Disneyland Hongkong is that it's easily coverable in a day if you spend all of the 10 hours it's open for in the place, including rides, shopping, pictures and food. It's divided into 6 story lands with about 3 4 rides each on an average, so that makes 20 24 rides. Doable in a day! It is beautifully designed to give a great fairy tale experience ranging from classic american homes and streets to fantasy world to life in the space. It has rides for everyone, and the best family rides are in the  Fantasy world  section. We really loved the  Small World  and  Winnie the Pooh Adventures . There are also 3 D animation shows which are very nice. What is not so great about the place is that food is worse than horrible. There are very few vegetarian options (if any), and whatever they have tastes what hell must taste like. The only thing we could really eat was steamed rice, and the bottled juices. It's best to carry your own takeaway or packed food, or just eat well before entering and then after leaving the place. Also, there weren't too many Disney characters around (as we had expected). There was only Mickey Mini Mouse, Goofy and Jessie & Woody from Toy story. We would have loved to see some more characters, at least Donald Duck and some princesses. But all in all, it gives a great experience of what it is designed for   fun and fantasy; and it makes for a great one day visit.
Visited HK's disneyland on one of the weekdays and there were not too many visitors. In fact, we managed to ride on most of the attractions and twice on space mountain. Food was good and easily available. Most importantly, this park has rides for both children and adult. Getting to HK's disneyland was super easy. The disneyland's MTR station is located right outside the park and the train from Sunny bay(MTR station to change before boarding the disneyland line) is decorated with disneyland's icons. Having been to Tokyo's disneyland, I found that Hong Kong's was lacking the atmosphere. The traditional parade was short, less than 30 mins and the characters on display were very little, not as magnificent as Tokyo's disneyland. Fireworks in the night was nothing too amazing. Staff at the park was not very friendly and they could not converse very well in English. Overall, it is still a must to visit Hong Kong's Disneyland to experience their rides and relive your childhood again(if you are an adult).
I so love Disneyland. The place where everything is possible. I can be a princess, a mermaid or even a lion (depends on your imagination).Going to Disneyland is convenient as it is accessible via train. Food are quite pricy as expected to all theme parks. All personnel are accomodating (except for goofy).The following shows are highly recommended: (1) Lion King Show (forgot the title)   amazing acrobatic show. (2) Golden Mickey   very entertaining but they cut the show in the middle because of technical difficulties. We lined up again to be readmitted. (3) parade of fantasy   what i love most about the parade is the marching band.(4) the stitch encounter   it's like a high tech comedy bar(5) philhatmagic show (3D show) very funny because of donald duck.
We were told that Disneyland in Hong Kong wasn't up to much but then we have never been to Disney Europe or the USA so had nothing to compare it with. We had a great time, highlight of our stay. We got there for about 5pm and didn't have to queue for any of the rides. We missed the parade but being a group of adults and teenagers it didn't bother us. Really enjoyed the rides and the shops were cute. Stayed for the fireworks and they were brilliant. Was a bit concerened that we would have to wait some time for trains back to hotel due to the crowds, but not the case and back in no time at all. Will definately go back there.
Having been to Disneyland in California, and Eurodisney, I found this Disneyland lacking somewhat. There are really only 3 4 exciting rides and it lacks the atmosphere of the bigger Disneylands. It was still a fun day however and easy to travel to and get around, given it seems smaller than the others.
this is a land u can spend a day or more. Not too crowded, still need to queue to play the games even u've got the fast pass, will be happy when u can play one or play 2 or play 3 times, also a lot of choice of food inside, that's why u can spend one day or more; the most impressed is the firework at night!
Disneyland's pretty okay, if you haven't been there before. This is the 2nd time I was there and it rained (again), but it was a good thing we still caught both the traditional and Halloween parades. First  ride  for us was a haunted house type of attraction where people jumped out of places and tried to scare the bejeezus out of you. That ROCKED! Space Mountain was still a thrill   with a bit of Halloween thrown into the ride's attractions. I just wish the cast members can speak better English, though, especially in the haunted house attraction.
Having been to Florida and Paris Disneylands and having read the various guide books we were pleasantly surprised by how good this version is.   Whilst it's not on the scale of the other locations, there's plenty here and we had an enjoyable day out.
First of all, go only during weekdays. Again, avoid weekend. And to be triple sure, go during weekend, and mainland china holiday season at your own risk.We travelled specifically on a Tuesday, as our neighbor who travelled there during weekend, three weeks before us, had such unfortunate encounters. They waited for 2 hrs for each ride, shoved around and cut q by all other people... Comparatively, our average q time is 2 mins for each station, and the longest one is the character photo taking session at fantasy land, max 15 mins for Mickey mouse. During weekdays, china mainland tourist are rare, as such not so much jumping the q, or rushing in and pushing you out of the front q (not that it doesnt occur, just fewer).IMO Disneyland hong kong did their best, but there is a limit on how they can control the crowd.Back to the fun part: yes both my kids enjoyed the trip totally, highlight of their Hk trip.(aged 3 and 4). I would suggest upon arrival take the train for one stop to fantasy land, cover all scenes there (the little world is nice, also character photo in the park). The self driven car at toy story land is very nice, and the LILO and stitch live q&a session is funny. Parade is grand. I find the lion king performance also a must to enjoy. Ending the park visit with the highlight Of 8pm fireworks.We stayed at Disneyland hotel for that night but IMO ~400usd is a hefty price tag for the hotel. You are better off getting a good hotel nearby and take a cab or mtr after exiting the park.A must visit, especially for kids. Food is pricey but within acceptable range.
People have told me when you walk through the doors of Disneyland you enter a magical world, and wow so true. We are a family of four 2 adults and 2 children (13 and 6), this was our first trip to any Disneyland and we had an amazing time. We purchased a two day pass, and I   m so glad that we did as it gave us extra time to go back and cover things we didn   t get around to the first day. The rides were so much fun (our favorites were Grizzly Grinch, RC Racer (only my oldest and I went on this), Buzz Lightyear). We loved how the characters did so much interaction with everyone and how it wasn   t when you went up for a photo just stand and click, that the characters actually joked around with the kids, and even the adults and we even had the staff taking photos on our personal camera. My youngest got pulled up to participate in the parade, and loved how the characters also interacted with the kids (my youngest) during the parade as well by coming up to him while he was sitting watching.The only thing that I would suggest and will keep this in mind when I visit other parks, is not to go on the weekend, or if you do then purchase a two day pass. Our first day at the park was on a Sunday and to start with it was ok, but by about 3.00pm there were crowds everywhere, and the lines were so long, we did get the fast pass for one of the rides on this day (would recommend that as well), you just put your ticket in then it gives you a time to come back to the ride and when you do you just walk up to the front of the fast pass line and avoid the long queues. One of the staff actually checked with us if we got a two day pass and said if you come on the week day it will be a lot quieter. When we went back the following day we had marked on the map all the things we wanted to cover, and we got through it all plus more within 4 hours as there were no line ups for the rides or to have your photo taken with the characters. Thank you Disneyland for making it a magical time for us all.
I am not a child but I still enjoyed the place. I had the chance to have a picture with Minnie and it was fun. This place would be perfect for a family bonding with kids 12 and below.
I have been to US and Japan's Disneyland   HKG is the smallest   even though with the latest new theme park. Certainly, it is a wonderful place for my kids as they love to visit Disneyland whenever we visit HKG.However, with the increasing arrival of Tourists from mainland China   it can be really frustrating. Mainly because many of them don't like to follow the line. During the recent school holiday   my family visited Disneyland again and more than a dozen times   they just tried to go in front of us without following the line and I have to literally stop some of them.Sadly, many of the staffs ignore it. Besides that, it is a great place for children and adults alike.
this is a place where the whole family can have a great day. the shows are terrific especially the festival of the lion king as well as the golden mickeys. the attractions are strategically and methodically arranged so that navigating them is a breeze. we went there on a monday and we were able to enjoy almost all the rides and shows because there were relatively few tourists during that time. food is overpriced, although the portions are very generous. there are lots of drinking fountains so there's no need to buy the expensive bottled waters. try to come during opening time (around 10 am) until the closing (around 8 pm) to fully enjoy the day. its tag as the happiest place on earth is definitely well deserved.
This is my 3rd or 4th time here and my 1st review. We started at the entrance main street USA, and that has only shopping. Going anti clockwise to tomorrow land, we did the traditional Disney space mountain ride. This is 1 of the only 3 thrill rides at Disney HK, some we relished itNext is fantasy land and we took the slow boat in  it's a small world  , which is basically a doll fetish's fantasy land. The world is split into many sections continents and there are hundreds of dressed up dollsAdventure land has my favorite  festival of the lion king  show. The classic Elton John soundtrack, the visuals, acrobatic acts are top qualityToy story land has the 2nd thrill ride RC racer, basically a roller coaster that swings back and forth like a pendulumGrizzly gulch has the 3rd thrill ride  big grizzly mine cars , which is a roller coaster that only moves backward for a bitWe also saw the flights of fantasy street parade which has most of the Disney characters on show. It was nice and the music was fun to shake toWe then took the railroad train back to the entrance, the ride was painfully slow and we saw mostly trees due to the design of the railroadOverall, we liked the thrill rides and we both are adults and I guess the kids will like the other rides. The thrill rides can't compare to those at 6 flags or universal but we shouldn't compare apples with oranges. We went on a weekday and the lines were not long
The rides were just fine for my kids' ages (7 and 4 years). The theatres were enjoyable, especially the Lion King. Only disappointment was that we missed the characters' parade.
If you have young children Disneyland is a must, but for Older Teens and adults there is less appeal with limited rides and attractions, We visited Disneyland on one day and Ocean Park the next and the difference was stunning. At Disney ride queues were often 20   30 minutes whereas Ocean Park had queues of less than 5 minutes and often on queues at all.After arriving my partner saw photo opportunity with Mickey and Minnie, and joined the queue, over an hour later and had hardly seemed to move.Overall the day at Disney was enjoyable and the parade was great, If you have young kids this is the place for you ..
I missed to Disney for 3 years, this year plan to have vacation with my family during oct. I got fun with my kids, especially the new toy stories land& grizzly gulch. Especially the mine car move forward & backward. it's fun with kid. Recommend to go earlier, as lot of group (Chinese) arrived after 2 pm. don't miss out the firework at night. The Halloween is great, however we don't have time to visit, it might plan next year.
Once you enter disneyland, u are overwhelmed by the entire park.. the staff is friendly and courteous and the rides are endless.. if you are young at heart then one day pass of this resort is not good enough, opt for a two day pass to grab onto as many rides as possible. one should start early and take a break in the noon and then get back to the park.. dont miss to get your hands stamped by invisible ink for same day return!!Sharp at 9pm there is a magical show at the castle, dont miss it.. it just adds icing.. and if u lucky catch the evening parade.. also the last ride of the toy train ends at around 5pm, so catch it before that to get the glimpse of the entire resort.
I went there and the celebration of the haloween was ON, is was great day with full of activity and events  they were a bit scary for my son but still he had a good time with some vampires
Entertaining and fun for adults and kids alike.  Didn't like that we weren't allowed to take our own food in (a cake).
This trip ruined my childhood memories of Disneyland so I would only recommend it if you actually have little ones.There were so many tourists and some of them were pretty rude   shoving in and queue jumping and talking really really loudly.THe rides are boring. If you are after some adrenaline pumping rides at a far cheaper entrance fee, go to Ocean Park.
A fabulous place to take the family. It doesn't have all the attractions as the original Disneyland but we could see builidng work underway. Make sure you go on a cooler day as waiting in queues can be quite uncomfortable under the hot sun. Get there early.
Hong Kong's disneyland is probably the smallest Disney park around (smaller than Eurodisney, as a reference).There are very few attractions, but the ones available are quite nice.We spent Haloween there so the whole park was decorated for the occasion, with some special attractions, haunted house style.There are no Disney characters walking around, so you need to queue to take a picture with one of them in the designated areas.The Space Mountain (icon of the Orlando's Disney) is quite nice. Overall the two rollercoaster type of attractions are nice and can be enjoyed by not so young people. The rest of the park is mostly aimed to young kids, in my opinion about 10 years old or less.The haloween attractions are more for young adults, since some young kids can get scared.The whole park can be visited in 1 day without rush, and probably it takes 2 days to visit all the attractions (and probably even less time), so dont plan a whole week on it, just enjoy it for 1 or 2 day.
Def worth a visit although diehard Disney fans may find it a little limited. Our day somewhat clouded by the fact that Space Mountain was out of action for redecoration hence only 3 rather than 4 rating.Grizzly Gulch, however, was excellent with a nice twist on the original Thunder Mountain ride.Def geared more towards the smaller children, easily done in a day or less if not too crowded.Unlike Paris Disney, everyone was polite and nobody jumps queues.
My husband and I went with a business acquaintance and by the time we traveled home from the park, we were friends! This is a wonderful combination of East meets West. I had dim sum pork ribs over sticky rice with sauce (yum!). My husband and friend each had the fish n' chips which came with French fries, tarter sauce, ketchup and a bowl of creamy mushroom soup. There were also veggies on the side. I had my husband's soup and it wad very rich and creamy, not watery at all! I can't say if their food was good or not as they both ate every bite before I could taste it. We later had hot buttered Carmel popcorn (which you can ask to have  to go  and they will wrap it in a bag for you). This never made it out of the park as intended: we couldn't stop eating it! It is better than the way we do it in the States! I had chocolate covered, black sesame ice cream that was marvelous and Dole dark chocolate dipped banana slices also delightful! Two food misses: mango pudding: no taste; odd texture. Circle donut: wonder white bread with glaze over the top (and we all agreed it looked so good!). Full fruit juice lived up to the name: watermelon and mango, but lots and lots of sugar. Try Healthworks by Nestles. It is a sugarcane and sea coconut drink (looks like Vitamin Water). It's different, but tasty! Not for he timid!
to me this was much nicer visit that the ocean park, but after you have visited any other Disney, you have seen them all, but even then, even so i did like.
On our trip to HK in Oct we visited the park, and although smaller than the one in Florida,we were pleasantly surprised with it. The park itself was clean,and had all the Disney themes with main Street etc.and loads of shops and eating places .The only downside was that the roller coaster style rides were not there to satisfy the more adult thrill seekers, but still the park was reasonable value for money.The usual Disney parade was well worth the wait to see,as was the night fireworks display.At the time of our visit there was building work going on to enlarge the park with more attractions, so no doubt be good improvement for next time.
arrive at the park early and plan your visit. we started with tomorrowland first as the rides seem the most exciting and we didn't want to queue for too long. another attraction not to be missed is the grizzly gulch mine cars. my kids love the ride so much they did it twice! make sure you catch the golden mickey show and lion king show plus the parade! not to be missed. if the kids are not too tired, stay for the fireworks. it is worth the wait!
We spent 9 nights in HK so had the time to spend 2 days here. Lucky we did! The crowds were overwhelming. The shocking part is that it's mostly adults standing in line to have photos with characters as well as genuine kid rides like Dumbo the Elephant. It was frustrating as the tourists were very very rude, que cutting and pushing and shoving. So be prepared for this. Our 3 kids had a wonderful time and we tried to ignore the other guests who completely lacked manners. As muslims we were very pleased to find delicious halaal food in the Tahitian restaurant, the restaurant also caters for vegetarians. The toys and novelties in the gift shop were not badly priced. Our second day here was Halloween and the parade was fantastic! The fireworks display was incredible too. Without kids I would def not visit Disney, however, our kids loved their two days here so it was worth it for us.
Yea!!!!  The best part of our first trip to Hong Kong!! Me, hubby n son (4 years old) went to Hong Kong on May 2012 and I must say the Hong Kong Disneyland was the most enjoyable part!! :)  Love it!!
Last October 30 was my first time to enter a Disneyland theme park, my friends and I went on a weekday to avoid the long lines. Although we tried to avoid the long lines, it was raining when we went there. But the rain didn't dampen our moods as my friend guided me through the different covered attractions. We went to watch the shows first, when the rain stopped a little bit, we went on to ride some of the roller coaster rides. We stayed until the fireworks show at Sleeping Beauty's castle which was splendid! I really enjoyed my stay at Disneyland, hopefully I will be able to come back again. I just hope that they'll put more covered areas in the park.
I was quite against going to Disneyland, but was dragged there by my gf, and Im glad she did!!! Spent about 4 hours there, walking through each of the 5  lands , and found it a good mix of scenery, rides, shopping, restaurants and snack bars, and great for photo taking. We ate in the restaurant in Main Street USA, enjoyed the food and the service and atmosphere there; took a few rides, spent time in the shops, but really just enjoyed the experience all around.Time well spent, could easily have stayed there longer, but it was our last day on the way to the airport.Recommended for anyone who may have their doubts!
Like most theme parks, the line up time was unbelievably long for all attractions, even to just get a photo with mickey. Hot day and very little shade. Hard to find vegetarian food and was relatively expensive. Lots of mid price souvenirs. Lots of children falling asleep on the park benches and being carried by parents. Its a big day for little ones. Go late and catch the fireworks. The Grand Parade was the best I've seen, but get in position early. First and last trip to a Disneyworld.
i can safely say that its good to be here during october where there is not much people waiting in line:P you have to be in shape for the ong walks though:P its a fun filled experience for kids and adults especially we say the Glow in the Park parade:P
Having holidayed in the US in September 2012, and having visited Disneyland in both California and Florida, my 2.9yr old daughter & I were looking forward to Hong Kong Disneyland, as HK has 2 parks that are not found in the US, being Grizzly Gulch and Toy Story Land. Of course I booked a transfer and ticket through Gray Line and it was the day that it rained all day. So we got very wet and cold quickly. I bought in baby food, no problem. My daughter is going through a Toy Story thing at the moment, so the goal was Toy Story Land to have photos with Woody & Jessie and head to Tomorrowland for a photo with Buzz. HK has a cheaper entrance fee than the US, and whilst the park is slightly smaller than the US, it is still a magic place for young and old. Looking forward to Paris and Shanghai when it opens.
winter season during my trip and school holiday i bet. long ques before you can get a ride, mind you ques or some kids will cut yours. Surely hard to get HALAL food for muslim in here. Theme park is superb clean but limited smoking area and just loves the car parade at noon and firework at night.. can't wait for Merlin's section opening. Hope it's opening now.. and don't wear heels!! :D
I have been to Florida many times as a kid and I'm a big fan of the Disney parks. We now live in Dubai and the trip to the USA is too far with two kids so we thought we would try Hong Kong. I must say it was a really pleasant surprise, in many ways it was better than Florida. I had read lots of comments that its not very big, but really the magic kingdom HK has all the same things you get in the US only this looks newer, we went in October, the weather was brilliant and they had a special Halloween theme which was a nice change. We also went to ocean park as well, terrible place for toddlers but it was good to see the pandas.
Its fun when you are in Disneyland anywhere in the world. But the queu on the weekend is madness, for rides, for food, for drinks, for the washroom...etc.Staff there is not as helpful probably cos the park is so pack.
Enjoyed my trip to disneyland hongkong , fun and exiting , well organized , has lots of shops and rides   ,
Visited during the Halloween season, so HK Disneyland had a Vampires vs Werewolves thing going on. Overall: Didn't meet my expectations, but I still had a good time because the place was still magical (not to mention spacious, clean, and well designed). If I ever have kids, I'll make sure that I'll bring them to HK Disneyland.Pros:  Plus points to HK Disneyland for the Halloween props d  cor   amazing and really spooky once night comes.  I loved Fantasyland. Growing up watching Disney princesses and Alice in Wonderland, this is my favorite section of the park. I just wish that their mascots were there at that time, though. Oh well   next time.  Enjoyed the River Cruise because our guide was so entertaining! We had no rude people on the boat, too.  Flights of Fantasy parade was cool. The dancers were doing bungee ballet, the floats were wonderfully and ingeniously made.  We ate at the restaurant    by Maxim   s    I forgot the name, but it   s the Chinese restaurant themed after Mulan. Expensive food, but delicious!  THE FIREWORK DISPLAY was the most magically romantic thing I have seen in a long time. Sat next to my boyfriend, it was like being in a magic carpet ride. Weee   .  Nothing    unsightly    here. Even the section under construction had very nice barriers that looked like ballroom walls.Cons:  The Graves Academy (this is their version of the haunted house walk through) monsters ghosts were scaring us   IN CHINESE. How in the world were we supposed to understand that?  The language barrier: I speak English. Aside from my native Tagalog, English is the only other language I can express myself in fluently. I expected to understand the    Cast Members    here, since this was of course a franchise from an American company. Alas, I had to resort to sign language again.  Balloons are too darn expensive. 100HKD for one balloon?!  Rides are too tame. If you have a kid, or if you are a kid   congratulations. But the rides here were either too tame for me, or I didn   t want to ride them alone. So I only enjoyed around 5 rides.  Didn   t get to meet Alice.
Had quite high expectations before I visited Disneyland Hong Kong (have never been to any of the others before). Was a little disappointed though with the overall experience after the visit. The train ride from the city took about almost an hour plus to get to Disneyland. From the city, you take the normal train lines till you get to the Disneyland Resort line. Dedicated Disney trains (which are fully decorated with Disney characters figurine) takes you into Disneyland. The train ride did do quite a bit to prep you for the experience, which was nice! You could feel the excitement growing while even during the Disney train ride. You may need about 1 2 days if you want to get to experience all the rides and shows (factoring in the time taken to have to queue as well).When we arrived, I noticed that the entire place was quite small. They did have some good rides but limited. The queue was very long just to get on one ride (I believe this is a norm with the other Disneylands in the other countries). Got to see some street parades but the parades were quite short in terms of lenght of the time of the parade itself. And what disappointed me was the feel of the entire place. I thought when I walked around the 'streets' in Disneyland, there would be a sense of festivity and energy and fun. But there was the lack of that feel. I think because, hardly any of the Disney characters were walking the 'streets' to meet and greet visitors! You only get to meet the main Disney character during dedicated photo taking sessions, which are located in a somewhat isolated place. Enjoyed some of the shows especially the 4D effect show.
It was a good place for a family who wants to have a vacation. It was really good to be there. There were a lot of games and some attractions we could see there. It was very crowded when i went there. I had to queue up for hours for a ride. One of the most attractive attraction was firework. It came from the castle. Although I was very tired on that day, but I felt happy because I could see the firework and it was worthy.. Yeah... Awesome
Yes, it is very small compared to Florida and most rides are geared towards younger kids . My 4 yo enjoyed the park thoroughly, but I doubt if it could have attracted them if they were say 8 or above. The park in general well kept and is a good for a 2 day visit if you want to do all rides and most character meets. We started each day around 11.30   12.00 till 8   9.
While in Hong Kong my wife and I decided to visit Disneyland. This was my wife   s first time into a Disneyland park, I have been to 2 others. In Hong Kong the Disneyland park was well laid out, and well maintained. They had many very fun rides, and the entire park was beautiful, like the others I have been to.My wife and I both loved the park and the rides, I think we rode everything at least 1 time, some we did 2 times, we also went into the movies and plays and were still able to leave before they closed. I wanted to stay a bit longer, but the wife wanted to leave. Guess who won ;) The day we went the lines were very short and we got on the rides quickly. One note: As with other Disneyland parks you can   t bring any food into this one, unlike many attractions in China.
its magical if you immerse yourself in it. arrive early, so as not to be rushed. We did not run into any great lines, max waiting was 20minutes for the parachute drop. The festival of the lion king is not to be missed. It was nice to have 2 day tickets as we could come back after the parade for the kids to rest and then com eback for the halloween parade. there seems to be some confusion about the parade by one of the reviewers as we too visited on 25th oct 2012, and saw the parade. its tiring for small kids to take in all therides and shows on the same day, so i would suggest to plan for 2 days if you have small kids. for adults 1 day would suffice as the park is quite compact. space mountain can be a bit scary for small kids if they are trying it for the first time. we did not try the rc racer after the runaway mine train ride which also can shake some of the smaller kids. the fireworks are, as said over and over again, spectacular
August 2011 is my first visit to Disneyland, very HOT!! First look , Big Mickey head plants, very nice. First ride is the train that brings us round the park. Its holiday season so very full, have long queue for one ride. Recomended is Space Mountain!! don't missed to try this. My fav is Winnie The Pooh shop, its looks amazing. Love the Tarzan house!! Staying until late don't missed the show in the Castle!!
Date of Visit: 25th October 2012Group: 3After reading a ton of reviews on Disney HK, I decided to reach at 9:00 AM sharp (considering that the park opening time is 9:30 AM)We did that...and alas ..on friday the gates open at 10:30 AMWe bid our time and did some shopping!. (Its pricey)Space mountain was so so, however the mine coaster was good.We didn't have to wait for more than 20 minutes for any ride.There were sudden heavy showers in between and the afternoon parade was cancelled.Come evening...and the entire halloween spirit came in full force. It was fun!The halloween specials were all in Cantonese though..which sucked! (the rides were good mind you)Overall an average experience
as someone who's been to california disneyland and disneyworld in florida, I must say this disneyland is very small and lacking scarier rides. it had  it's a small world  and the princess castle much like other disneylands   however the other rides specific to this disneyland is for the much younger crowd. I did love shopping there  but it's similar to california's disney
As someone who grew up watching different Disney movies, doing to Disneyland is always a delight for me. My entire family i.e. parents, siblings, their kids and my cousins, went to HK Disneyland one Saturday. I'm not quite sure of the price of the tickets but paying for it already includes all attractions and rides.The park is divided into different sections with different themes. The park is mainly designed for children so there are more kiddie rides than there are for adults. When we went there, the lines weren't long, as well. The longest wait we did was 10 minutes for one of their more popular new rides, The Grizzly Gulch. The lines to the shows can be longer, though, meaning waiting time of at least 30 minutes. Their shows are high class showcasing talents from all over the world, so the wait is definitely worth it. There were also parades scheduled during our trip and those are must sees, as well.Since we went there in October, the park is designed especially to follow the Halloween theme. So there were additional attractions, freebies, parades, etc. in the park. It's best to visit the park when there's a special occassion like Christmas or Halloween since there are more attractions designed for the visitors.The restrooms are kept clean and the facilities are well kept, as well. Most visitors just don't throw their trash properly after eating so the birds flock around the eating areas to spot scraps. So be wary of birds.All in all, it was a great experience. Can be pricey, especially for food and souvenirs, but given that it's Disney, it's all worth it.
we didnt expect a great deal as we were continually being told how small the aprk was. However, while it wa obviously much smaller than those in florida it is also a fraction of the price! its also packs in plenty of rides too its just that the park is less spaced out whioch is nt neccessarily a problem when youve been continually walking for 10 hours! It stood out from the others to as it had a toy story land with new rides rather than just being a carbon copy like so many other disneylands. The staff were very welcoming, the rides were equally as good as other parks and surprisingly there were NO ques. we didnt have to que form more than 3 minutes for anythign at all. whether that was because we visited on a weekday directly after the national holiday I am not sure. Overall it is well worth a visit as it defiantely still has plenty of that disney magic!
First of all NEVER EVER go on a chinese holiday.i will go through the negitives first. Long line to get in(buy your tickets first)Take your wallet for gifts(pricing is quite good compared to other theme parks)Take a hat or buy one there.If you must go, try to arrive there at 2.30 3.00 pm . the main parade starts at 3.30pm then alot of people leave.the park stays open until approx 8pm . plenty of time to see and do everything and without the crowds.First thing to do is the Buzz lightyear ride(fun for all ages) then do the teacups.Pricing for gifts and food are quite good(suprisingly)If you dont have children and or you have limited time in hongkong give it a miss and go to oceanpark, its 100 times better
It is over rated. There are limited rides and very few restaurants with wholesome meals. Prices at souvenir stores are expensive. Be careful of having your pictures taken for it will cost you from HK$100 HK$150 per photo. Better bring your own camera for your souvenir pictures. On the good side, the amusement park is safe and clean even at night time. They have friendly staff and the fireworks are spectacular.
I have been very lucky to go to Disneyland florida many times but on our holiday to Hong Kong we made sure to visit Disneyland. What a lovely time we had. The train to the park was in the shape of mickey mouse with his ears has windows which really put you in the mood. Once we got to the park we queued for 15 minutes (very busy chinese holiday) which in my eyes was very quick. We then entered the park and we wasnt diserpointed. We got there at 10am and stayed till 8pm when the park shut after a fantastic fire work display. Its no where near the scale of other disneylands but its friendly fun and mickey and minnie walk around all the time so you can get photos with them. There are lots of rides for younger children but need to upgrade the rides towards adults and older children. In main street there is a resturant called the Cafe this is the best place to eat, the food was fantastic and staff so friendly and helpful. You got too much food on your plate and it was a shame to leave it. We loved this park and would go again if we go back to Hong Kong. Visted October 5 2012
Last time i looked Japan was in Asia so lets look at Hong Kong Disney(the other Disney in Asia). First and most important don't try and compare with Florida (ITs a lot smaller yeah we know that already). Having said that Parents wake up!!!!!!!!!!!.... Disney (if you are a parent) is not a day out... its a military operation. How to make sure your kid doesn't wait in a queue for longer than 20 minutes? First arrive before anybody else (my wife and child were ripped from their beds as they are disney virgins..the early bird really does catch the mouse,duck, goofy). So you get in... go straight for its a small world... dumbo... pooh. ok so thats the first 30 minutes and fantasy is almost all over. next its toy story it will take 1.5 hours at worst. Oh no i haven't seen any photos yet you might say..... get real the photos will be there all day. The parades are only 2 deep so kids on shoulders can easily see the parade ( I had a mixed view of a nike t shirt and Disney characters       my daughter got to see the parade and I got to see the smiles and hear the laughter (enough for me)) At 7:30pm went on astro blazers (shooting toy story game) 10 times yes ten times no waiting in line just getting on.... and going on and on and on. Lunch at 2pm no waiting in line. I think i've shared enough secrets but the last thing is be careful .. don't wait till the fireworks if you need to take the MRT its a crush. The early start will finish of the little ones. Good luck mums and dads. Remember it's a war out there
I decided to take a shot trip to hong kong, for only one reason  Disneyland.Paris n USA wud to be too expensive, so i thought y not hong kong. N I m glad my decision paid off well.Hong Kong Disneyland is soooo good..! first things first, the hygiene factor was of top order, of course it is the same everywhere in hong kong. u almost become a kid the moment u enter the gate. What i wud recommend is to get to the help desk tour guide and first find out the show timings of sum of the must see shows, as they r limited shows in a day, n the place is so huge that u may fail to keep a track of the timing, n the location of the shows. especially if u r on a 1 day ticket to disneyland. The lion king show shud not missed. each n evry thing is soo much fun. But it does not have any dare devil rides...i was glad abt that..but m sure not all. There is a space ride, which is a roller coaster ride in the space...which is the only adventurous ride and it is not recommended to ppl who hate roller coasters. but if u r young, physically fit(read no spondylosis) n can gather sum courage, i recommend that u dont miss it. i did it twice. also, avoid going there during the june  august period, for obvious reasons, rain, n hot weather both at the same time. n u wont be able to enjoy the rides much. the place is so clean that u can even sit on the roads while watching the disney parade. n yes the firework show at he end of the day, is so magical dreamy n beautiful. dont miss it for anything in this world.n ya ..the food...i did not like anything there..veg n non veg both suck, so plz carry sumthing wid u..not sure if they allow it or not. yes..but the ice creams there r good.
Spent two days enjoying HK Disneyland, went on Monday and Wednesday to avoid busy times, but it was still very busy, 30   minutes waiting time for any major rides, fast forward was very handy, which is available on some rides. There is MTR line...More
We spent a wonderful time with my 4 and 1.5 year old at the park on 17   19 Oct, celebrating our 4 year old daughter's birthday. We had visited Tokyo and Anaheim Disney and were equally impressed that HK Disney has her charm, characteristic...More
My wife and I went to Disneyland on a tour from Gray line tours. The tour cost $580 HKD and included return transfer from your hotel as well as park fees.  We went mid week (Wednesday)  The tour pick up was at 9:45 am and...More
The Disneyland world is so magical... so funny! It is a good place for both children and adult, especially for the families with kids.
Lets face it, it is tiny, but i think it more than makes up that in charm. It was infnitely better than EuroDisney which i hated (dated, decor, rude staff TERRIBLE food)   We ate well, lots of lovely fresh water melon juice, not just sodas,...More
But Orlando Disneyworld this is NOT.  A great place for young kids to get some open space to run in HK, but the rides and park are all very small.  A perfect place for the you ones. And don't miss the character breakfast each morning,...More
Visiting to Universal Studio Gold Coast and few others theme park in Australia made me think twice to re visited Hong Kong Disneyland.      the attitude of the visitors that come to the theme park are really made me uncomfortable, especially for family with baby. They...More
As previous reviwers have said it is smaller than USA etc but still as good.  My son (36) his wife (43) his sons (7 & 10), my daugher (40) and my wife and I visited for one day in the middle of the Chinese Golden...More
I dare to say the ~HKD400 for the ticket is well worth off. You can spend your whole day here. Too much games for you to try out and it's a heaven for the kids. One thing to note is do not go during China holidays. I had experience with this and I can assured you they will spoilt your party. The visitors from mainland China are just too annoying. They can cut the queue whenever they find some place to squeeze in and they acted like that is the correct way to do so. Talk loudly, not willing to share the benches, simply dispose their rubbish along the streets. Hopefully there will be some character improvements from them during my next visit.
I had heard it wasn't as good as the US, but don't let it put you off. There is only one or two scary rides but the rest is special as Disney should be. We spent two days once on a Saturday, the queues weren't too bad. My 10 yr old daughter loved it & so did I.
From the time we hop on the Disney train, i was feeling like i am traveling in my magical world, the train has the windows shaped like the face of Mickey mouse, sculpture of different Disney characters at every corner, we reached the Disneyland and walah! i has already really in the world of Fantasy! as we walked towards the entrance of the park the music fills up your senses, i became a child again, the fountain with Mickey mouse on a water ski, the palaces and the colorful flowers and Disney characters you will meet on the street, the entertaining live parade, the theater show. I was crying inside the theater, singing along with the music i always sing when i was a child, i practically know the lyrics of almost all the songs played, it was really fantastic!I just have a suggestion, why don't they learn good English, the guides from the river boat i think it was a jungle trip with fire bursting from the side of the river, the tourguides English is so bad! I cannot understand what she was saying, she was pointing at me and saying something like, taking care of my hands or elbows and she was explaining about the hippo and elephants, wow! can't understand a thing! Overall rating it was good, it was fun, you just have to spend really for your meals, and the prices are quite expensive. The fireworks at night where super, super beautiful! wonderful! awesome! more superlatives! Ha ha ha! I will go back again!To bring my children!
Brilliant is the only word i can use to describe this place and you would probably need to create a new word to describe my kids feelings. We went first thing on a thursday and caught the shuttle bus over from the Hollywood Hotel which takes approx 5 mins. We walked straight in as there was hardly a que and stayed until the fireworks at 7.30. Being a thursday we hardly had to wait for any rides, got front row for the parade, were able to get into the shows easily and got a seat when we ate. We got through about 70% of the park on the first day with a 5 and 10 year old. We returned on friday and checked out what we hadn't seen the previous day and returned to the kids favourite rides. It was busier but still comfortable enough that we stayed until about 5. We were totally amazed by the value (of admission,food and merchandise), the quality, atmosphere and practically everything. Highly recommended
It is a good place for kiddos under 12, and only big enough for one day trip.    It is a small world  in Fantasyland is a must see! Also the adventure boat trip.   Fireworks show at night was average and poor food options.
An excellent experience for the kids, and one they wont forget, but this Disneyland probably needs a few more rides. The queues were too long and numbers of rides fairly limited.   Having said that it was still good value and worth a visit.
Small in comparison to California. The variety of items however dont compare. They do not have all your favourite disney characters. It would only take one day to see the entire park quite easily. Plenty of variety food wise & not expensive either. If you get a voucher from your travel agent make sure the date on it is for the first day you want to go not the day you get there as it can cause a bit of a problem that can be easily fixed.
We had the best Disney experience here.. perhaps we had too limited time when we visited Disneyland in Paris and we did not know what to see (we did not prioritize) when we visited Disneyland in California. We had a great tips from dear friends before visiting the place and we made sure we checked the timetable to ensure we could enjoy shows performance while taking the rides in between those. Make sure you do the same so we'll leave the park packed with great memories and unforgettable experience! when traveling with young children, make sure you check the rides restrictions beforehand so you won't waste time walking to one only to find your children won't be allow to enjoy it. Also arrange with your spouse partner on who would stay with the kids or how you'd take turn enjoying the must try ride with height restriction. You can do this when the kids are taking their rest :)
Went there with my best friends last year. It was definitely the highlight of our trip! Being Disney babies, it was a dream come true to finally set foot on Disneyland. Admittedly, it was designed to cater to the younger generation, but that didn't stop us from thoroughly enjoying the experience. The Lion King show was EXCELLENT! (Or maybe I'm just really biased, since the Lion King is my favorite :D). Also the Lilo and Stitch encounter   must not be missed!And stay for the fireworks   it's amazing!
Big diverence between Disneland Paris or even Orlando... very small and many attraction are not there.
Third time here with our two kids and they still love it. New Toy Story section this time so new rides for them but the old ones were just as popular. The Water Parade got us all soaked and we couldn't stop laughing. We got there for opening and stayed until the last firework and then made our way to the shops to avoid the queues at the MTR   good tip save the shopping to the end so you don't have to carry them around with you all day. The shops stay open for another hour after the fire works display. Fab day!
What else can we say except for  Magical . Fortunately we were there on a week day during a non peak time and were able to enjoy the Park with little crowds and no waiting for attractions. We have three children aged 3, 10 and 14, and we couldn't tell you who enjoyed it the most. There are drink stations, food stations, water play areas and plenty of shade should you be there during summer. The day we were there was hot and this didn't hinder our day at all. All the shops and restaurants are fully airconditioned along with many of the rides having their lines in airconditioning also. The ride attendants had the line ups moving continuously and running smoothly. The park attendants were everywhere and were all very friendly and helpful, making the kids day the happiest day of our holiday. The food and drinks were very affordable and the shops were not too overpriced. It is a smaller park than other Disneylands, and we did see it in one day, however, we wished that we had made the effort to spend a second day there. Oh well, just an excuse to take the kids back to Hong Kong. We hope that you enjoy it as much as we all did.
the theme was known to be the smallest than any other Disneyland them parks around the globe, but for me, surely worth the visit. A one day visit was not enough for me, I was not able to try all of the rides, the food prices are not that expensive, and the theme park is clean and well maintained. It makes me feels like I am young again!
We spent 6 hours there and could have had longer. The rides are really good. i took about 200 photoes. We enjoyed the rides that we went on. The shops cater well for all people. We would recomend anyone to get the extra days ticket.
Quite a small park to get around. Nowhere like Disney Anaheim. Not many grown up rides, but great for the younger kids. Staff all very friendly and helpful   all English speaking. Food options are a bit limited. No mater what 'land' you're in they still serve predominantly chinese food. (I was seeking a taco ) We caught a taxi from wan Chai for around AU$45 and well worth it considering how foot sore you become. Easy to get to by train, but if your budget can stretch
Yes, the park is smaller than Disneyland CA, but definitely worth the visit. It is the perfect size for a 1 day maybe 2 day visit. There are enough rides to keep the kids busy (6, 8 and 10 yo.) as well as plenty of excellent shows, including the Lion King story. Food prices were a little high, but not has bad as ocean park. There was plenty of tree cover to get away from the sun. Fast passes are available on a couple of rides, but we went during the week and there were no lines. Would definitely recommend for families with young kids wanting to see a little bit of  home.
Unfortunately very small and the seeming lack of rides means children might find themselves getting rather bored very quickly. Still there is enough here to keep kids entertained for sometime, but this is not a place to come expecting a multitude of rides and more. Would highly recommend pre booking a ticket, through a travel agent or direct to avoid the lines as well.
I like almost all of it's games, most games can be enjoyed by all age (I was there with my mum which is a senior citizen).   Foods are pricey but having below average taste.
Disneyland in HKK is rather small compared to others parks but it feels cleaner. It has some good rides which our 5yr and 2yr olds loved especially with the addition of Toy Story Land.   There is enough to keep our family entertained. We brought a...More
After spending the morning at the great Buddha, Disney was the perfect way to end the day. It is a lot smaller than the one in Orlando, Fl. but it still has the same magical feel. The prices were fair(gift shop cheaper than in the US) and they had all different types of food. Space mountain was actually more fun here as was It's a Small World. The Toy Story area was a blast with a very scary rollercoaster and Grizzly Gulch had one of the best coasters I've been on. Nothing beats Disney, anywhere in the world. You really only need a half a day for this park and the train to get there from the main line is adorable and decorated in full Disney style.
Located on Lantau Island close to the Giant Buddha this Disney is almost the same as other Disney parks elsewhere. Kids enjoy it ofcourse with lots to do and lots to see. The Parade starts off the day in the morning.
We arrived on a Wednesday afternoon did 2 full days at Disneyland and left on Saturday morning. Read reviews about crowds and long waits. I'm sure they happen   just not when we were there. In fact, we waited no more than 15 minutes for any ride and did Grizzly Gulch (probably the best ride), 3 times in half an hour with absolutely no waiting on the last 2 rides. Stayed at Disneyland Resort Hotel. Glad we did   it seemed deserted too. At least half the rooms seemed to have a balcony. (There's also a Disneyland 'Hollywood' Hotel where no rooms seem to have a balcony).Walked to and from the park in just 10 minutes down a magnificent, deserted, boulevarde. Those people who take the shuttle bus miss out on this and just get taken to the other side of the entrance which is also about 10 minutes walk from where they get dropped off.Back to Disneyland.Didn't arrive much before midday so there was no waiting to get in.It's a lot smaller than other Disneys   but still a lot of fun.Read reports of queue jumpers. We did experience this a bit, but given the short waits it wasn't a real issue. (The M.O. seems to send the little kids in to make their way to the front of the queue. No one stops them as they're little kids. Then   pushing through in hot pursuit about 15 seconds later is mum and dad with the rest of the family frantically 'looking' for them. By the time you realise what's happened, they're gone).I reckon available food was reasonably priced and reasonable quality given they've got a captive market and could charge a lot more or serve crap if they want.Read reports comparing Ocean Park with Disney. We did both and, in our opinion, there's no real comparison. Both parks have a different theme, style and synergy. There's nothing 'better' about either.TIPS:  I'd give the train ride a miss   it runs mostly around the perimeter of the park but you can't see anything because of the 'trees' other than when you cross over a bridge or something.If you go, make sure you pack umbrellas. We bought 2 collapsibles in a HK market for $HK35 each and they were one of our best investments in Hong Kong.If you go by yourself, or don't mind riding by yourself, you can avoid the queues by going to the ride's 'Single Rider' entrance. We noticed people getting almost instant rides by doing this.Make sure you don't miss the 'Flights of Fantasy' parade at 3:30 p.m. It only happens once a day.Make sure you don't miss the fireworks every night at 7:30 p.mHave fun   it's what Disney's all about.
Winderfull place for adults and kids... We had to wait a lot of long lines, but still great! The night show (fire work) was perfect!
We have been to Disneyland in Florida so we were eager to find out how Hong Kong Disney compared.We paid 399.00 Hong Kong dollars entrance fee which is about   33.00 English pounds It was very clean, well organised and well sign posted to all the attractions. To eat within the park was expensive but this is the case in al;l therme parks. The parade was excellent and I really liked the way the cast interacted with the children encouraging them to dance with Mickey and Minnie. I especially enjoyed  It's a Small Small World  this alone was well worth the entrance fee. There were lots of rides to cater for all ages plus a star studed musical. Excellent day out and so easy to get to.
Lets be honest: Yes. This is a small Disneyland. Yes. There aren't as many rides as in Paris or the USA. But this is a wonderful Disneyland. It's bright and cheerful as you'd expect, it's clean, well maintained, cheap to get in, the staff are friendly and queueing times are short (no more than 10   15 minutes when we were there). The food in Disneyland was the same price as the food outside Disneyland (those who've been to Disneyland Paris will be aware of how shocking this is) and very good quality. There are also lots of opportunities to meet the characters and have your photo taken with them, the staff will also use your own camera so you don't have to pay for souvenir photos in the park taken by their own photographers!All in all, a wonderful, inexpensive experience!!
Even if you are an adult, but still young in your heart, this is a place to visit during your stay in Hong Kong.I already visited Disneyland(s) in Orlando and Paris and I can say that they look pretty much the same. Only Disneyland in Orlando is a REAL land with a lot of attractions, all the others are Magic Kingdoms (part of Disneyland in Orlando). The most impressive part of this Disneyland in Hong Kong is the closing ceremony and its fireworks, which I think is the most spectacular of all others...I will not spend more words on this, since I will post a lot of pictures and each one of them worth a thousand words : )
We went to Disneyland HK the first Monday and Tuesday after school went back...so there werent many people which was very good. We could go on rides over and over again and the longest we stood in line was 20 minutes. We had been given a fastpass ticket from the disneyland resort hotel but never used it.The biggest problem we had was the amount of walking. This could have been contributed to by the stifling heat humidity in early septemeber as we are not unfit people but i think even the inital length of entry put us on the wrong foot to begin with. As in it is about a 15 to 20 minute walk from where the shuttle bus drops you off to Main Street Disneyland. And with 2 little kids this is a long and slow walk...and there was NO shade. None at all. People were hugging the hedges trying to get in any shade they might give. Toy Story land was supposed to be the main reason we went to Disneyland but again with ZERO shade it was just too hot to have my 18 month old out in the sun for any longer then 1 2 hr to an hour. We also hired a second pram on day 2 for our 4.5yo as that countered the whinging of having to walk soo much :)So Day 1 we arrived and headed left West and this is probably the most boring side of the park. Even if you look at a map you'll see there isnt much along this route and we went on the Jungle area then up to Toy Story world but after a few hours decided we needed food. Toy Story world didnt have much so we headed back and found an outside chinese restaraunt so ate there. Day 2 was a lot better and we headed staright through Snow Whites castle into Fantasty land where we went on all the rides, then we went right east towards Future world (cant remember name sorry) and went on all the rides again. A good place we found was a little park in the middle that had all the characters there and you could stand in line and get photographs with them   the kids loved this. On the north and east side there are heaps of food halls, stalls and rides so plenty to do. I think they just need to add all of that over between the lands on the west!?!If we go back to HK i might take the kids to disneyland again but am unsure. I have been to California and Florida and just didnt get the flutters and exictement at this location that i did at those. On the other hand, my 4 year old thought it was the best thing he has ever been too and that is what it is all about after all   so definitly catered to the right person :)
if you are a disneyland veteran you might find it a bit small with some of the traditional rides simply not there. upside is that the lines are manageable alrhough that might not be the case during chinese holidays. not great value for money therefore. ive heard that it has been improved recently so will check it out and comment further
A very nice park. This is one of the smaller parks in the Disney group. It can be finished in one day if you rush it but we took out a two day pass and took our time. Staying at the Disney hotel helped.The kids absolutely loved this place. The food is very pricey but what to do?!! The waiting times were not too long. I think the longest we waited was about twenty mins.Grizzle Gulch the newest area of the park and boy what a fun roller coaster.They are adding another area to the park due to open next year I think. Its good that they are expanding.Will definitely come here again as its a good size and not too big so the kids won't get tired walking so much.
The park is very small and can be done in a half a day. It's not like the giant Orlando and California sister parks. However it was so easy to get to and was worth the experience of being able to say I've been to Disneyland in HK! The Disney line of the mrt is decorated in all Disney items and made getting to the park so easy. The park is very clean and new. It really is beautiful!
Although Disneyland hong kong is not aS lavish as the original one in LA and Orlando, it does gives a nice pleasant feeling for first time visitors. There is enough to do to keep everyone occupied. Of course planning is rather important. We bought our tickets through a travel agent outside for a lower cost.We took the MTR and the connection was easy and convenieant. There is a need to change from Lai king station on the red line to the orange Tung Chung line. Change again on Sumay station to Disney resort. Even the train is unique with Disney characters. There are plenty if rides suitable for your little ones. We brought our toddler and were able to ride as a family. We choose to visit the park on a weekday to avoid the massive crowd. It was still crowded but not as bad. The visitors started coming in the afternoons. Plan to spend the whole day there. The park opens at 10am till 7.30pm. Lots of walking. Bring a stroller or rent one if you have a toddler with you. Comes in handy. Each parks have a different theme which makes it attractive. Food   plenty of outlets and many Asian choices to choose from. The price is more pricey than the normal rates outside but reasonable. Disney parks have fountain water everywhere. You may even fill up the water bottle to avoid dehydration. Very considerable to the public,Shows   not to miss the Mickey golden awards, lion king encounter, parade and of course the fireworks to end the day. Every show is well planned and entertaining. Memorable and Worth waiting for. Make sure you try the 3D show. It was fun with all the effects. The stitch encounter was unique but it was only available in mandarin which makes it hard if you understand only English,The park generally caters for the chinese market. Multi language used   mandarin, cantonese and english. Looking forward to the next Disney parks adventure.
This is a place where you could spend a few hours quite easily. There is so much going on, all the time and the 3D movie was a lot of fun. You get to have your photo taken with disney characters and they were always walking around handing out stickers to the kids. My daughter had a bag full by the time we left. Lots of different rides to go on and there were good live shows to see. Happily visit here again
Make sure you plan your trip perfectly otherwise you can't finish everything in one day. The themepark is not too big, can be easily finished in one day. I'm going there with family and this is my first Disneyland. We ate breakfast before going into the park, as the food cost around 60~80HKD. A lot awesome rides you must not missed. A lot stuff is written and spoke in Cantonese. It's just unforgettable as a first timer.
it was a good disney theme park  remember to buy the mickey headgear  the food was awful and overprice  7.30 fireworks
Disneyland Hong Kong.My husband and I visited Disney on a Sunday; the whole of Hong Kong must have been there. Starting with the Disney Mtr, there where queues.The Disney touch started on the MTR with Mickey shaped windows and brass effect Disney characters in glass domes. You need to get there early to avoid the queues. You get your bags searched on your way in, though you can bring a bottle of water in with you, and there are water fountains to refill your bottle. You can pick up park maps upon entrance in Main Street. Upon entrance to the Park it is set out just like the one in Florida, Main Street USA which has the street of old fashioned looking shop fronts, selling Disney goods. A short walk along the street and you see the Sleeping Beauty Castle and the road leading to the different lands. The park has all the old favourites, Small World, Space Mountain, Mad Hatters Teapots etc.The new land Grizzly Gulch has just opened, its very small but has a good ride called Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars, which when we got there didn   t have a queue and we got on straight away, and we enjoyed the ride. We also enjoyed the jungle river cruise in Adventureland, and make sure you don   t miss Mickey   s Phihamagic the 3d adventure.Check the guide to find out the time of the parades and if you are not planning on watching all of it, make sure you are not around the route of the parade because you cannot get through the path way until it has passed. Don   t forget to use the fast track feature of your tickets; this will enable you to enjoy some of the rides without having to spend all of your time in a queue. There are quite a few places to eat at the park and we found the prices ok. I have read many review of the Park before we came saying about people pushing in front in the queues, but we didn   t find it a problem in Disney. You can get around this park in a day, but probably best not to go at the weekend. We found that the park was very busy with families and couples of many ages.Did I enjoy the park, yes, am I a Disney fan yes.
I saw the review about being disappointed with here, but I dont agree.I am from Australia and haven't been to the LA one, but with friends who have   I wont be going there. I must admit the disney characters were hard to get photos with. But in saying that   IT IS VERY HOT and with the costumes, the characters may be seriously hurt in the heat.The HK disneyland was very well themed and we stayed for around 8 hrs. We did the free animation learning to draw show even though it wasnt in cantonese they had instructions up on the board up front.It was cheap to get to, cheap entry, and ok priced gifts at the gift shops. VERY clean bathrooms and areas where you can wash your hands, but there needs to be more shade as it gets VERY hot.I would recommend.
 I must say that my wife and I had the most miserable experience in the HK Disneyland last Sunday, September 16th, 2012.  I am not trying to compare, though I have gone to the LA Disneyland 7 times.  I fully understand that the land allocation...More
Me n my bro went there at 2 pm and were there till 8pm.We enjoyed every bit of moment there.Although its primerily meant for kids n young age groups,but in my opinion any1,from any age group wil enjoy there.We specially liked the rides n the...More
After moving to Hong Kong, we had a little New Orleans style celebration and invited some of my husband's work mates for some red beans and rice.   Quite of few of these were families with kids.   At some point during the festivities, I was talking...More
We were driven from our hotel 'Honk Kong Disneyland Hotel' by bus almost to the front door.  From the moment we arrived all the children (aged 4, 6, 10, 12 & 14) were in awe.  The walk to the front gates is scenic and well...More
Kids enjoy it, but disappointed as they didn't see the Disney characters walking around the park as advitised; the mini mouse and princes are staying in assigned photo spots only, they don't actually walk around the park to greet people. The rides in the park is really short, maybe 3 5 min., luckily we didn't line up for a long time.Performances in the parks are our highlights, kids like the small world and golden mikey.Food are expensive as expected, some drinking water fountains can be found in the park to refill our bottles. The whole park is not as big as I thought, easy to walk through the whole park.They check your bag in the entrance, no food from outside can be brought in....except simple snack or water. We brought sandwich for kids, but the man told us that Wasn't allowed, don't remember if I saw the rule before.We are happy to make a transit stop here, and happy to take our kids there.
I visited this world smallest Disneyland with my family in the middle of May. It was Monday. We expected less crowdy, but we were wrong. The long queue awaited. The average waiting time is around 20 40 minutes per ride. However, some of the ride were quite empty. From other reviewers, I learnt that some of them had queued for 70 minutes. So, I consider myself quite lucky. The Disneyland is quite easy to access with Hong Kong MTR. The train brought us right to the front door of the Disneyland (pls. refer to the Disneyland station on the MTR map). I share more about my experience at HK Disneyland in my blog: bettyandlingshing.blogspot.com 2012 06 hong kong disneyland.html. The overall experience was not too bad for me, as that was the first Disneyland that I had visited. Surrounded by many of the cartoon characters that I grown up with just made me feel good. Another thumb up for the park  drink fountains were available for quench our thirst. I would advice, be early to avoid long queue, at least for the first few rides. Do some homework and make plans before going into the park, and start with your favourite rides. Btw, my personal opinion, the price of the food is a bit too high.
way too much tourists from mainland china. cannot stand some of the in cilvilised and inconsiderate behaviours by some of them. coughing, spitting, shouting, children pee just on the street.... but i think this happen every where they go. not just only disney land, it is just the fact that disney land is a hot tourist place for mainland tourists....
Like all the other Disneylands it can't help but make you feel good. However, the crowds were horrendous with waits of 60 to 75 mins for the better rides. Great if you have kids but not many thrill rides...
If you have been to any other Disney Park, you will be disappointed with this one. The admission ticket is very expensive for the attractions they offered. Furthermore, some of the rides were closed for renovation when we were there.
Disneyland pales in comparison to ocean park. Other than the fact that it has Disney characters, the rides and things to do are limited. It's just another theme park with expensive food and long queues for rides.
Went there on the 30 8 12, quite packed in the morning. In the late afternoon, the crowd went down. There new attractions zone grizzly gulch and toy story land was best visited at that time. RC racer was good. The coaster, Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars was the best attraction so far. And an new attraction point is coming up, mythic point. Wait for more action.
We (three adults) went on a Saturday. We reached early around 9.30am, crowd was thin. We headed for ticket booth, bought our tickets and took some pics and went in to the park. We headed straight to Fantasy park, managed to get a pic with a princess who was totally not friendly to adult and spent some time at Pooh Corner (shop) as it was pouring outside. After the rain stopped, went for Many adventures of Winnie ride, no queue, take it only if you like Winnie. Continued with a ride on Cinderella's Carousel, no queue. I know kiddie ride but I love it. It was drizzling again. We went to Philanteric Magic (4D show). An entertaining show in 4D, with Donald Duck as lead. Worth it. When we came out, it was sunny. Happy that we escaped the rain, we went to watch Golden Mickey. Good show too. As small small world is next door, we went for ride next. It was okay, nothing much. Spent 10mins queueing for this ride. Then we headed to Fantasy Garden to queue for photo. There were few  houses  where the characters will be. Depends on who you like, queue on the designated house. You will know which house is for which character by looking at the sign. Like a pink one is for Minnie, one with honey pots is for Winnie, blue and white is for Donald, etc. queue for 15 20mins, managed a pic with Winnie, again not friendly. We then moved to Fantasy train. Took the train, enjoyed the ride and went off to get fast pass for Buzz Light Year. In between waiting we went for lunch at Starlight diner. Food was pretty gross and pricey but hey it is a theme park so dont expect it to be cheap.Went back to Buzz light year, my fave ride so far! Enjoyed it soo much. It was almost 3.30 so we went to queue at Main St by the roundabout for Parade. Unluckily due to on and off rain, Parade was replaced with Rain Express Train which was over in 5mins.We then proceeded to Jungle cruise, queue according to language. This is where I experienced queue cutter twice. Quite annoying but well never mind, I wasnt in a hurry anyway. The English guide was Elvis and he was a funny man. The ride was pretty boring but he was so funny that i dont really mind to ride it again. We walked to Toy story land but the queue for all rides were too long so we headed to Grizzly Gluch, unfortunately again, mine train was having some problem so no ride for us. Took some pictures, beautiful place. Rest for awhile then headed back to adventureland, made some Disney coins by the shop. Went to queue for 6pm Lion King show by 5.30 and queue was long.This show was really good! Love it. It was getting dark, right outside exit of lion king theatre, was the raft to tarzan house so we took it and walked up to tarzan house. Nothing special. Headed back to main st for shopping spree and had some dinner. At 9pm, firework display, it was amazing. There is no need to stand very near to the castle. After that we rushed back to MTR to beat the crowd. Overall I enjoyed Disneyland and i missed so many rides (maybe im not time efficient : ) ) the crowd was quite okay that day we went. We didnt really queue much. I think if u really like disney, and never been to any other disney, two days pass plus a night stay in disney hotel is great way to enjoy Disneyland.
We went there during rainy season so we expect lots of rain.Everytime we will go out,we've made sure that we brought umbrella which was provided by the hotel we checked in.By the way,we booked at Hollywood hotel which in itself is a resort already.So we did enjoyed our stay there.Took hundreds of photos around it..my kids love the swimming pool.Go back to Disneyland,though it was raining ang humid,somehow we made the most of it.We dont mind the mainlanders,huge line for the rides,loud talking chinese and noisy Indians.What the heck,its a once in a lifetime experience why not enjoy every minute of it.We are used to this kind of crowds,they're everywhere here in UAE.We do some shopping in The gateway,walked to the famous harbour took pictures.We just hate the other hotel that we stayed on our second night.I cant call it hotel,not even worth calling 1 star hotel,it really sucks!Added to my frustration are those noisy creatures from other countries.I guess you know who are they.To sum it all,its fun for the family.
My 15 year old son and I visited Disneyland Hong Kong while on a holiday, and found it to be just so so. The upside is, it is easy to get to by mtr, and it is cheap to get in. The downside is that there are very few rides that are suitable for teenagers. The whole park is very small compared to other Disneyland parks, and it all seems to be aimed at 5 10 year olds. We were done with it in about five hours, and wished we had done Ocean Park instead.
It is Disneyland, so it suppose to welcome guests with fun environment. But upon arriving via disney train, I barely can hear the music or feel the disney ish, compared to other disney park. It's quite hot and uncomfortable (July), and lots of people (not sure mainlanders or what) who tend to skip queue, pushing and squeezing themselves around other people. Not comfortable at all. The Disney figure are available at dedicated hotspot for photo taking, unlike other disney park, they are running everywhere and you can easily catch them without the need to queue for almost 1 hour. The parade is fun, and they interact with the audience very well. Food stall are all sufficient enough. There are also halal muslim food at Adventureland which is quite a relieve. But they dont have plenty choices of popcorn bucket as souvenirs, or even slushies cup. Everything seems so expensive here, I wonder why.
We were here for 2 days with our son (almost 2 years old) at the very beginning of September. if possible try to avoid the weekends as they are very crowded. We were there for a Sunday and a Monday, Monday was definitely a bit quieter. The shows were great and you should make time to see them   our son adored the Lion King show and the Golden Mickeys. The staff were very good at all attractions and we never ad queue jumpers at all during our 2 days. The food was alright and consistent with what we expected, you aren't going there for fine dining! overall a great trip and I'd highly recommend for people with smaller children as there probably isn' too much for older kids or adults.
Hongkong disney land is a theme park located at the Hongkong Disney resort on reclaimed land in Penny's bay Lantau Island. Its as park with lots of variety for entertainment. The park opens at 10:00 AM in the morning till 8:30 PM. The disney main attractions are Hong Kong Disneyland Band, Festival of lion king, Jungle river cruise,small wonder, mickey mouse 3D show, Disney on parade & much more. There is as lazer show every evening which starts at 8:00 PM which is every exiciting.
well i cant help but get my disney on at these places but i really enojyed this disneyland. appranely it doesnt get rave review due to its siz but ithought that was the best thing about it!!! its small enough that you can see everything in a day. the lines were not long and it hand everything every other regualr sized disneyland has but just on a smaller scale. admission and souvineers were reasonably priced so were foods and bevs. its easilly acessible by the train and its open late. recommended to all :)
Hongkong Disneyland, is really a place for kids... it's so bad, I was not with my two kids when I got there. Surely, I missed the chance to enjoy the place with them.I loved the beauiful fireworks display. It looks like I was watching a true disney movie. Wonderful place to visit Hongkong although food inside the park is a little bit expensive which cost us HK$20 for a bottle of water.
The park has recently been expanding, now including Grizzly Gulch, with it   s excellent roller coaster, and Toy story land, with several really good rides, including RC Racer and the parachute drop.With the 2 day special price, it cost us   140 for four of us for two days, which is really good value, especially against the comparative rubbish theme parks here in the UK.The meals work out at   6 per meal, which again is not bad for Disney.The parades were very good, the fireworks spectacular, and the Disney feel was certainly present, and I still can   t get the songs out of my head.The other worlds are all still very good, including the Small World, Tomorrowland with Buzz and Space Mountain; Winnie the Pooh, the Carousel, teacups in Fantasyland; the excellent river boat cruise and tarzan, and the lion king show; the golden mickeys; the unbelievable Mickey   s Philarmagic.The best way to see Disney (and the amazing Hong Kong).
This should be the smallest Disneyland around the world but it does have most of the major attractions and sites that is worth your visit. It is well connected with the Hong Kong MTR line with Disney station. However do take note that there is a crowd whenever the fireworks show end around 8pm. Don't go there during the October break as it will be rather crowded. Finally you get the admission tickets from K Mart convenience stalls all over Hong Kong Island.
We are themed park lovers and HK Disneyland didn't disappoint us. Although it was a bit raining during our visit because of the typhoon, at least Disneyland offers indoor attractions that were really fascinating. The food is also good but a bit expensive and souvenir shirts are also great.
Such a bad experience. 90% were mainland china tourist, lots a pushing a shoving, queue jumping in shop, stall, rides and even toilets. The mainland folks have no concept of queuing. Place was dirty, chicken bone everywhere. Staff unhelpfull, no corwd control, no visible security.They should have build this up in China.I recommend you skip HK and go to Japans Tokyo Dinsey Resort.
Must say, superb place to be with kids &family.Bought many soverniers and photos .Great memories you can carry back with you. Ambience is great, food is nice in someplaces and rides likes space orbit and transformer rides.TOO GOOD !I agree, tourist coming from Mainland china will be more than any other place or region.Be yourself enjoy yr day and time .
My husband and I have been to various other Disney parks, but this was our 4 year old son's first time in Disneyland. It's still magical. Hong Kong Disneyland has a unique character of its own, so here are some tips to enjoy the park more:1. Avoid weekends, or local (Chinese) school holidays   we were there on a Saturday, and it was tremendously crowded. I reckon it's summer holidays in Hong Kong, and also China? As in any country, it just makes sense to avoid local holidays if you can plan the trip that way.2. How to cool off   Bring sun block, hats, sun glasses in summer. Some indoor rides like It's a Small World have air con inside while you queue. Take those in the afternoon, when you need to avoid the sun most! Also, toilets are air conditioned, and a great relief in all senses. The water coolers are usually nearby, so you can fill up those water bottles at the same time.3. Stay the full day if you can   the crowds tend to thin out in the evening. Our family took a nap break (we stayed at the Disneyland hotel) and returned in the evening. We managed to get onto the Jungle Cruise with no waiting time at all! Most attractions (older ones) were down to about 10 to 20 minutes by evening. If you're not big on fireworks (or staking out a good spot way earlier than 9pm) then the last half hour before the fireworks display at 9pm is a GREAT time to get on rides! Everyone else is headed to the fireworks display. My son got seconds on the tea cup ride, again with no waiting time. There were also no queues at the other rides nearby. Even so, we managed to be just in time for the fireworks.4. Don't be shy to stake your place in line   there are little (and not so little) children who will scoot in empty spots ahead of you in line. I realise it happens quite regularly. However, tell them to line up, and the adults will usually comply, bringing their children back with them into their spot in line. The other people in line are generally supportive, and will back you on this. Disney also makes regular announcements about line jumping.5. Shop either real early or real late   the shops have a 10% discount off merchandise in the first few hours that the park is opened. Alternatively, spend time at the rides first. We picked up stuff at the end of the day (after 9!).
I have been to many theme parks, this is the worst!They have more retail shops than attractions. You hardly see any other tourists from other countries except those from China. This Disneyland seems to be only suitable for mainlanders. This theme park has no queuing order, staff are not well trained. There is not enough shelter for visitors to take a break especially in Summer. I can't imagine if it's rain, where can the visitors go? There is no staff to control the queue, mainlanders are cutting queue as usual. The park do not control the total number of visitors for the day, it just seems over crowded. Waiting for a single attraction takes more than an hour. You just waste all your money and time waiting and waiting then you got to find out that they have a system called 'Fastpass'. Those visitors who got Fastpass can enter first. This is really ridiculous as who on earth a first time tourist will know where and how to get a fastpass? The park is small and for the services they provide, it just not worth the price and live up to the name of Disneyland.The MTR station also did not provide enough ticketing machine for visitors to purchase tickets. The stupid machine only accept small notes and coins. There is no staff to help you. You have to wait another hour queuing to finally get your train tickets. The train station equally sucks!Overall, you just felt like after they took your money, they just leave you to die. They don't even care if you had fun or can go home safely.My final advise; this park is only suitable for the locals and visitors form China. Don't even think about it.
We went there as a family of 3 in August 2012   and were seriously disappointed. Hordes of people everywhere (later told by multiple sources that these were vacationers from mainland China), waiting times of an hour  for rides, made this a horrible experience. Compared this to 4 glorious days spent in Florida Disneyland 3 years back, and felt that this was a big big let down. The park in itself is also small (can be completed in 1 day or 1.5 days at a stretch) Just do not go when there are vacations in mainland China and you should be fine
We visited during the summer holidays so could not complete seeing most of the attractions. I would highly recommend the Grizzly Gulch ride and the Stitch interactive shows. Do remember to bring lots of drinking water during summer as I found the prices of bottled water a tad bit on the high side. They do have water coolers at strategic locations if you are not very particular.
Disneyland was fun even though part of the park was temporarily shut down due to a typhoon warning. Luckily they opened up the outdoor rides again. The new Toy Story rides are fun. They need to look at growing the park more. Overall the Disney experience is well maintained and very visitor friendly unlike Ocean Park which is run shoddily. True Disney spirit and feeling.
Watch out for locals and mainlanders trying to push in front of you in the queue. I have no shame and told more than one person (through simple signs) that I was not going to let them push in front of me. So, no one did! Young or old, they'll try it if you're not careful.That said, it's a wonderful place but you do rather stick out like a sore thumb as one of the few western families but it's much better than when we last there 5 years ago when we were the only Western family!It's expensive but then that's Disney for you.Probably best not to go at the weekend.
It's our first vacation abroad as family and I think it's a wonderful experience. Yeah, it's not advisable to visit Hongkong during August because it's really humid (hot), it is advisable to bring hats, shades and umbrellas during your summer visit. We stayed there for the whole day, but i suggest if you want to really see everything in Disneyland you should go their for two days. Very magical and very fun for kids. Unforgettable experience!
The hong Kong disney is definitely one of the main highlights of your trip to HK. if you are coming from south east asia then you dont need to go to the US of Japan anymore just to see the disney characters. it really brings out the magic and the child in us. just dont compare it with the original disneyland in the US otherwise youll be a bit dissapointed
Hong Kong Disneyland is clean, well organized, has good rides, and great shows.The Lion King Show is a wonderful extravaganza of dance and song. Tarzan's Tree House includes a raft ride and moving animals. I would not return because of the constant physical pushing, shoving, and cutting in line by adults. I have been to Ocean Park in Hong Kong and this did not happen there. I have been to the Florida Disney World and there was no physical pushing or shoving; and cutting in line may have been there somewhere, but it was by children. I asked one lady about this, and she said that the people doing it were mainlanders, but I saw others doing it too. There were no uniformed security people to stop it. I overheard one man with a heavy British accent turn to the woman with him and say  that man just shoved me and I shoved him back,  to which the woman answered  No, you can't do that.  This is an unusual situation that I have not yet found anywhere else in Hong Kong. For the most part Hong Kong citizens are very pleasant and helpful, so this was very surprising, especially since it was adults doing it. At one boat ride, there was four inches between me and the person in front of me when a Pakistani man pushed in front of me and all the people behind me then let two men and three women in front of him. The  FastPass Line  was an entirely separate area. If the security improves this would be a wonderful place to go.
My girlfriend and I really enjoyed our day at the Hong Kong Disneyland Resort. Despite the hot weather, at least 30 minute queuing up for every attraction and mainlanders Chinese pushing every once in a while we were not disappointed. The ticket is 399 HKD, water 15 and to eat a decent meal you are going to spend around 75 100 HKD per person. Souvenirs are pricey too, but come on, you go to a place like this few times in a lifetime.
I had spent 11 hours in Disneyland! Must try their roller coaster at Grizzly Gulch and Tomorrowland, the jungle river cruise and Lion King show at Adventureland, mickey 's PhilarMagic at Fantasy Land! Of course, not to miss the parade at 1pm. Try to avoid China school holiday if you wish to visit Hong Kong Disneyland! Too many visitors!It is a wonderland suitable for both adults and kids!
1. 90% of the park visitors are from mainland China2. Sleeping on the park's benches3. Disneyland VERY crowded and worst during weekend4. Disappointed with the mainland chinese visitors who will try different ways and means to cut your queue for the rides. Any tiny little opening space, they will try to squeeze through and cut your queue5. Mainland chinese eating and having their own  picnics  around the park and then leaving behind rubbish instead of discarding them into the bins6. Very little characters around the park for photo taking7. All rides are fully packed and you have to wait up to 30 mins minimum for the rides. You wait longer for popular rides!8. Mainland chinese talked loudly and smoked around the park vicnitiyGenerally, if you can, go visit Disney in the US or Tokyo. Avoid Hong Kong Disneyland. You will be disappointed. For the pricey tickets, one deserves a better atmosphere but the disneyland in Hong Kong looks and feel cheap.
i've went there for 3 times already and it is very childish. this is my opinion, but the kids would love it. so go there if you have kids. but if you are a teen or adult, i would suggest you to go to ocean park. it's much bigger and there are way more attractions.
Hong Kong Disneyland is very small. For adults, it may not be something but it means the world to small kids, seriously!! We visited Disneyland thrice, 1st was 2yrs ago, 2nd & 3rd (2day pass) was 2mths ago. Furthermore its the nearest   Cheapest to travel compared to Japan Paris US since we're from SG. Word of advise, reach there early so can cover most of the rides. Worth a visit if you have small kids, i can guarantee you that they will enjoy it!!
This Disney park is the smallest of all the Disney Parks in the world. But that doesn't mean that it is not worth while. It doesn't have any thrill rides, besides Space Mountain and Grizzly Gulch, but believe me, you will have a great day out.The entrance to the park costs half of all the other Disney parks in the world, so it will offer great value if you have small children.The park is small, so you it is easy to navigate. It has all the great rides for the smaller kids (which adults will also enjoy). If you are from Europe and you have children under the age of 6, I would recommend this park OVER the USA  Disney parks.With small children, you don't need the thrill rides and if you are gonna fly 10 hours, you might as well fly 10 hours to Hong Kong, rather than USA, since you will get the same experience for half the price.The castmembers of Disneyland Hong Kong are really, really fantastic. So, friendly and fun, they really add to the Disney day.Meeting the characters at Disneyland Hong Kong is more delightful than at any other Disney Park. There are many opportunities to meet characters and when you meet them, they really take the time to interact and be playful. You will leave with tons of pictures, rather than just 1 picture per character. All the standard ingredients of Disney fun are present: shows, parades, rides, smiles and fun.
My 4.75 year old and I visited HK Disneyland during Chinese school holidays which meant it was hot, humid and crowded. Average wait time for rides was close to 1 hour which is a big ask for a little person. When we did get in (had some problems with the vouchers I purchased through Expedia) the Customer Relations gave us some  Fast Passes  for a few rides. This was definitely the way to go because it meant we only had to wait about 10 15 minutes for the rides (Buzz Lightyear & Pooh Bear). A good tip is also to go on the rides as a 'single' because it's about 1 4 the wait time compared to going in a group especially Space Mountain. It's also handy to buy an Octypus train pass so you don't have to que up to buy single tickets when returning to your destination.
i did not really intend to go here, its just that i had to accompany my friend who is a disney fan. im not really that impressed, it looks like a typical theme park, and i find it too small. what made my trip worthwhile though were the lion king musical, the mickey magic4d show and the fireworks before thee closing time. i did not enjoy the characters' parade because there were a lot of rude people.
dissapointment for us   very small, very few attractions but kids loved it, especially the parade.   if want to enjoy the place, need to buy fast pass, otherwise need to stay in queues all day
My trip with my daughter, wife & brother's family   2 kids was wonderful. Though it was tiring, it was truly great.Must visit with kids for all who can afford it. And yes, do remember to stay at the Disney Resort or Disney Hollywood Hotel. That too was a great experience.
Visited Hong Kong Disneyland while my boyfriend was visiting from the states. Being born in Southern California, Disneyland was a staple in my childhood. I've also been to Disney World and Disneyland Paris and I have to say that Hong Kong Disneyland probably provides the best value. After reading the reviews, we decided that going during the week was our best option and also determined that we probably wouldn't need a full day. The park is significantly smaller, but you get what you pay for as the admission price is about $50 USD per person. We took the MTR from Causeway Bay and the Disneyland Resort line to get to the park arriving at 1:30pm. The place was crowded, but no where near as bad as the other Disney parks I've been to. The longest wait we had was about 45 minutes for the RC Racer ride in Toy Story Land. All other attractions had posted wait times of about an hour, but we honestly never waited that long. Maybe 30 minutes tops in most cases. Many people complained about the wait times, but we thoughts they were short compared to 2  hours for Space Mountain in California. We were able to see of the shows and rides we had planned on viewing and left at 8:30pm (yes, before the fireworks). The food for purchase was cheap compared to the other parks, but expensive from a Hong Kong perspective. The fruit cups are a great value at $25HKD. Even water is cheap ($15 18HKD per bottle) compared to the other parks. They say no outside food or drink is allowed in the park, but we learned that this excludes water. So stock up at 7 Eleven in Central Hong Kong station before making your way to the park to save a couple bucks.Overall, we were really happy with our day as we got to experience the Disney magic at about half the price back in the states. The only problem we had was with the amount of pushing and line cutting attempts we experienced in the lines for attractions. We had read the reviews from other posters alerting us to this and were prepared to stand our ground. We were given many unhappy looks from the kids (and adults) who unsuccessfully tried to jump ahead of us, but lots of people said they appreciated our efforts. The ride attendants would make announcements that line jumping was discouraged, but I think they should implement the same policy they have the states where if you're caught jumping the line you get kicked out of the park. Many of the  culprits  were very mean and aggressive taking no care as to who they pushed (we witnessed a little girl about 5 years old be hit to the ground by an adult trying to jump ahead). I think Disney realizes the problem, but more needs to be done. In the end we thought it was funny and it didn't ruin our experience, but we prepared to fight for your spot.
I was really disappointed by how bad this park is compared to other Disney attractions. I knew that it was smaller before visiting, but even with that knowledge I thought it was worse than I imagined. The number of rides is awful. If you want to spend your time queuing to have your picture taken with characters then you're in luck. We had a two day ticket and regretted it at the end of the first day. I'm sure it will continue to attract the Asian market (until Shanghai opens) but it is rubbish.
best thing in it is 3d thetar 2nd rolarcoster which move frunt but at the top sudunly it gose back in such aspeed the exprince is un forgotabal remaining r good but not the best
It is smaller and more compact than Anaheim but still is magical and still the happiest place for children and people who are children at heart. Can get crowded. bring lots of water and wear comfortable shoes. Bring an umbrella. It can get wet and also humid at times...
To make a gift to a Thai friend, I went for the first time at Disneyland Hong Kong.The only problem for me is that I have already been a few times at Walt Disney World (Orlando, Florida, USA) and many times at Disneyland Paris.So, I was thinking that it was the same ! Of course, it's evident that we are in a Disney park. But I have been surprised to discover that this park is smaller than in Paris, and so a little bit disappointed.But the magic of M. Disney is still here and it's a great experience, despite the long queues (average 1h for each experience)
I am reminded again how much I love Disney magic. The magic prevails to impress my 2yr old gal whos asking to go back to Disneyland, when its less than a week ago. I like the fact that it is small and convenient with well trained staff.My only regret is not topping up for a 2 day pass or staying at the Disney hotels. Will definitely be planning another Disneyland trip again...hopefully to the one in US.
Combination of humidity, heat and serpentine queues of mainland tourists spoils the Disney experience. We had to wait over an hour in many of the lines. Also some of the shows are in Cantonese and the place a lot smaller, making it a far lesser experience than the US one.
No wonder people associate Disneyland with magical. You'll be transported to your childhood and you unknowingly become a kid again as you enter and explore the place. It's more of place for photography with friends and family, as the themed rides are mostly mild. Remember to have a bite out of mickey with the mickey mouse shaped waffles!
I went hee in March 2011. I am quite a fan of Disney. I've been to Orlando twice and Anaheim once. Hong Kong Disney is half the size of Anaheim. It's worth about half a day in reality. I have had clients stay at the hotel and you can get some Stay 4 Pay 3 deals every now and again. It would not be my choice to stay out there. It's a day trip. If you've been to the States, you will be sorely disappointed.
We went to Disneyland in July while it is VERY hot. It is not pleasant to walk around the park in the heat! But in the parade the characters did spray water onto the onlookers. Which was really nice. The rides were small and really for younger children. They had an African show which was really well done! The puppets and acting was excellent!
3 time to visit Disneyland, and the worse. Yes there was new attraction, Toy story and Gizzly, an there were very crowed, as the is no space in there Disneyland. This time there was dirt all over in restaurant and the cleaner just stand and look at it with out doing something. I also miss some display in the park where you can see the time to the attraction
I understand how crowded disneyland is, and how hot and humid Hong Kong summer can get. But I do not understand the rude visitors; they are clearly not Hong Kong locals. They will cut in lines for attractions, for food, for bathrooms. One common trick   parents let their kids burrow their way to the front of the line, then the parents will push away people waiting in line to get to their kids... and I do mean PUSHING. People will also smoke throughout the park. There is no enforcement of rules whatsoever. We will definitely not return (we bought two day tickets and we did not return for the second day). Stick to other disneylands outside Hong Kong. One positive note   the staff at the baby nursing station were very nice and helpful.
Enjoyed my room very much as I had a pool view. The breakfast spread we had was also beyond my expectation as it had variety and it tasted good too. The highlight was of course the Disney characters coming out to greet you and taking photos with them! Will definitely return to stay here again!
We had a great time with our boys, people say it's small butI think it was just perfect for the one day we had! We got to go pretty much everywhere & were there for the parade (but not fireworks at night) recommended if you are in hong kong & want to treat the kids!
This might be the smallest Disneyland in the world but it still had plenty to offer the visitor   all the expected sights that we all grew up with as well as some of the newer stories from Disney. Good combination of rides, shows and meet & greet locations. Organise your day so that you see the Grand Parade as well as the fireworks at night.Being in Asia expect the usual pushing and shoving, lack of queues, lack of manners by Western standards etc etc that unfortunately has become synonomous with this part of the world
Visited with Hong Kong resident friends, but did so on a humid 38C mid week day during school summer holidays   an unfortunate decision. Queues for most rides were rarely less than 1 hour, waiting outside for most of it in sultry heat under ineffective fans. Hence we only managed a couple of lines before deciding the next would be the lunch queue   also long!Our local friends pointed out that residents of mainland China were there in vast numbers on this day and were far less inclined to line up nicely than Hong Kong locals. Hence we had to fend off whole families attempting pass us in the lines. Despite appearances, one of us spoke Cantonese and relayed some of the not so nice comments made by visiting mainlanders about our presence at 'their' amusement park. Hong Kong locals around us were more endearing, cheering my friend's 'Hey, we don't push in here in Hong Kong!' comments and relegating offenders to the back of the line.After only 4 hours, 3 rides and a rather ordinary hotdog, we'd had enough of the heat and queues and caught a train out. It's no doubt a pleasant and happy outing in milder weather, and on a quieter day. The place itself, and the toilet facilities, was kept reasonably clean despite lot of visitors who weren't accustomed to public tidiness. Although it seemed a little smaller than the LA original, from my fading memory it did have most of my old favourites and a few newer rides   even if I didn't get to ride on them! Maybe another (quieter) day.
We've been to HK Disneyland quite a few times now and the kids always have a ball. There aren't many grown up rides but that doesn't seem to stop the grown ups (mostly from Mainland China) lining up and riding the kids rides   much to our kids' disgust haha.For some reason Disneyland is HOT...beyond humid and hot. Lantau Island is the hottest part of HK. Was quite a dumb spot for DL actually but even in Winter it's unbearable. Keep this in mind when dressing for the day.Tips:~ You can buy Tickets at IFC train station or at Disneyland.~ Don't take food in or they'll confiscate it & after you enter (unless it's baby food of course).~ Make sure you get a times map for character meets etc.~ There's a water play area called UFO area in Tomorrowland where you shoot water pistols and walk under water things but honestly you welcome it as it's so damn hot. ~ Get to DL when it first opens as HK'ers aren't morning people. It will start to get busy at about 1pm.~ Wherever you can get a fast pass, get one. You can get one every 30mins. Insert tickets into the designated machine, get fast pass ticket with your time slot to go in. Enter through special line & bypass massive queue. Buzz light year ride in Tomorrowland for example has it.~ When the heat gets to you, go on  It's a Small World After All . Airconditioned from the moment you walk in.~ Winnie the Pooh ride not worth the line up...trust me!~ Have fun!!
Although this is the smallest Disneyland compared to those in US and Japan, you can find heaps of fun here and it would take more than a day to cover all areas. Don't visit on weekend, it will get very crowded and there might be long queue for tickets. Visit early to save the waiting. Ticket is expensive but it includes all the rides.
Hong Kong Disneyland is clearly the smallest of all the Disneylands scattered around the world. However, its size didn't stop it from being the happiest place on earth. I visited during the weekend, and I must say that there's a lot of people who went to the park as well. Good thing the rides had waiting times to let you know how long you're going to wait for a specific ride. Overall, the experience was great. I think the staff inside the park were very friendly and professional. It was a good value for money.Now, here are some tips that may be useful for you when you plan to visit HK Disneyland: 1. Everything sold inside the park is pricey (even the food and drinks!), so make sure to bring lots of money especially if you're planning to buy many souvenirs from there. 2. Take advantage of the 10% discount for all items in the Emporium, Mainstreet Sweets, and other shops when you purchase products before 11:30 am. 3. Don't miss the parades (yes, there are more than just one~ Flights of Fantasy Parade at 1 pm and Mickey's Waterworks Parade at 4 pm) and the shows (Philharmagic, Golden Mickeys, Festival of the Lion King) because they are really great and entertaining. 4. Upon entering the park, do get a guide map and times guide to help you out around the attractions inside the park. 5. If you have company, you can still take advantage of the single rider's lane, especially in Space Mountain. If you and your company don't mind sitting beside another guest at the roller coaster, you can enter as single riders (there's a separate line for that) and save yourself the burden of waiting around 45 minutes for the ride in the regular line. The single rider lane generally doesn't fill up   even a single bit!6. If you plan to watch Mickey's Waterworks Parade up front, an umbrella or raincoat will be helpful, because you will definitely be wet afterwards.7. Try to stay until the closing time. As you may know, the park closes with a display of fireworks. Believe me, just imagining it is very very different from actually seeing it.
It's too small for the summer crowds. Like what others said, you do end up wasting 30 40 minutes waiting for pretty much everything. Customer service doesn't exist. Crowds are rude. If you want to pay to wander around and just look at things Disney, come on in. If you're expecting a true Disney experience, head to LA or Orlando.
The place is beautiful and the rooms are huge compared to hongkong standards. Disneyland is good for kids .... adults may not find it too attractive. Swimming Pool timings are strictly followed which was a letdown, as we wanted to relax after a day of roaming in Disney Land.Dont miss the 4D Show.... that is the best.
I've to been to Disneyland Japan, and compare to this, Disney HK is much smaller, especially the Sleeping Beauty Castle. I visited during weekdays but still the crowd is so many. Mostly the people are from mainland China. Maybe this is summer holiday and the China crowd came. I'm not sure. Very hot and humid during this time of the year. I will go again only if   the place is expanding (there is this new attraction call 'mystic' coming soon next to Toy Story land ; and will only go during cooler season such as autumn or end on winter. Overall, good place to bring your kids.
Compared with Paris and Orlando, this is one is quite 'small', but was fortunately not that that crowded. The best way is to access it by metro directly from Hong Kong City. The last leg of your journey will be done in a special 'Disney' metro, where the magic begins.I was very surprised by the scale of the castle ... but maybe this is the asiatic 'touch' of miniature.Else, this a Disney park, just what you need to have a good day with your kids.
Why do I said this? Because, most of game have a category  mild . For me, still less challenging. But there is game which I like, this is  blind  Roller coaster. This also called Space Mountain.Even so, I really enjoy playing in this place. I think the best atraction in here were 4D theater and fireworks in the night.So lets enjoy in Disney Land Hong Kong....I have a dream to visit Disney Land in the world like in French and Japan. So, this was a first time I visited Disney Land. Awesome !!!
Enjoyed it but as you can imagine it was an average of 45 min wait per ride . We passed on most of the rides but still an enchanting place to walk around
I lived in Florida near Walt Disney World and had annual passes for years. I never grew tired of visiting it. Since Disneyland Hong Kong is so much smaller, but more crowded, it was hard to enjoy myself. I've been to Walt Disney world with large crowds, but I was never pushed and shoved like I was in Hong Kong. I guess I woulds have to chalk it up to a different culture of most of the guest. That being said, if you have never been to a Disney Park, than you should still visit this one if you get a chance. It has that Disney magic, you can't find at any other park. Try to go when the weather is cooler and children are in school.
Disneyland is the best place in Hong Kong. Even though its too small and crowded compared to other branches, the place appears clean, newer and its well maintained. It offers happiness not only for the locals but also for people among Asian countries. I never get tired of going here not only to seek for pleasure but also for exciting experiences that I will never forget.
The train ride out is fantastic. Quick and efficient and so easy to find. The park itself was extremely clean and all the staff were welcoming. It was a fantastic day out, but definitely one for families with young children. Don't go if you are hoping for big rides as there aren't any. My friend and I enjoyed our day and would recommend it for a visit.
Everyone I'd ever spoken to had told me that Hong Kong Disney is a disappointment. 'It's too small,' they'd said. 'You can see everything in two hours.'Well, I found nothing could be further from the truth. We arrived at lunch time and stayed around until the end of the fireworks display at 8pm.Everything about the place was overwhelmingly joyful   from the gaudy music pumping endlessly from hidden speakers to the sight of Mickey and Minnie holding hands and meandering amongst the punters. It was what I assume heaven is like, all eternal joy and excitement.The day we visited, it was absolutely stinking hot. We spent the day slicked with sweat   thankfully, there were countless opportunities to get sprayed with water in an attempt to cool down. Make sure you pack plenty of sunscreen   by the end of the day I looked (and felt) like a boiled lobster.The queues were generally pretty obscene, but we got to do the stereotypical Disney rides like the spinning teacups and It's a Small World with only short delays.Overall, definitely a worthwhile visit   although if you've been to any of the larger Disney parks it might be a disappointment.
My partner and I visited Hong Kong Disneyland with our extended family including two children aged 7 9. Our primary motivation was to complete our Disneyland punchcard, making Hong Kong our last theme park until a new one is built, of course. Unfortunately we made the mistake of visiting in mid July when the weather was in the 30s and felt like it was in the 40s. Lines were fairly long at this time of year but moved quickly. Do be aware of the  line cutters  who propagate the park. As I understand they are primarily mainland Chinese tourists who are less familiar with the queueing concept and force their way regularly to the front of the line. Tips to remedy this include blocking both sides of any aisle and directly questioning someone trying to get past you   they will often back down. For those visiting in the summer, the bathrooms are A C respite from the heat and much appreciated. Rides are smaller than most other parks but the Grizzly Gulch ride was fun. The Lion King show was like a mini Cirque du Soleil and a cool break from the heat. Bags are searched upon entrance for outside food or drink, so be aware.
It is just like all of the other Disney's I have been to, with the exception that it is slightly smaller. I am not sure if it was a language barrier, but people would cut right in front of you if you didn't stand your ground in line! We watched one family cut in front of about 15 families while we waited in line for 30 minutes. We waited for an hour to see Minnie and Mickey, which was way too long but the only character my daughter wanted to see. Over all we had a great time. The Disney tram  mtr was fantastic and made it very easy to get there!
We spent the 26th of July at Disneyland, we had planned to go on the 23rd but the weather was not good and it did end up with the park closing due to Typhoon Vicente we saw later at their website. It was still a rainy day, but you could buy umbrellas ( we had ours already) and raincoats ( we saw people wearing it but did not find where to buy them). Some people say you don't need the whole day but we totally disagree. If you plan to go on most rides and watch most shows, one day is ok. We arrived at 10 and left at 9pm, we missed about 5 rides and did not see the parade. The whole atmosphere is very nice, there are plenty of stalls to sell drinks, snacks, etc and also a toilet water facility in each area of the park as well as restaurants. Food is quite expensive but you are not allowed to bring food in, so maybe a good breakfast before going to the park and a late lunch might hold you until you get out of the park. There are not many fast run rides, the new one at the mine is a must go. Other two rides are fast ( race car at Toy story and Space Mountain). We really enjoyed the shows, Lion King and Golden Mickeys, both very professional. On a sunny day the place might be even better, we did not have heavy rain to stop some rides, but is was not nice getting wet in the fine rain. Many rides are indoors. Anyone going with children to Hong Kong who have not been to a different Disneyland should not miss it.
Just spent 5 days in amazing Hong Kong and one of them spent at Disneyland, what a great day was had y all. Although it did rain at the start of the day it did not put a dampener on it at all, the attrations, rides and food were all great and as it was a week day wasn't too bad to line up for the rides. Our group of 14 enjoyed the day immensley and would highly recommend to anyone visiting Hong Kong alond with a day spent on a bus ride to Stanley with a beautiful beach and a grat market.
This park is relative new, opened in 2005 i think. 20 minutes taxi ride from Kowloon, cost around HKD 200 for the ride.Disney is Disney, you get what you want. Very nice and clean park with lots of toilettes and places to eat drink. Keep in mind that this park is best for the smaller kids, but there are 3 5 rides also for the bigger ones. Not the bigges of parks, so it is no problem to  do  the park in one day.
Pretty cool how it's all set up. Awesome parade that goes through the town. When we were there some rides were closed for technique problems which wasn't good and made the lines for the other rides bigger. Would be really good for kids just the prices of food and drinks are very steep
When you are in Disneyland, you are always in a different world   living the fantasy of your inner child. Every moment is just magical. More like a getaway for busy moms. A great way to spend quality time with the kids. The rides and the attraction aren't much but it's the ambience that makes it all ineteresting and worthwhile. Best time to go there is on November   Decmber when the temperature is not too cold nor too hot. Also, the park is equipped with kid friendly facilities so moms need not worry about their kids. It is also very accessible via the MTR which also has connecting tracks to the DIsneyland train...Snacks are available but it is better to go there with a full stomach since there isn't much variety to choose from.
This is the perfect place for a Family particularly with Kids and a Must see attraction in HK. Our kids (8 & 6 years) enjoyed the show well. I think one day is not enough if you are a Family with Kids. Also two day pass cheaper than one day pass. We loved the show The Golden Mickey Awards , The Philhar Magic Show and The Festival of the Lion King. Kids have a great time taking picture with all characters. Unfortunately we could not go for all rides shows so we will be visiting HK Disney Land again during this November 2012, yes    with two day pass.Please don   t miss the Fireworks & Light Show starts around 8.00 PM.
If you like hair raising rides, you might end up disappointed, however your kids will enjoy the shows, characters and rides
Visited Disneyland during summer, not an good option (too hot) ! New  Grizzly Gulch  roller coaster is a must when visiting this place ! However, I really dislike those who jump the queue, worst part is the parents asked their children to do it and they joined their children afterward ! Ridiculous ! To avoid any disappointment, protect your  position  ! The management should do something on it...
I absolutely loved every minute of it, it brings all your childhood memories back, its not as extravagant as the one I've seen online in the US and other countries but it has the feel to it. I was disappointed there wasn't any little mermaid tho. It was a lovely trip even in the freezing weather, my hubby and I had the best time :)
The highlight of my visit are its shows: Lion King, Golden Mickeys. Superbly done. So magical and inspiring.Try almost all the rides. Don't forget to bring an umbrella to protect you from sunlight and possible rain. Bring a lot of water plus snacks. Food inside are quite expensive. Do not miss the fireworks somewhere between 8 9PM.
At the end of our southeast Asia trip, a couple girlfriends and I decided to visit Disneyland for one of their birthdays during our stop in Hong Kong. We're from southern CA and have been to Disneyland there since we were little, so we were really curious what the Disneyland in China is like. First of all, it's a good amount cheaper than the one in CA, about US $50 compared to the $90 at home.. But the park in HK is also smaller. We actually made our visit on a day at the tail end of a typhoon (fluctuating between level 1 and 3) so they told us all of the outdoor attractions would be closed... Which is all the rides but three. I would have given the value a 1 or 2 if the weather hadn't cleared up which opened the rest of the rides, including the new Grizzly Gulch mining cars! The mining cars ride alone was worth the trip, with unexpecting turns and backwards riding. However, the  cultural  experience comes with the people, and it was quite a kick and funny experience in itself. For example, despite that there are fenced queues, just like at any other Disneyland or theme park, the concept of a line really does not exist here. I guess waiting your turn was not a rudimentary lesson in preschool or something. The second you're not paying attention people slip past you. Actually, even when you are paying attention, people push past you. Personal space is also lacking in the common courtesy area, haha. Once you finally got the hang of holding down the fort in line (entails holding onto the handrails on both sides) someone's fanny pack is against your butt while youre pushed so close to the person in front of you that you're eating his hair. What's funny is, this super anxious demeanor applies to children AND adults alike, which we found very humorous. The poor weather even made the park less crowded, yet we saw people running to get ahead at any opportunity that presented itself. We waited in a wide queue for the Lion King show, and when the rope was unhooked to allow people into the theater, we found ourselves among a stampede, literally, sprinting to the theater to get a seat. As miserable as this sounds, we actually found it very humorous and had several laughs about it. Secondly, when lights dim in the theater or the curtains are pulled at the beginning of a show, this is not taken to mean to be quiet but rather start talking about anything that is remotely interesting, even feel free to yell about what is particularly appealing to you. The second the shows started, everyone began talking louder than normal voices. We found this somewhat bizarre, but perhaps we are the weird ones for thinking to be quiet during the shows. Expect a LOT of oohing and ahhing during shows, to a point where it feels like you're missing something bc you really can't grasp what's worth the extravagant reaction. During Philar Magic, everyone was screaming like really screaming and trying to grab the 3D objects, and I mean everyone. It was probably the funniest part of our day because we really weren't prepared for it. Lastly, one of the cutest little girls had to go to the bathroom, in which her mother proceeded to remove her daughters pants, covered her as the daughter squatted and peed on the floor in the queue, and then took off her daughter's shoes to shake off the excess pee that got on them, a little of which was sprayed on me. It was so foul and disturbing and shocking that it was almost funny, but we werent the only ones that were grossed out by this. It really was the icing on our cultural experience. Overall however, the day was amazing, especially because all the rides had opened by the end of the day. The mining cars were so fun that we went on them twice, and Toy Story Land has great attractions and I'm jealous that the Disneyland in CA doesn't have a toy story land! The food was tasty and the crowds weren't bad. Space Mountain was really fun too. The addition of Grizzly Gulch land really up'd the ante for this park, it was so cool. I'd say it's definitely worth it to go, especially if you're a Disney fan. Just go with an open mind and brace the cultural experience because we loved it.
I didn't a chance to visit this attraction during my first trip to HKG in 2006. So this time around, I made a pact with Jo to make sure we'll get there, no matter what! We almost saw our chance slipping away as the rain refused to stop on our third day, Tuesday. The day we had originally scheduled the trip. Sigh... Can we still make to Disneyland with just Wednesday left before our flight back to KL? Hmm... The past three days since we arrived early Saturday morning, we had done nothing much but SHOPPING!! Day turned night. Drizzle, rain, heavy rain, sunshine, rain again! We were still on our feet joining the throng of shoppers going for the best deals. And indeed HKG is a shopper's haven with tonnes of places for us esp. Jo to shop to her heart content!  )Then, Wednesday finally came... What should we do? Rain or shine, should we take the risk and just go? And indeed that's what we did. As God has answered our prayers, only sunshine and blue skies awaited us as we arrived in a cab at the Disneyland entrance. Yippee! We made it!! B)Living up to her name Jo the Shopaholic, we headed straight to the Emporium to shop for souvenirs! (Note: Should only browse and check out the price tags. Don't buy as yet! You will soon find similar outlets at other parts of the attractions selling the same items and perhaps different ones at a discount! Bought 3 t shirts at 60% off at the Adventure Land and a mug for HK$30 only!) The park is small with a few rides here and there. The Toy Story Land is its latest attraction offering much more adrenalin rush, crazy type of rides   Not for me tough... :) I did enjoy taking the casual, relaxing boat ride at the Small World (I think that's what it's called). Many places to eat scattered everywhere. Nothing's great but OK. Can be pricey at some...Despite the throbbing headache due to the hot sun, I had a great time and glad I stayed on till the evening to catch the fireworks! The only setback was having to wait to almost and hour (!) for a cab back to the island...
It is a magical and fun place. It is perfect for younger kids aswell as the rides really to cater for them   I have a 5 year old   and it is not too huge so easy to get around. It was a very special and fun day. The parades are great fun and lovely to see all the characters. My son's favourite ride was the Buzz Lightyear ride and we went on 5 times! I adored Small World but then it took me back to when I went to Disneyland at 5 years. Disney is a very special place for all ages and everything is just done so well. The only thing that drove me crazy was the blatant queue barging from the Chinese so keep your elbows sharpened and do not let them push past you   as they will and seriously their audacity is unbelievable!!
even some people might say, this place is more suitable for kids, but I still love it. I love the ambience and atmosphere of Disneyland themed park. And a lot of Disney character walking around among us, as this is their home.The food, souvenirs, and drinks is a bit pricey here, but in an acceptable price.I think currently they're working on new area and will be open somewhere around 2013.This place is a must visit especially you guys travellers with kids.
Clean, fresh, fun even though a little smaller then others. We had a great time and were one of the first to experience the Grizzly Gulch ride. We relaxed both of our 2 days lunches at the air conditioned Corner Cafe which was lovely. The parades were fantastic with a water parade in the late afternoon with light splashes and sprays.
We enjoyed the day and loved the rides. Toy Story land was the kids favourite with my six year old taking the challenge of Andy's toy car. Very scary.  Don't think she will do that again in a hurry.   Thanks for great day out.
Rides were really good, crouds fine. Limited activities, small, took only 3 hours to go thorugh the place & this included a 1 hour lunch. 2 rides broken but others working were great. You can do the full park in jiust a few hours. Worth the trip if you have small children. Argued with guards as I couldn't take in diabetic food or drinks, very poor.
HK Disneyland itself is quite compact, and fairly easy to access via MTR. However, often it could get overcrowded with extremely long waits for rides (quite painful in hot summer days). There's not much shade on offer so be prepared with sunscreen lotion, or join the hordes of people walking around with umbrellas under the scorching summer sun.
After reading the reviews, my expectations were pretty low, so maybe that helped!I just got back from visiting today, it was friggen hot as all hell, humid as could be, and smoggy as Hong Kong has become, but there was a breeze, so that was nice...Anyway, I went alone (what a loser am I) and with the single rider lines for Space Mountain and the Runaway Mine Cars in Grizzly Gulch or whatever it's called, I actually felt like a VIP. I never waited for more than a few minutes and usually ended up with a little kid or a mom whose husband had the kid in their car, or with some other third wheel from the standby lines. I also seen some people  pretending  to be single riders (they were holding hands until the employees running the ride were around, then played it  cool ) so I think you could beat the system that way if you want. I also seen a parade and all the Disney characters...and I think that Disney does a pretty good job with their princess selection...man, they all looked just like the ones in LA! I think they all could do a good job of making my dreams come true someday! haha!And since I was just at Disneyland Anaheim this year too, I can say that HK doesn't match up, but it was a fun way to spend most of my day rather than wander around and see the same old crap in Kowloon the day before I head into China... I took the train from Tsim Sha Tsui (red line) to Lai King and xferred to the orange line to Sunny Bay, then to the Disney line, and it was a pretty easy trip, maybe 40 minutes...I had a good time, probably won't go back, but I can cross it off the list. Next visit to HK, I'll try Ocean Park and see how that one rates...hopefully it'll be cooler the next time I come over here!
My family and I went during the summers and we could not enjoy because of the intense heat. Disney land looked really nice and fun but we were unable to go around enough. What we enjoyed was the small world ride! It was a truly wonderful experience :) For anyone who wants a good experience i recommend not to go during the hot season!!
I decided to surprise my family with a 2 night stay at this magnificent property after an adoption trip to China. We had 2 beautifully spacious appointed oceanfront rooms close to the main lobby. The view of garden maze with the ocean in the background was worth the room category upgrade. Front desk staff amazing! I've been to the parks in Paris, Orlando and California. This stay ranks at the top!
We went there last year. My kids really enjoy being here. We spent a day here but i think it's not enough for us to enjoy disneyland in one day. May be we will come again another time. My kids really excited to meet all their idols, mickey, minnie, donald and daisy. It was really unforgettable vacation.
Of course kids loved it (and I did too!). It is smaller than Magic Kingdom in Florida but has its own charms. It gets four stars only because I was dissappointed by the size of the castle. All the staff is very friendly and definetely go out of their way to make people feel in a fantasy world. There is lots of people but we never felt crowded and we were always able to see the parade (with minimum wait) from good viewpoints. The food is typical of this kind of places so average. In comparison to Disneyland Paris this one gets my ultimate vote (especially for the friendliness of the staff).
We were there on Monday from the moment the park opened (10am) and almost till firework (9pm). It was so hot and the queues were so long despite the fact that it was Monday. There are new attractions (Storybook part of the park) which was not there when we visited 2 years ago and frankly, these new attractions are not as good as the old ones. Strangely enough, at least 2 3 of the visitors are adults or teens. We only left before the firework when it was pouring rain and we were terrified of the prospect of carting exhausted children thru the train home in the rush after the firework. Certainly, we will be back.
It has a lot to live up too, it has attractions but is rather on the small side. Go mid week to avoid the crowds. Standard Disney Prices
It is small with significantly fewer rides than Disneyland CA, Disneyworld, or Eurodisney. Other than the food you would have no idea that you are in HK. even the t shirts are boring: put on Mickey and then add  Hong Kong . Space mountain was here is a line, wait, here is the ride. That is it. Nothing to entertain while in line. Sterile. The Lion King show was the best part of the visit.Save your money and skip it.
Went there last May with my wife and kids, and my siblings, my parents, my mom in law, and my nephew and nieces, and the kids just can't get enough of it.Unlike the Ocean Park where the rides can be extreme, the rides here at the Disneyland are more children oriented and safe. Of course adults can try the rides too like what I did and the best I think was the Space Mountain.You can also watch the parade of Disney characters and your pictures taken with them. Before you leave, you can enjoy the fireworks display by the castle.You have to be quick though because right after the fireworks display, people will race towards the train station to get a ride home. : )
Compact and easy to negotiate. Well laid out but signage could have been better. Food was not bad value   in fact had the best char siew pork and rice on the trip, in comet cafe in Tomorrow Land. Good rides   space mountain, autopia, toy land rides. But the queuing was the killer. On average of 60 mins for each ride! We got there late so not a great day in that respect. Everyone recommended that we should get there early, as soon as the park opens   probably good advice, which we probably should have taken! Top tip 1   take lots of water, though there were water fountains where you can top up. Top tip 2.   do not buy a two day pass. You can probably do most, if not all rides in one (exhausting) day. Top Tip 3   do the Lion King Show   great 30 min summary of the West End show. Saved a few bucks there...Mystery never solved  the difference between a Standard Day Pass and Designated Day Pass !Would I do it again? Probably not but ticked the box for my seven year old !
went there with my wife and we just had a great time , we had not been to other disney parks ,so were looking forward to it ! felt like kids again..............it requires a whole day to see most of it ! also the weather can be a bit warm and humid (so check the weather forecast )... ! The highlights were the fireworks in the evening ! the shows and rides were good too ! All in all it was good experience..
This was our first visit to any Disneyland and we were pretty impressed. We spent 2 days exploring rides and shows and meeting all number of characters. We loved the Lion KIng show and the parade as well as the Mickey's Phillarmagic 4D show complete with smells and splashing water. It was hot in July though so bring face washers flannels for wetting and wiping to cool off and lots of money for cold water to drink. The food prices weren't too bad considering it was a theme park but it was not a cheap 2 days. We did find the crowds overwhelming and many people had no consideration for others. We arrived on the MTR in the afternoon and were swamped by a crowd trying to get on the train before we could get off. We had to scream and shout to get our way though. My husband told everyone they should be ashamed of themselves and then the crowd parted to let us through. We had many other experiences of queue jumping and jostling thrughout our time despite constant reminders from staff to respect others. I couldn't believe a grown man tried to push my daughter (5) out of the way to get on the teacup ride. I put him in his place pretty quickly. To avoid crowds, go to the attractions at the far ends of the park early in the morning. Besides the crowds it was an amazing experience for us and the kids (5 and 3). Oh, we got more time with the princesses too because we speak english. Everyone else just got a photo but we got conversations even my son loved that!
Loads of Mainlanders  try to avoid this if you can  Never go there during weekends  an expensive place  No discounts ever offers  smallest in the world
We went in 2009 (2009 was no longer in the drop down)... I was a bit surprised to see a lot of bad reviews. I've been to Universal Orlando, Universal Singapore and Disney World in Florida, but I was not dismayed with HK Disneyland. Admittedly, it is tiny, but we had fun all the same. I am not sure if we were just lucky, but when we went the queues were not that long, and I was not witness to unsanitary behavior conditions. We did not come with exceedingly high expectations (knowing what rides were in HK and what weren't; and also knowing it would be small in comparison) so maybe that is why I was not disappointed.I cannot speak for how it is now (or maybe even how it is usually), but when we went we had a pleasant experience and our family had fun.
It was not huge as we were expecting but is not so bad. Have to wait in line at least 20min for 1 attraction and the park is closing too early (8pm) with Fireworks as last attraction.
I love Disneyland been to Tokyo for the day and Anaheim three times (about ten days total) so given we had some time to kill between flights and we'd already mastered the MTR we thought we'd give HKG Disney a try.Getting there on the MRT was a piece of cake airport express to Tsing Yi then swap to Tung Chung line to Sunny Bay which is where the Disney train will pick you up. Despite needing to change lines it is really easy for English speaking people; simple touch screens but just be sure you have cash or coins as some machines are specific. The Disney train is so cool it has mickey shaped windows, Mickey grab holds from the roof, really, really plush seating and golden Mickey ornaments on display through the cabins Okay so it cost us $299HKG per adult to get in (about $50 AUS US) and were there for three hours but hey it's Disneyland!!!No Indiana Jones, no haunted mansion, no splash mountain, no big thunder rail way and no Matterhorn but they do have space mountain and the very cool RC ride in Toystory land the jungle cruise was as corny as usual if a little on the fast side.Plenty of kettle corn, yum, and other Disney delicacies Main street looks the same but smaller than Anaheim and maybe less spectacular than Tokyo.Would I go back to this park? Probably not but I would recommend it to those with littlies who are experiencing their first Disney park. still the happiest place on earth and still a magic kingdom but easily do able in a day with young kids in tow. Not really enough heart stoppers for those with teenage kids.The fireworks were Disney magic, plenty of wow and still brought a tear to my eye.
We were there in April this year and it was a fabulous, almost magical experience. While I have visited Disneyland in California, I found the size of this park far more manageable as we were travelling with 2 small children   5 years and 4 years old. In line with the Disney culture the park is very well run, shows start bang on time, the place is super clean and great fun. The accessibility to the characters owing to the short lines   queues ( we were able to take pictures with almost all of them   Mickey, Minnie, Goofy, Pluto, Winnie and Princess Aurora) made it a pleasurable experience for the kids who were totally bowled over.I would strongly recommend the following attractions for kids of our age (3 6):1.Mickey's Philhar Magic   the kids could not stop laughing   they saw it back to back twice2.Winnie's trip   it was very well done3.Its a small world after all   loved seeing dolls from across the globe and the kids were awe struck4.The Lion King show   we were all spell bound5.Tarzan's Tree house   super quaint and sweet6.The Flights of Fantasy Parade   you get to see all the Disney characters in one place   its a must see but make sure you reach the area a half hour before to get a vantage view7. The Fireworks   settle in after a long tiring day to wind down with this fantastic displaySome tips:(a) Weekdays are a great time to visit   we went over a Thursday, Friday and managed to do almost all on Thursday because it was not crowded at all(b) wherever available use the Fast Pass system which lets you walk around and come back to the show at the given time (its currently free of cost) (c) For Indian Vegetarian travellers   The Tahitian Terrace serves an Indian Veg Thali in 2 slightly modified avatars and that is great value for money and manna from heaven for 'souls starved for dal chaval
We went there in the sunday afternoon assuming it would be crowded. We took a cab from wan chai and it cost us 200hkd. For every tunnel they pass the charge you 20hkd and toll is 50hkd. Not crowded as we would expect. 12pm we were greeted by a parade and that was the most exciting part. Everthing else is the same like any disney if you've been to one. But what makes Hong Kong Disneyland different is the sun!! Haha it was unbearable!! The crowds starts coming in around 5pm when the sun is almost down.
Went there with my 7 and 3 yo; played most all attraction for kids; recommended is Winnie Storybook Adventure, Golden Mickey, 3D Philhar Magic, Mickey Wet Parade and the fireworks. The disappointment is Utopia, not the same as describe in the brochure. Prepare umbrella hat cause it's very hot at this moment and also be patience to queue especially for the above attractions.
Fun great little Disney metro train to the park nice entrance in. Usual 'lands'. Hard to find your way around, seemed to be a few dead ends.  Hardly any rides at all. Smaller and less impressive than disneyland Paris and obviously Florida!  Didn't deal with...More
Very clean, lines were not too bad (overcast day). Food was much more edible than in Disney Orlando.
The entrance ticket costs HKD 399, advisable to purchase it at your hotel   elsewhere before hand because of the long queue on the counter spot. I love Disneyland Hongkong! We went there by MTR, it is advisable for your to purchase 1 day MTR ticket that costs HKD 50,  for you to ride the MTR freely all day, since the travelling to and fro Disneyland will cost you more than HKD 50, . :) We were focusing on the show rather than the rides, loves the Mickey awards show, Lion King show, the shopping (most clothes were on sale during that time XD). MUST : see the parade, all the princess was so fairy beautiful (around 4 5 pm), see the fireworks (at 8 pm). The food at the Royal Banquet was awful, the food at the cafe (unable to recall the name) on US Main street, near entrance, was good. :9 VERY RECOMMENDED. :D
Park was clean and small but people there was awful   cut the line like crazy, don't even know if they know how to stay on the line, people were behave bad  make hot weather feels worthSmoking everywhere Just my opinion, Chinese are not ready for DisneyWill not go back and will not recommend
I had my time went to Disneyland in Anneheim. Eventhough it was more than 10 years ago.. but seems Disneyland Anneheim is more attractive than Hongkong Disneyland. I also expect there will be more good play for the adults. Anyway this place is good just for walking around and spend about half day.. is more than enough
Hong Kong Disneyland was about the right size for our children of 11 and 6.   We visited in the summer so it was sunny and very hot (advice: bring an umbrella to privide some shade for yourself).   Given this and from a size perspective, we were able to see most of the park, went on a few rides and took some photos with a few characters waiting in line in the heat and saw the Parade and Stitch Encounter show.   We were not able to stay for the evening fireworks but perhaps next time.
A must see attraction on your first trip to Hong Kong.To make sure it's sweet and short, here are tips for you:  1 whole day is definitely enough to explore the magical place     Make sure it's a sunny day on your visit as I've been told parades are canceled when it's pouring.  Yes, it's a sunny day which means an umbrella should be brought for the walks from one magical ride to another.  As soon as you enter the area, get a map and plan your route as you don't want to miss meeting all those wonderful Disney characters during parades. There are 2 parades: 12nn HKT and 4pm HKT.  Fireworks display starts at 9PM HKT. Make sure you get a good spot in front as besides the fireworks, they also have a slideshow projected on the walls of Sleeping Beauty's castle which you won't see if you're at the back.  Food is expensive (At least for me, after converting price to local currency   PHP, I wanted to eat even the plate) ! They have 2 food courts which offer different cuisines. Asian (noodles and rice meals) and American ( fried chicken and burgers). They have food stands too which offer ice creams, pop corns, hotdogs, etc. The two piece fried chicken with rice and coke I ate for lunch costs 88HKD if I remember it right. Price range of meals are from 70HKD 100HKD. Food portion is good for 1 regular person with regular appetite. Haha! They do not serve hot sauce, only sweet chili sauce.  Food cannot be brought in so if you are on a budget you can save by buying 1 big bottle of water drink inside then keep the bottle as there are water fountains in the area. One can be found near Buzz Lightyear's area   before you enter the restrooms. One bottle of 12ml of orange juice costs 26HKD, but it really tasted good.  Hated the It's a Small World attraction. It's just 10 20 minutes but I don't see anything Disney about it. It's just all dolls, some of which, creeped me out. Looked like a ride from a very rusty carnival ride. Not a loss if you skip this, but if you have time and you wanted to rest, go ahead.It is, indeed, one of the happiest places on earth. Missing a visit to Hong Kong Disneyland is definitely a No No!
I went to Disneyland with my parents and my daughter. We went to Disneyland with a thought firmly in our mind   this will be so much fun for Grace, my 4 year old. We left feeling like it was one of the most fun days we'd all had...ever. From the moment you board the train to disney station with it's mickey mouse shaped windows, to the moment you see the castle, you honestly can feel the magic, maybe it's just the excitement radiating from the kids, but it feels like magic. The lines for the rides weren't more than 10 minutes, which was bearable, the staff were lovely, the rides fun...but the absolute highlight was the parade in the afternoon. For what felt about half an hour, though I really have no idea of time, dancers and Disney characters on floats entertained everyone..adults and children alike. In terms of rides....do NOT take your 4 year old on space mountain...she didn't cry, but I felt like her poor little neck would snap with each corner, but DO wait in the slightly longer line for the river cruise...very fun. Having never been to any of the other Disneylands, I can't compare...I imagine hong kong's version is a lot smaller....but I loved it. We spent a full day there and still could have done more. We'll be back to do the rest another time!! So cheap too...only about $45 Australian for an adult when we went...couldn't believe it!
After two visits to magic kingdom, my partner and i couldnt say no to a visit to Disneyland when we holidayed in Hong Kong. While it is nowhere near as good as the park in Orlando it is still very good. The fireworks show in true disney style was amazing and the new Toy Story land is awesome RC racer is now one of my favourite Disney rides! But it could use a splash mountain as it was very hot the day we went
Should I go back to Hong Kong, I'll spare a day to this magical place again. The music, the mascots, the parade, the foods, the fun rides, the train, the castle, the amazing fire works, the happy people, everyone brings our the child in them unafraid. Like it's back to the golden age :)
I am a Hongkonger and an international traveller. Heard from a number of local friends that HK Disneyland is, by comparision with those in other countries, far too small; thus is not as interesting and fun. That's why I only went there the 1st time recently ~ I totally enjoyed the whole day trip! Great Fun! 1) It offers all Disneyland fun activities in a nicely renovated and clean park. Why complain that it is small, as everyone knows that HK is small and almost anywhere is small ~ restaurants, shops etc. ? To look at it from another angle, you don't have to walk a long distance for another fun activity. It is fun after fun!2) Remember to arrive at 10:30 am to avoid the queue.3) If going with only adults, go with those who are joyful and has a heart of a child.Cheers!
By far, a great experience! The price is right, and if you are planning on going as a family more than once, buy the year pass, the expense was worth it   we are a family of 4, and by the second trip to HK Disneyland, the passes had already paid for themselves! The attractions are great; the Lion King show is incredible; the parades and fireworks were wonderful; and the food is good and VERY inexpensive. We have been to Disney World in Florida, USA, and it is SO busy and expensive. But Hong Kong Disneyland is not! If you go on a weekday, lines are short. My kids were 5 and 2 when we went, and they both loved it. Perfect size park for their ages. We got to see everything, every time we went, so we felt like we were really getting our money's worth. There are so many special things going on at the park, we went often because they really changed things up. For every holiday, especially the American ones and Chinese New Year, there was always something new and fun to experience! We have since moved back to the USA, but if we are ever in HK again, we will be going to Disneyland!
My daughter loved it. She was four then. Now she is 6 and she should be taking all the fun and myth better. Really look forward to go to Disney land with her again. The Disney hotel was fabulous. We like the room, the bath, and breakfast most. It was very exciting to meet Disney characters at breakfast in the hotel, though she was a bit afraid of Goofi. Her favorite was Mini, but the Mini in Disney Land was too like a star and cut short the photo session which she qued for a long time. She was very disappointed. Maybe we can get closer to Mini next visit.
Loved that it was so easy to get to via the MTR. As with anything of this nature  get there nice and early to beat the crowds. Make sure to take an umbrella with you if it is sunny as there's not alot of shady spots and it gets pretty hot out there! Great day out for the family!
I am a Hongkonger and an international traveller. Heard from a number of local friends that HK Disneyland is, by comparision with those in other countries, far too small; thus is not as interesting and fun. That's why I only went there the 1st time recently ~ I totally enjoyed the whole day trip! Great Fun! 1) It offers all Disneyland fun activities in a nicely renovated and clean park. Why complain that it is small, as everyone knows that HK is small and almost anywhere is small ~ restaurants, shops etc. ? To look at it from another angle, you don't have to walk a long distance for another fun activity. It is fun after fun!2) Remember to arrive at 10:30 am to avoid the queue.3) If going with only adults, go with those who are joyful and has a heart of a child.Cheers!
when you hear disneyland you would think its just for kids but i was able to convince my husband to try it too and we were glad we did it. it was such a great experience just walking around the park, watching the magic shows and lion king and eating at the themed restaurants.we were even able to take some of the rides too . watching the parade on the streets was so much fun also. suddenly , it felt like we were like kids again. the experience was worth it.
The place is just awesome for kids!My kids loved meeting the Sleeping Beauty and Snow White, and were thrilled when they got to chat with both of them, and have their picture taken with them.The rides are great, but the shows are the  must sees.  We saw  The Golden Mickey Awards  , the  Philharmagic Show  and the  Festival of the LIon King , and kids and adults alike had a great time.Ideally, you would need two days to do justice to this park  if you stay in HK Kowloon, the MTR comes right into the park, but the better option is to end your trip to Hong Kong in one of the two Disney Hotels in the park's vicinity, and spend two nights of bliss, uninterrupted by reality, as you visit the park in the day, and return to the hotel in the evening. The facilities  food, washrooms, water, strollers  are abundant and easily available.And don't miss the fireworks show  it's the icing on a big, beautiful cake!
Undoubtedly the best HKG has to offer to any travller. Amazing rides, character meets, great restaurants, cool shops. Once in a lifetime thing to do. You will also remember the great shows and charatcters you meet time to time. Disney's phillar magic show is the best.
the games are fine and well organized but prepare to face long queue for each attraction..
i had been to all disneyland in the world from LA, Japan, Paris and also DisneyWorld in Orlando. I. can say that HK. Disney is the smallest one but Me and my 6th years old daughter still have so much fun. i like it that it small and have a lot of rides for her. make the experience more magical. young adults probably get bored here easily cause they dont have the more adult kind of rides. I enjoy it though. The feeling I had looking at my daughter's faces while experience the park was priceless. we r able to try most rides and can go from one area to the others without getting to tired. the park also offer a lot of food to eat. the fireworks was the highlight of our trip. so entertaining and very nicely done. So overall very nice and magical experience. cant wait to visit it again.
fun experience for family with young kids... the rides are meant only for young kids... pre teens, specially...great for little ones... in the shops, parents can buy anything and everything to pamper their kids.what i really liked is the disney train.. decorated with mickey memorabilia...the fireworks at the end of the day are fabulous... disney parade is something to be looked forward to...
We are adults and we enjoyed it. If you have kind, it will be a magical day for them. Most attractions are meant for kids except the new attraction in Toy Story land, might be a bit challenging for small kids. If you are an adult looking for thrilling attraction, perhaps HK Disney is not the right place for you.Will visit again once I have kids, or perhaps will try the one in Japan to experience bigger Disney.Try to be there anytime beside summer. I guess it will be more romantic. Not sweating like hell. :p
Hong Kong Disneyland is much smaller than other disneyland in the world, which also means it does not have much facilities. There are three years already since my last visit to HK Disneyland, I heard that they opened a new land so I went there again just to chill with friends. Using the standard of world Disneyland, this one in HK is a bit lower than average but it is still an attraction worth going with family. From a point of view, this place should be see as a magical kingdom that help you seek for your childhood memory instead of excitement. If you want to have fun on roller coaster, please go to Ocean Park. Hong Kong Disneyland is a place more for chilling, to watch the shows, to walk around the street or to enjoy a time with your kids. By The Way, a new area will be open in this coming July. * Tickets will be HKD398 for adults now*
Hong Kong Disney is much smaller than most Disneys which makes it a great choice for families with smaller children. Most of the rides are for children younger than 10, with no roller coasters or thrill rides for larger children or teens. As expected, the park itself is clean and happy with great food and a lovely parade.
The good feeling starts when we enter the Disney train from Sunny Bay station. What a very nice train with Mickey's windows. The color and ornaments within the train are really 'Disney'. The park itself is not too big but well maintained. Really enjoy the Pooh story and Mickey Show. Unfortunately during the holiday season, there is always long queue everywhere.
The best feeling I had for a long time when I visited the Disneyland and I was first standing in the lane to have picture taken with the Mickey and Minnie and hunders of people behing me. ( I do hate lanes in Asia)I am an adult but I always loved the Mickey and Minnie Mouse so I also went to see the great show Golden Mickey.I should't walk to purchased the pictures as I end up with stunning limited edition Mickey leather watch with Swarovski Crystals.This place you must visit no matter what age you are or if you have kids or not.I think, I was more excited to visit this place than my daughter.
This park was perfect for my self and my 2.5 year old daughter. Excellent value as under 3s are free, but my daughter enjoyed it so much I would have happily paid.We spent 1 day doing rides and one day seeing the shows and parade plus a few more rides. The only ones we missed were the rc racer, parachute drop and space mountain due to my daughters size. Everything else was perfect for her, and her face lit up without fail.Meeting the characters was great as you can use your own camera and they really interact with small children, never felt rushed by them. Be aware though that they will go off for short 5 minute breaks frequently, just remember, they need to drink too!The food was park food, bit of everything, more expensive than in town, but given entry is so cheap, I guess they need to make it up somewhere. Bring a drink bottle as you vpcan fill them up near the toilets there is a drinking water tap.If you are there on opening go down the road to the right of the castle, we managed to ride the tea cups and small world twice as most of the guests go towards the castle.If you only see one show definitely choose the lion king, wow!The staff were all great, handing out stickers to children behaving themselves, my daughter got loads. I think there is a slight bias towards westerners as we always seemed to get a bit more compared to other guests.Guard your place in the queue! People from mainland china, including children, will push their way to the front, even saying their mum is up ahead (they were never there). To the Disney staff credit they did not allow them in and there would be a MSG regarding queue jumping over the pa.Please stay for the fireworks! We did both nights and because the transport is so efficient we were back to hong kong island by 9.It was perfect for my daughters age, those with older children may want more adventure!
Excellent place to hang out with Family and Kids.Many attractions Tomorrowland Fantasy land and Adventureland are a sure shot dont miss spots.The Flights of Fantasy parade cannot be missed with all Disney Characters dancing around.The Toyland is a new addition to the disneyland and in times to come more rides are an addition.Disneyland the most memorable venue of the trip to Hong Kong.
Had been to both the Paris and Florida Disney before this, and as people say it's not nearly as big as it is in the US, but it still has all the Disney Magic and is a great day out. Unlike the Florida Disney, you can get round this park in a full day. What stood out about this park for me and what is has on the other parks, is that it's far more modern, cleaner, and more importantly the queue times were never more than 10 minutes. We went on a weekday, so can't comment about weekends.Yes it's smaller, but it's still magic!
Best for the kids. Go for the outdoor rides in the morning, then at noon, go to the shows and back to the outdoor rides in the late afternoon towards the evening and then watch the parade at 3pm and the fireworks at 8PM. Bring umbrellas if you visit during summer. It   s quite hot. The coolest place to stay is Adventure land due to lots of trees. The hottest is Toy Story Land. The rides are enjoyable for my 5yo daughter but for my 11 yo son, the rides are less appealing except for space mountain. Let your kids drive in Autopia to give them a feel on driving. The shows are OK but very helpful during noon since these areas are air conditioned. Just enter souvenir stores in case you need to cool down. With kids, you need at least 2 days to let them enjoy the place. If you want American food, go to Tommorowland.
It meet our expectation based on review on this theme park despite we think it is smaller than Universal Studio S'pore. Do not attempt to bring any food item inside as the security personnels stationed at the entrance will check every bag and will remove the food item. Overall the rides are in working condition and well maintained, most of the toilets are spotless despite huge crowd around the area.The crowd control need to be improved as visitors from across the other side of the border having problem to stand and wait in the line. Disney merchandise shops located at every single park and it's where Disneyland printing the HKD, people who collect the Disney momentos will find every single item with any of the Disney's character.
I went to Disneyland on a free ticket so I can't complain on price. Though I would admit its a bit pricey considering that most things are quite cheap in Hong Kong. First of all, please understand that Hong Kong is a small place. If you look at the apartments that most people live in, you would probably find that the toilet in your house in the States is bigger than their bedrooms. Disneyland Hong Kong has inherited that trait, and it is small. But for it's size, it does offer as much of the magic from Disneyland that it can fit. The parade's are done quite nicely, and almost every area of the park is used up to entertain it's visitors. Most of the rides are always in working order (as opposed to Disneyland Paris) and though shorter than what is offered in the States, it's quite entertaining. I was extremely pleased with the Disney in the Stars fireworks display. In fact, it's so nicely done that Disney HK actually offers fireworks only entry tickets for certain local tours.The bottom line is, if you expected a Disneyland experience like the one in the US, you would be quite disappointed. But for people in Asia who has never been to a Disneyland or can't afford to go all the way to the States, this would probably be as close as you can get to an international Disneyland experience (Tokyo Disneyland is setup to cater to Japanese speaking people so I would hardly call it international).
If you have small kids, you have never been to another Disneyland and you are in Hong kong you will love this place. Small, but slick and clean. If you have been to California you will be disappointed but only because you will compare... The slick train system will get you there and buy your tickets online before you go to have a seamless time.
I am a huge Disney fan and one of my goals is to visit all their parks (Only Japan is left). Disney Hong Kong was a big disappointment to me! It started out right; the entrance had all the Disney  WOW  factor but the minute you near the Castle you'll start to notice that everything is  lower  scale! there are very limited number of attractions, no shows or parades to speak of, staff members where so not interested or in the Disney  spirit , there was somehow a general lack of that feeling you get when you go to a Disney park! Food? Very ,limited and what we tasted was pretty bad! For me, it was just something to tick off my list but to be honest, I won't be recommending it to people to go if they have a choice of another Disney destination!
Well, I guess this is one of those must visit attractions if you are holidaying with kids... or at least for those who are young at heart :) Disneyland Hong Kong is quite some way out of the city, requiring more than 30min on the MTR depending on where you start your journey from. However, the special coaches on the Disney MTR line is quite a nice touch.It is not a very big park, but I suppose you get the usual suspects in what a Disneyland entails. Don't bother bringing your own beverages as they are not allowed into the park. Food prices in the park are generally pricier than those in the city, and there are plentiful of food you can get within the park. The rides are, well, OK I guess. Nothing too exhilarating except maybe for the new  pirate ship  ride in the Toy Story land. Stay on until 8pm at night to watch the daily fireworks display over Sleeping Beauty's castle, that's probably going to be the most memorable thing to remember your Disneyland visit by but remember to grab yourself a good vantage point a little early.A full day's visit would probably be sufficient, I don't really see the need to spend a night in one of the hotels in the park unless you really want to take things slowly. All in all, an enjoyable trip nonetheless, especially for the kids of course.
I've not been to any Disneyland before so wasn't sure what to expect. But I was pleasantly surprised and had an amazing day!We went on a Monday in June, so the crowds weren't too big. In the mornings the queue's for rides etc were quite long, but after lunch most of the queue's were around 5 minutes. This Disneyland seemed quite focused on small kids, so most of the rides are aimed that way. But Space Mountain was definitely the highlight for me, so much fun we went more than once!There seemed to be a lack of characters just walking around, but there was apparently a timetable of where characters would be, so if you have kids track that down!I was pleasantly surprised by the food   I was expecting dodgy themepark food, but the quality was actually not bad, a little expensive but not extortionate.
HK Disneyland is VERY similar to California's Disneyland, but missing some vital rides and areas. It is much smaller and you can get thru the whole park in an afternoon. Toy Story land was awesome and I liked it better than Toon Town in California's Disneyland. Tomorrowland is fun and there was NEVER a line for Space Mountain. My husband and I went on it 6 times in a row. No need for fast pass. This is also where you can buy a hamburger, corn dog, hot dog or french fries if you're not in the mood for Chinese food. Fantasyland is also similar and it was cute, but this area was busy. I still have no idea why the wait time for Pooh's story ride was 45 minutes. Adventureland was no adventure. No real rides except the Jungle Cruise. Two new lands are coming and I hope they contain something similar to New Orleans Square. Disneyland is just not Disneyland without Pirates of the Caribbean and the Haunted Mansion. We had a fun time even though the park was small. There were also no Mickey ears like in California, but shopping was still fun. The cost to get in was worth it (lots cheaper than California), just don't expect everything and have fun with what they do have!
Boarding the Disney  Mickey Mouse  train from Sunny Bay already made me smile & excited, Seeing the signage made me young again, it was my childhood dream finally coming true,, entering the park was another, we all had a fantastic time inside, trying all our favored rides, food drinks, shopping inside as the store clerks & sales personnel were all accommodating & pleasant. The Disney parade was spectacular, capping the highlight was our photo ops with my fave Disney character MIcke & Minnie Mouse, the crew was so kind to let each of us take solo & group pictures. We had so much fun that we all left the park with fond memories & momentos.
small disney and only 1 day is good enough. good for small kids, won't feel too tired to play a disney like this.
We had a great fun with my 4 yr old. It was a magical day for him. It was raining throughout the day. Try to avoid rainy days, we didnt have the choice but if you can plan, then avoid the rainy season.
Firstly, get a 2 day ticket! On the first day, watch all the shows, my kid's favorite was the 4D philmagic show ( check their showtimes and get a map!) if you have below 8 year old kids, the lines for their rides are longer in the mornings ( ie: fantasy land's Cinderella carousel, jumbo ride etc..). If you can, scheduled those in the evenings.Go to tomorrow land, adventure land and toy storyland in the mornings, because those are very full in the evenings( more than 30 minutes waiting time). Do catch the fantasy parade, best to be there early to get the best views :), also stay till night time for the spectacular fireworks!Get there early too to get good views. On the second day, take pictures will all of your favorite characters, the lines will be long and limited. If you did not manage to catch them, do ask the cast member character body guards, when they will appear next. Be ready and on time to avoid long queue. Next, go on the rides you missed in day 1 or go for seconds or thirds. June was particularly hot, the best ice creams were those near the  small world  attraction. Tips:1. Go to the park early, it formally opens at 10.30 but you can go in by 10 and queue up to take photos with mickey and minnie. 2. Security will check your bags for food and beverages; but you can bring mineral water bottles in. 3. For those looking for halal food, go to Tahitian terrace in Adventureland; it was just certified halal in April 2012. The food pretty good, esp the briyani , although a bit salty. 4. If planning to stay in the park morning night, get the 3in1 meal voucher at magic access customer service or at ticket counter. you save 20% on food and drinks for lunch, dinner and a snack.5. Please come early if you want to rent a stroller, the ques there seems never ending. 6. Do be prepared to guard your line, there will be some people trying to jump queue. 7. Skip the train ride, i forgot the name but it takes you around the park. it was super boring. But you can see many people queuing up for it. 8. You can refill your water bottle at certain washroom places. Found one near small world and toy story land. 9. The price of merchandise in the park is similar to the ones in the Disney Hotel and the airport. Only the park has more in variety. 10. Talk to the staff  cast members and ask for free Disney stickers :)My family and i loved this place very much! The staff here are very friendly and helpful. I hope the tips above will help you one way or another. To complete the Disney experience, try staying at the Disneyland hotel, your princess will love the   Make a princess  photography session, a bit pricey but worth it :). The Disney princesses also make several appearances in this hotel.And if you're visiting HK city and looking for halal food, try  Ziafat  1 min from MTR Tsim sha tshui exit near the mosque. Best briyani :) Halal food in Hong Kong is a bit pricey but taste good. Read in blogs that the French fries and fillet o fish in HK is fried using vegetable oil. Bring instant noodles, bread and brahim's to save some cost.
We spent and entire day there and it was still not enough. This was my first visit to Disneyland so it was a great experience for me. First the Disney train to take you to Disneyland impressed me. I also dont go on rides but my friends forced me to and it was exciting but wont try it again. I took photo's with all special Disney characters. Both kids and adults will enjoy it. If i had a chance to go back..i definitely would and take my kids along too.
Great experience for kids and seniors alike. Place is well maintained and staff are very good charming and helpful. Ensure to buy 2 Days pass. Jungle adventure zone is my favourite, while afternoon parade is simply amazing. Afternoon time may feel bit hot, wud advise to wrap up some shopping in airconditioned shops at this period. Last but not the least the most exclusive and special show stopper is the light show and fireworks at 8 O' clock , your visit to Dineyland is incomplete if you dont stay till the end to witness this awesome spectacular show.Three cheers...i just loved it. Sure to visit again.
A great experience for entire family. The park is perfect sized for young kids as their is not a lot of walking and there is a wide range of rides and experiences. Suggest going in evening, the last 2 hours there was no wait on any ride, even Space Mountain, can cover 5 hours worth of rides in 2 hours or less.
i suggest instead of giving it just a day,rather one should stay there for atleast 2 days to enjoy the disney magic to the fullest.Loved the courtesy of the staff over there.Food is available for purchase but will cost a good deal on your pocket.No problems to be faced at all by differently abled.
This is my second visit to HK Disneyland the fist time was August 2008.The newest additional attraction in Hong Kong Disneyland is the Toy Story Land its amazing and lovely.The Jungle Cruise is truly a remarkable experience..Its my personal favorite.The Festival of the Lion King in Adventureland show is amazing stage show with the music, dance ,colorful customes and Great Performers. I love the Flights Fantasy Parade too it lasted about 45 minutes its truly magical..Although this is the smallest Disneyland compared to US and Japan.There are a lot of things to see and do in HK Disneyland you won   t be able to cover all areas for a day.Lastly, Dont forget the firework show its truly enchanting! Indeed, Disneyland is a great place to visit, this is the placewhere Your childhood fantasy comes alive.
If u want to feel being young again, try to visit Disneyland if u get to visit Hongkong. It only takes a train ride to get there if you are from the city. If u want to experience everything about Disneyland, it is advisable to spend a day to ride, see and experience everything as u will experience long lines on the rides especially on weekends. Its a great place to visit if you are on a tour with kids!
We   ve been to Hong Kong Disneyland every year for the last 3 years.Once again my son requested to go there on his tenth birthday.For the first time is birthday day was on the day we went to Disneyland, but they don   t have nothing special for birthday, except the badge that he got when we checked in at the hotel.To get there just take the MTR and change in Sunny Bay to the Disneyland line. Kids will love to ride in a MTR with windows Mickey shaped.Ticket is expensive but it includes all the rides   Even though the place is quite small, you still need one full day to visit it all, especially because of the waiting. If you want to cover the whole park I would suggest that you arrive there early and plan your visit.Check the times of the parade, which is quite nice, and the live shows, like Golden Mickeys and Lion King. And check the language you want for the Stitch show. This time my daughter only went for the Golden Mickeys, but the others are nice too.You can meet and take photos with Disney characters, but do check the times in the program if you don   t want to miss it. In the Garden, you can find Minnie, Mickey, Pooh, Donald and Goofy, almost all day, but in other places, like the Princesses they have a schedule.Princesses some times are on the back of the souvenir shop inside the castle, on the way to Adventure land. We just meet Rapunzel there by chance.My kids, especially my daughter (7 years) loves to meet the princesses, talk to them and take photos with them. She doesn   t mind waiting in line for more than 30 minutes just to see them really close.They were advertising a lot the new Toy Story Land in TV so we were expecting a lot more than it has to offer: only 3 rides and only one suitable for kids, the Slinky(?) dog ride.My son loves the Autopia, but the waiting was always around 45 to 60 minutes with Chinese cutting the line...Phillarmagis is nice, you don   t need to wait a lot, it is a 4D show and kids love it.Winnie the Pooh Bookstory is also nice and I recommend that you take some fast pass tickets in the machine, go for other rides and come back later. They should have the same in Autopia   Astroblaster is a boy   s thing to shoot at the space invaders, and my son also loves it and it was quite empty so he went on for a lot of rides!Also in Tomorrowland (near Astroblaster) they have a space for kids to play with water and my kids love to play there and get all wet. It is a nice place to refresh as it is always hot and humid in this time of the year.Both my kids love Small World and the firework with music at the end of the day.The place is too crowded and Chinese   s like to cut lines and just glue to your back if you are in the line in front of them.Food is expensive and not that good (we had lunch in Corner Caf  . The character shaped pasta only had one or two Mickey shaped, all the others were normal penne, with a canned tomato sauce. My daughter could not eat it   Remember to wear comfortable shoes as you will be walking around from one place to other.
A lot of people say don't bother because it isn't very big, but we found it to be okay. Maybe if you have older children, there mighn't be enough for them, but if you have younger children it was be great. Sure it isn't on the scale of the American parks, but I don't think it was ever meant to be. The staff were very friendly overall. The value was good, and for anyone from Australia wishing to take their children to Disneyland, I don't think you could go wrong taking them here if you don't have the budget to go to America. Entry fees are very reasonable and the train to the park from Hong Kong is fantastic for the children with its mickey mouse windows etc.
To reach the place by MTR, drop on Sunny Bay which is just one stop before Tung Chung station.From there you need to look for Disneyland train. Expect to spend a whole day here. Lots of walking, and will be hard due to humid and hot weather on the area. Make sure you bring umbrella and drink plenty of water, the drink here are expensive.First thing to do is to go to Tomorrowland and try Space Mountain   mini roller coaster. Skip the rest of Tomorrowland and go straight to Toy Story land and ride the RC racer. And then the last one is Adventureland with the Jungle River Cruise. That is folks...
We have been here a few years ago. This time it was on a Tues. Wed. Almost no lines for anything we wanted to do or see. Only sort of long line was for Autopia    but after we waited for 10 minute, the ride cancelled due to thunder and lightning. I went with my 11 and 15 yr olds. The park is very compact, not long walk for anything really.Food is pretty good, having lots of choices. Food price isn't too high, consider it is inside a theme park.3:30 parade and 8pm firework shows are must see!Study the show times ahead and plan yr tour in the park, you can save much time and walking that way.
I spent 2 weeks in China   it was an amazing trip but I never saw the Chinese people laugh, giggle, smile, or just seem to really have fun until I went to Hong Kong Disneyland and then they were just like everyone else in the world. Disneyland is magical   it can't be beat. The train out there is beautiful with the Mickey windows. The station is gorgeous. Disney always does it right. So glad they are adding more rides to the Park but they have 3 rides that the other Parks don't have and they are good!!!! Can't wait for Shanghai Disney to open.
As an Aussie, my fiance and I visited Disneyland in Anahiem for the first time in our 20's and we LOVED it, so much so that we returned another time a year later. Im a big Disney fan girl.However, Hong Kong Disneyland was a huge disappointment. It started off promising, we got there by the MTR and was excited to see it had special Mickey shaped windows on the train and hand rails on the roof. We got there and the station seemed impressive...then it started to rain. Ok, cant help bad weather I guess. It turned torrential so we had to buy ponchos to keep dry, and as the line to buy tickets was LONG we were rained on for about 30 45mins before even getting inside.I was drenched by the time I did get in, and the lines were very long. That wasnt so bad, but people constantly pushing in the line that day was getting more than annoying. At the Anahiem Disneyland, all staff members are refered to as the  crew  as everyone is in character, even the ride attendants and people in the shops, everyone is super happy and friendly. Not in Hong Kong, no one was in character and there was no Disney  vibe  at all. It was very disappointing.Not only that, but I was the only one in our group who had been to a Disneyland before, so I was talking up how great it was going to be, and of course everyone else in my group had been dreaming of going to Disneyland since they were kids. They hated it. I tried to tell them this HK one was just terrible, but the one in Anahiem is amazing but they wont listen, they wont be going to Disneyland again after such a bad day at Hong Kong's Disneyland.Lonely Planet's description is spot on, give it a miss unless you have very small children. Only they will like it. Maybe. Its all just a merchandising opportunity at the Hong Kong Disneyland. Its tiny, doesnt have many rides and only has a few of the great rides such as Space Mountain.I would not rate Hong Kong Disneyland, just give it a miss, and I say this as someone who LOVED my 3 day trip to Anahiem Disneyland in my 20's. HK's version of the  happiest place on earth  was very disappointing and there is no atmosphere or happiness whatsoever.
I was told by so many people to visit Ocean Park instead, but I love Disney and was intent on visiting Disneyland. As Disneyland's go, this one is quite small, but nevertheless, we had a wonderful day here!We went the week before Christmas, and everything was kitted out for the 'Enchanted Christmas' which was really nice with. The queues weren't bad at all between 5 30 minutes so not much to complain about. There is a brand new Toy Story Land which is quite cool too!If you want photos with the princesses make sure you get there early as they are really strict with the times. If you've visited other bigger ones and aren't a Disney fanatic, you might be unimpressed but you can't help but have a wonderful day if you're at Disney. I'll be going back!
use the fastpass to plan your day so you dont end up waiting too long in line. simply collect the fast pass during its distribution hours and come back later for the ride. my 3yo enjoyed its a small world, buzz astro blasters and the jungle cruise the most
Disneyland Hk is a great place to visit  wear comfortable clothes when you go there.you need a day to see everything.i enyoy the rides just as much as my friends did.My favorite experience is the Phillarmagic mickey speak cantonese but with translation..We really had fun
Went to HK Disneyland for a Father & Son trip for 4 days (flew from the middle east)   was initially worried reading other reviews about the small size of park and lack of a lot of attractions. I was pleasantly surprised at how wonderful the experience was! Firstly the location and the beautiful settings of the park are un matched to the other Disney Venues.The lovely MTR metro station and train with Mickey Windows are a treat to ride on...The Parade is simply breathtaking (and I've been to the Christmas Disney parade in the US) ... The get the kids involved and it's really unique.Most amazing part were the shows  the Lion King  cannot be missed and the Golden Mickeys.The positives were the short queues (except for autodome) all the others were very manageable   infact for  Its a small world  and  Buzz Lightyears  there was NO queue and we went during the summer holidaysLoved the Park! Would recommend it to all!
This Disney park is the smallest of the 3 Disney parks I have visited but it is also the least crowded (on weekdays) so you get to experience everything in a short amount of time. You only need a day to see everything, if the park is not too crowded. I took my mom there when she came to visit us and she enjoyed the rides just as much as the kids did. The Space Mountain ride here is less, I would say, traumatic, haha, of the rides. The Orlando one is kind of scary and the Paris one kind of sprained my neck. So, I enjoyed this one the best. The only downside of the park is that on crowded days there are a lot of mainlanders visiting and will try to cut in line and push their way in which is really annoying. Just come prepared and chill. The rides are few but fun and the new Toy Story part is great. One tip: on crowded days use the single lines and you will get on the ride faster. Since my kids are now older and yes, they do still enjoy Disney, we were able to do that. The best and favorite experience is the Phillarmagic show, do not miss this one and we like the Golden Mickeys because we get a kick of hearing Mickey speak Cantonese (with translation, of course). All in all, it  s good fun.
Muslim visitors can now enjoy in park meals at Tahitian Terrace, located at Adventure Land of the park. Food was delicious and most importantly certified halal by local Hong Kong Muslim organization.
I was a big fan of Disney as a kid and was really looking forward to my first visit to Disneyland and I was not disappointed. I was told however that the Disneyland HK is not as big as the parks in the US and you are able to do it in one day, which you can. The park is impeciable and the staff could not be friendlier. The rides and attractions were also very good, but please keep in mind they are more aimed towards young children.
Every little kids dream is to go Disneyland. The place is very dreamy enchanting and I like it.
was there and felt that the ticket price was just not worth it. disney is so far out that i felt i was travelling to another country but my kids did love it, getting to come face to face with their favourite disney characters and getting picture taken
Small and too crowded.  Meals and drinks are also ridiculously expensive.  If you have visited the one in USA or Japan, you can save your time for some other attractions.
Its Disney, but not as you know it !! it is not as big as the ones in the USA, but still a great place for the kids, probably better photo oportunity with the characters than in the USA
My son keeps coming back to Disneyland and this time he was happy to visit Toy Story Land. Although there are only 3 rides for now, he still had fun. Of course his Disney visit wouldn't be complete without riding entering his favorites: Autopia, Astroblasters, Jungle Cruise, Philarmagic.
For thrill seeker try the space mountain ride in the tomorrowland and the RC Racer in the Toy Story Land.. they were funnnn..
I've been to the Paris, Anaheim, Orlando and Tokyo Disneylands and sadly the Hong Kong site is the worst by a long shot. The park is super small and doesn't have the same scope of services that it's competitor Ocean Park has to offer and certainly compared to the other Disneylands   it's a snapshot experience at best. Perhaps this is due in part to being part owned by the Hong Kong government and the geographic constraints of where it's built   doesn't matter, skip it unless the little ones are in tow.
Do not believe this park is small and can be covered in few hours if you plan to fully utilize what the park has to offer. I found myself rushing from attraction to attraction and still cannot complete the park in one day! So my advise is go as early as the park opens, and plan your timing wisely.Grab a copy of the show times and plan your route wisely. I suggest going for the live performances first (Lion King & Golden Mickey Show) which are good world class performances. The Stitch show is enjoyable too which is shown in different languages, therefore check in advance which language is used at which timing at the entrance. Then complete the rides at your leisure. I barely had time to pop food in my mouth as I went along. The fireworks at ends the day is magical too. I had a great time and the entrance fee is not expensive if you fully utilize what the park has to offer. :)
It was my first time ever to Disneyland. We arrived late but we still manage to catch the parade and also took pictures with a few disney's character.   The fire work was awesome~!
For Kids and Kids at heart. In my opinion, the park is worth more than I paid for.
Hong Kong have done themselves proud with with their own version of Disney Land, albeit micro sized to the real thing back in Anaheim. The park is easy accessible for all, with most signs in English. Unfortunately a lot of the rides lack compared to the American version but there is still  It's a Small World  for the child like adulthood at heart, and for the adventure seekers wanting that bit of rush of excitement head to  Space amounts in.  There are various food vendors and food courts scattered throughout the park which offer Western & Eastern styled delicacies. Entrance is slightly less compared to theme parks in Australia. Best ways to get there are by cab (reminder blue for Lan Tau Island) or via The MTR. Would definitely recommend this PRk as must see in top 10 things to do whilst on Hong Kong.
Smaller than US parks but still fun. Toy Story land was a real treat and unlike anywhere else. People were friendly and easy to get around. If you are a Disney Fan it is fun to see.
I recently reviewed Universal Studios in Singapore, and I just thought I'd review the one that I compared USS with. I went here before I even went to Universal Studios, and I found it more cheerful, to say the least, to commute to HK Disneyland because of their very own train   windows shaped like mickey's ears included. Going to Disneyland, and going home from it, were easy   they have their own MRT line. One plus, I think, of HK Disneyland is that the tickets are very much accessible   we purchased ours in a convenience store near where we were staying. Getting to the amusement park was a bit longer than it should have been, there was an unnecessary walk from the train drop off to the entrance of the amusement park itself. The lawn bushes that were shaped like the Disney characters did not help at all in lifting our energies up. However, when we got there, we were pretty anxious already. What I did not like the most in HK Disneyland was not the long queues for the rides, but the long queues for the photo ops with the Disney characters. As compared Universal Studios, they only had photo ops in ONE area in HK disneyland   so pretty much every person who wanted a picture flocked there. We ended up having a picture with just Goofy because of all the lines. I will not write about the rides because of the different preferences of the people, but I can say that HK does a so so job in catering to the preferences of the guests. The rides had long queues, and there were not enough rides to divide the people's attention. With the expansion of the Toy Story area, I hope that HK Disneyland continues with the expansion so that it would cater to the daily traffic that they received. I read somewhere that HK Disneyland is operating at a loss, and I can see why. There was just simply not enough rides to make people go back.  Happiest place on Earth     for just one day. The parade, however, somewhat made the entrance fee worth it as this America imported amusement park does not disappoint with the parade. It was very much lively, and it featured all the characters that people were expecting to see. The parade participants that weren't on the floats were even interacting with the guests with unending charisma all throughout the parade. As compared to Universal Studios in Singapore, the souvenir stores here are priced decently. They had adorable items   but I think thats just because Disney characters are an easier sell as compared to random characters from Universal Studios. Rides, however, are a totally different story; as I mentioned earlier. The one thing that made all that walking worthwhile was the fireworks display that happens promptly at 7PM. You'll see people flocking Cinderella's castle because the view is best from there. It did not disappoint as the famous Disneyland fireworks display was simply breathtaking. If it's anything, simply go to Disneyland in the afternoon and wait for the display! All in all, Hong Kong's disneyland was an okay attraction. However, as I mentioned, I think its something I will visit just once in my life   not unless they expand beyond the Toy Story land.
I went on Sunday, it was too crowded and the weather was too hot. I can see long queue everywhere, basically you have to queue for almost everything under the hot sun! Kids would love there as they can see a lot of disney character. I love the lion king opera the most~ Food selling in disneyland is good enough but the price is not cheap.
Definitely the cleanest of all the Disney Parks.  Very easy to navigate through and cheaper ticket price than the rest.  I love this location.  I'll be back soon.
Pros: Brings you back to your childhood memories. Great fun.  Cons: Queues, queues, queues to every single ride. Most rides are designed for kids.  My 2 cents worth: Head towards the furthest attraction, and plan your way to the exit entrance to avoid the crowd.
I went to Disneyland with my parents who were on their late 60's. Truly enough, Disneyland is not only for the young ones ..My elders enjoyed the train, the parade, the shows and most of all the fireworks!By the way, don't forget to wear comfortable shoes or sandals since you will enjoy walking around the place. And always ready your camera for taking pictures. Finally, don't forget to visit Mickey Mouse. Minnie Mouse, Goofy, Winnie the Pooh, Donald Duck and others at the Disney Garden.
Amazing. Thats all that can be said. A lot smaller that it's other counterparts but every bit the disney experience. If you're an avid disney fan just like me, the Disney stores will leave your wallets sore!
great place for family holiday especially children.
This was really fantastic amusement park, full of enjoyment. On the way to Disneyland, the train was decorated with Disney characters. Before entering,the staff conducted checking on your bags & belonging for security purposes. The park is really huge and spacious, we spend almost 7 hours inside but still didn't manage to visit all of it. As we expected, the photo session with Mickey & Minnie is the longest & do expect they will take a break for '3 5minutes' alternately but we still managed to get photos Mickey & Minnie together. Disney parade was the most enjoyable as most of the characters dancing and singing along.Shows & rides in Disneyland does not required additional charges but you need to queue with patiently. Do not forget to watch spectacular firework show by 8pm when they are closing. This is one of the most attractive show.
Definitely worth a visit, even if it's not a patch on Florida... The parade is great, and there is always something going on... We didn't have any kids with us, but was a great day out nonetheless.
Admittedly, food in theme parks are not that cheap. If you're looking for yummy yet not so expensive food around HK Disneyland, trek to the Starliner diner and grab some of those chicken wings. They are the yummiest in Disneyland! Hot french fries complete the tandem with this finger licking chicken wings. The serving is generous and can fill a hungry tummy. But if you have space for more, go for another round of these chicken wings while at Disney.
Do go for the adventure land in house show Lion King. Pretty entertaining, worth the value!
Fellow travellers. I write as a guide to my experience with HK Disneyland. Some 3 months ago I contacted Disneyland Reservation Centre via email and I told them we are coming to Hong Hong and visiting Disneyland on May 21st especially because it was my granddaughter's 4th birthday and if there is anything we can do to make her birthday a little more special. Reservation wrote back to me a week later and said if I order a cake with them Mickey Mouse and friends will bring it to our table for a sing along, as we are having our lunch at the Enchanted Garden Restaurant. When we got to HK on 14 05 12 I rang them to order the cake I was then told all the above were not true because the Enchanted Garden Restaurant does not open on weekdays and Mickey cannot enter into any of the other restaurants. Is this the normal functioning Disneyland? Was the promise a mere attracting for us to go to HK? I could not think of anything else.While we were there we noticed a little, perhaps 5 years old Chinese girl who was too frighten to get on the Flying Dumbo ride so her mother took her off the ride. On their return to the rest of the family I noticed the little girls father really gave her a few hard slaps on her face. I approached the father and told him he had no rights to hit her like that. The whole family obvious couldn't understand English because they just ignored me. I approached a ground staff and I asked him to call security. He asked me why so I told him of what I have seen and pointed the father out to him. He, unbelievably, told me that there is nothing he could or will do about it. I can understand that Hong Kong now rely more on the rich tourism from mainland China more so than from the European countries but this is unthinkable. Disneyland is suppose to be a place for all children to enjoy themselves without fear of anything but yet the employers within cannot offer them the slightest protection. Hong Kong for me again? Not in this life time. By the way, I was born there.
Its not as big as Disneyland but has the same quality, shows and rides. It was busy but the wait for rides and shows was significantly less than Disneyland.
just brilliant need 2 days. 1 day to look around ,then 2nd to do the shows.
Disneyland Hongkong is very huge and there are many rides that you can enjoy there. You need to go there since morning to get all the attractions and rides. There is Disney's parade at 4 pm and it's quite nice. When I went there there is a big storm at 6 pm that makes everybody needs to get out from the rides and find a safely place.
We went with our 3 year old son, and he had a blast.The adults were however somewhat disappointed with the small size, the relatively low number of attractions in the space provided, and the insane overprice of all food items inside the park. The food was reasonable in quality, although nothing special.The worst however was that the toilets were overly dirty. Having so many mainland Chinese visitors, park management should know that mainland Chinese men do not bother to lift the toilet seat before leaking, and that they have some sort of spreading device attached, distributing the urine evenly everywhere (outside the toilet). The toilets there are simply disgusting, without exception. Some additional cleaning staff would do wonders for sure. been there done that, I see no reason to go back unless my son nags me too much about it.
Unforgettable experience. Bring back childhood memories.
This was my first trip to a Disneyland but we really went for our two year old son. Loved how clean it was and how there were so many friendly staff, who also hand out stickers to the kids. We went on a week day, so the queues were very short especially in the morning (we got there around 11am I think). There were lots of rides our little boy could enjoy (he is a bit of a thrill seeker though) which was the main thing I was wondering about before we went.We didn't buy tickets beforehand, but I think we got lucky as didn't have to queue at all to buy them from the booth there. Probably should have done that as I'm sure the queues to get in would get significant. We took the MTR there and the Disneyland Express, which was cute with it's Mickey Mouse shaped windows and plush seats, but more importantly it was very easy and cheap, and didn't take too long (around half an hour from Kowloon).Use the Fast pass if possible for the busy rides   as you feel pretty clever when come back and skip the queue. I was amazed at all the extra space allocated for the queues (which was empty when we went) so was really glad that we only once had to wait for more than 10 mins all day. I'd say if you went on a busy day the queues would turn it into a very long day especially for the kids.We took our own stroller, which you have to leave outside before you queue up. I don't mind this as not a flash one (obviously take everything out of it), but if you are worried you might be better to hire a stroller there. The strollers you can hire looked pretty good as they are big, rugged ones so would be great to hire even for a five year old (or older) if you think they will get tired.The best part of our day was when our little boy got to meet his heroes from Toy Story. What a priceless reaction   he was so excited and happy. The obliging staff took lots of photos on our own camera too so we can show him in years to come. The food was expensive, but you expect that from a Theme Park. You do get all your bags searched upon entering too, as not able to take in your own food. However with our toddler they were fine with his own food, snacks, and bottles. Surprisingly the toys were quite a bit cheaper than we thought they would be, so our lucky boy ended up with both a Woody and a Jessie toy. The only thing we didn't do was stay until the fireworks at the very end. This was a shame however we figured the train would get pretty busy as soon as they were over, and it would make it a very long day for a little boy. We didn't want to push our luck and ruin a brilliant day by a tantrum on a busy train! Overall a great time which made some brilliant family memories.
My husband and I enjoyed an absolutely wonderful day here.  We were definately taken back to our childhood and enjoyed everything about our day.
If you can't go to a Disneyland in North America, this is where its at. While the park may be small in comparison, the value, rides and fun your kids will have is enormous. Don't miss out on the food, shopping, rides, new rides and the nighttime musical fireworks show. Your kids will never forget the time they went to Disneyland.
nice place to visit, very interesting. There have many games for kids, it is suitable for a family trip.
We spent two days at the park. I was worried about all the reviews that said the park was too small. The park is small, but for me, my wife and my five year old, it was just right. We also signed up for the Prestige Tour Service and found the service very worthwhile. You pay about USD 400 for a guide that will take you around the park for 3 hours and have you go on the rides WITHOUT STANDING IN LINE. The money was well worth it in terms of agony, effort, and sweat saved.The only blemish on the entire park are the other visitors, especially those from the mainland that cannot stand on line. So frustrating.Also, when you buy clothing from the stores, be careful how you pick your sizes. The sizes for many of the t shirts are unisex and based on Asian sizes.I would definitely come back, I would try to do so when it is relatively less humid in Hong Kong.
Found the park fairly small. Compared to the other 4 I've been to, it was missing some key attractions. No Pirates of the Caribbean, Haunted House, etc.   Nice food options, Fantasy Garden for photos with Mickey and friends.
disneyland is a nice place whenever you travel with your kids here. as most of the games here are kids games, enjoyable and fun for kids but its kinda boring for adult. its a summer when i visit there, so its extremely hot there. nothing special with disneyland, just like their architecture and their characters. more or less its just like universal studio.
We took our 4 year old daughter for her first Disneyland visit and had a great time. It's smaller than the other Disneylands and therefore perfect for a first visit (and we still got the experience of being tired from walking around). It's relatively cheap (HKD 399 for adults and HKD 285 for kids), compared to the other Disneylands. It's great for one day, we got to see most of it. Since we went apparently out of season (beginning of April, not too hot either) and on a weekday (Thursday), there were hardly any lines, although it did get busier later in the afternoon. In the morning we met all the characters (including all the princesses) and took photos and did many rides. After a great lunch in a restaurant in Main Street, we saw the parade. Everything was very well planned. Didn't stay for the fireworks show at night (I think you need a separate ticket for that) but we did see it anyway from our hotel (Disneyland hotel).
spacious place, and it was great had an experience there, even most it for children.... but overall it was best and tired experience, the food inside not that much variety.
Although promoted as 3D, Mickey   s PhilharMagic is actually a 4D attraction. Located in Fantasyland, this attraction is ideal for children 5 years old and above. In trying to retrieve Mickey   s magical hat, Donald Duck sent everyone to a hilarious adventure of flying, swimming and mayhem. An absolute cracker for children.If you love high tea, this one is for you. Dining promo until 28th of June 2012, the high tea at Corner Cafe, Main Street will indulge you and your little ones to a good balance of sweets and healthy treats. An option to choose between a Western or Asian high tea, either or is absolutely good value for money. Book as soon as you arrive at the park. High tea starts at 3pm.The newly added attraction Toy Story Land is quite disappointing. Apart from the Slinky Dog Spin (similar to the usual Caterpillar ride that goes round and round), the other two rides, RC Racer and Parachute Drop are designed for older children. It did not really manage to catch Toy Story   s theme of playfulness and fun for young children.For more details, please visit Disneyland   s official website.
I have been there during Halloween , it was really fantastic.
Disneyland HK is nice although many attraction design for children. But i still feel happy. The park can be access by mtr subway just need 50 mins from TST kowloon. And when you arrive at sunny bay mtr station,the mtr mickey train will welcome you. The park is amazing and don't forget to see the parade in the afternoon. But my favorite attraction is golden mickey! Combine of songs,acrobatics and dances. Don't miss it!
HK Disneyland for me was totally enjoyable and satisfying. The child in me really had a great time. After all it was my first ever theme park experience! I enjoyed the rides. The shows were great. I loved the jungle river cruise and I thought the  It's a small world  was cute.
It will be difficult not to be disappointed when visiting Disneyland Hong Kong. The problem lies in people's expectation and perception of a Disney Theme Park over the years through various media, or through physical visits to actual sites such as Disney USA, Disney France and Disney Japan, so it is highly likely that one will have high expectation prior to the visit. There are many negatives when compared to other International Theme Parks:1. Small when compared to other Disney Theme Parks;2. To crowded (long queues when paying for shopping or waiting for rides);3. Too many mainland Chinese tourists (and many will consider them to be 'rude', i.e. jumping queue, sticking closely behind you when queueing, etc);4. Insufficient and lack of cooling ventilation equipments when queueing outdoor or in shops (should install water cooling fans in all strategic outdoor locations like at Universal Singapore) I have been to many Theme Parks all over the World and my visit to Hong Kong Disney in August 2011 was considered one of the worse for the reasons stated above. My family and I did not enjoy the experience, and we felt like suffocating be it indoor or outdoor due to lack insufficient of fans air con. We paid for the entrance fee, walked in and out without taking up any events or rides. My advice is to lower your expectation prior to your visit; be prepare to accept those negatives stated above; and you may find yourself enjoying the visit more than me. It's better to visit in cooler months. If you have been to Disney Japan, France and US, then you won't miss much by skipping the trip here, save the cash and time by visiting other Hong Kong attractions instead...
If you haven't been to other Disneyland, I think you will find this is a good one.
First of all, let it be known here and now that Hong Kong Disneyland was not designed for Americans. Hong Kong Disneyland was created for mainland Chinese and tourists from other Asian countries. If you are traveling from America to Hong Kong just to visit Disneyland, you will be disappointed. The park is small compared to other Disney properties and there are not as many rides, but do not let that stand in your way of having a good time. What rides they do have are very well done. Their version of  it's a Small World  was quite possibly the best in all of the world. Because the park is small, the lines for rides can be long at times. Fast pass is available. Be prepared for  rude  mainland Chinese. It is not uncommon for people to push, cut in line and spit. I am an ex pat living in Mainland China, so this is nothing new for me to see, but it can cause you to get upset if you are not used to it. Also, avoid this park like the plague on Chinese holidays. I personally enjoyed every second I was at Hong Kong Disneyland. Being away from the Mainland and being around something as familiar as Disneyland was heartwarming. It truly is the  Happiest Place on Earth.
We came on a rainy season and it was raining on the day we planned to be here. If there's a hint of rain   be prepared for your raincoats or there are available for sale at the park HK$35 kids; HK$45 adults. Do not miss Space Mountain ,RC Racer all rides in Toy Story Land was a great hit for my kids.FOr Birthday celebrants get your badges at the City Hall : )
One of the best days ever. The attention to detail at this park is impressive, the rides are fun, the food is delicious, the parades are gorgeous   this is truly great fun for young and old. My opinion to anyone asking if they should go to Disney Land in Hong Kong is: YES!Go early and don't leave until the big parade in Main Street USA.
Great day, idealy needed two days to do every thing but great fun and loads of things to do!
I'm very happy, enjoy and fun. just take a train Disney line a few minute then you can enjoy and back to Kid Time here. I play everything, eat everything and taken photo everywhere. I need to record my happy time then see all images again when I getting old. Don't forget to reserve express ticket and waiting for firework before closing time.
visited in april 2012 with my wife and 3 yr kidmy kid just loved photo mickey and minney and parade which id aroungd 12 nooni suggest to go as early as possible bcoz hk disney land is very crowded and have long line around 1 hr for ticketing and entranceFor Indian especially veg ones i suggest to pack food for whole day bcoz inside u find limited dinning options which suit us..very crowded for all shows and rides so u can hardky watch 2 3 shows and take 2 3 rides then too must vist in hk especially if u r with kids..........enjoyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Awesome, different from the old dated Disneylands of the west.  Expecting that it's quite small, we took our own sweet time and visited most shops and went on most rides, however pretty soon ran out of time!
DisneyLand is a different world in itself.......nothing to compare it.If you are with kids and visiting during May or any other HOT months, please go there with enough time as the kids get exhausted due to the Heat, humidity and the amount of walking one has to do.Get the map first, spend good time on the map to decide on your priority areas as there are 4   5 sections in Disneyland. The best time to visit during the day is after 5.30 pm, when the sun is going down and it starts to get cooler.There are few restaurants and coffee shops inside. I found the restaurants to be expensive.You need to walk a LOT   wear comfortable shoes.Do not miss the PARADE at 3 or 4 pm on the main street and the FIRE WORK at 8 PM.
Toy Story land was a great addition and it looks like they are expanding to add another 2 new areas in 2012 and 2013. My kids really loved it both times we have gone, Toy Story land was the cherry on top. It is surreal going from China Hong Kong to Disneyland. It feels like Florida but when you realize Cinderella is a heavily made up Asian woman you chuckle to yourself and remember. If you had to choose between HK Disneyland and Ocean Park go to Ocean Park. They have real pandas.
We were there on a Sunday and were quite surprised that it was not crowded. We've been to Disneyland, Paris and this one in Hong Kong was quite small compared to that one. That means you only need probably 5 6 hours to complete the entire park rides and shows. Perhaps it was the size that made it easy to conquer in a few hours. I would not recommend it unless you're staying more than 3 days in Hong Kong and you've never been to any Disneyland before. This is because there are far more interesting things to see and do in Hong Kong than this.
My 2 years old favourite is to see Golden Mickey show and the parade. Best time is to visit during Christmas where they have additional Xmas parade, snowing on main street and great weather to be outdoor. As expected, a visit here will burn a hole in the pocket since food prices are relatively expensive and my..those souvenir shop..it will take lots of discipline to go home without buying anything...specially with young kids in tow...
Very convenient to reach from the City Hotels and can have lots fun with kids and adults too !!!!We spent 2 days here covered most of the rides and njoyed a lot. I am sure this is one of the best Disney lands they have
I promised to take the kids here at the end of our Hong Kong holiday if they behaved themselves. I thought it would be over commercialized, tacky and very expensive. However, I was wrong. It was lovely. The park was small enough for us to spend a pleasant day there and feel that we had been able to see enough of it, even though it rained for a few hours and they had to shut down the uncovered rides. We did manage to get on most of the outdoor rides beforehand so it wasn't a problem for us . The theming was lovely, perfect actually. The price of food was reasonable given the sort of place it was. The shows were excellent. The rides were generally not thrilling but a much better option for us than Ocean Park because our five year old was able to accompany us on most of them. He especially enjoyed Space Mountain   his first roller coaster ride ever. This was my first ever visit to a Disneyland so I really loved the Dolls of the World display even though I normally hate the song 'It's a Small World'. It was so beautifully done and each group of dolls added their own cultural flavour to the tune so it didn't get overbearing   the only rendition of it I've ever enjoyed. I really liked the range of souvenirs and thought that they were very reasonably priced. It was a really relaxing experience and although usually I am completely exhausted by the end of a day trip alone with the kids, this time I wasn't. We were out for twelve hours and I still felt sufficiently rested. Thankyou, Disneyland HK.
It was a great experience for us with our 7year old son.Apart from the theme park which is an obvious attraction with its rides,Golden Disney shows, parades and the spectacular fireworks at the Disney Castle,the   breakfast with Disney  at the Disney Hotel (with prior booking)was a wonderful experience!Staying at a Disney Hotel helped us utilize the multiple entry to the park...so double fun!
Hong Kong disneyland is accesible by MTR, very convenient. This is a family theme park so the rides are more of fun and kiddy, but still ok for adults! The park is small but it takes a day to cover.Went to Hong Kong disneyland twice and still liked the place very much. It brings u back to childhood. Kids will have fun and adults as well :) The only thrilling ride was the Space Mountain rollercoaster, scary at first but second time onwards it was not so bad my cousins and I rode it a few times and were happily smiling all the way haha.My first visit was in October 2009 and the park was decorated in Halloween theme. We visited the haunted mansion and that was really scary!!!Most of the rides have long queues so be sure to reach on time at 10.30am. There's parade as well as character greeting times so do not miss it. Photo taking with the Disney characters is such a long wait, esp with Mickey and Minnie, we queued an hour! But it was worth it. The shows in Disneyland are also very interactive, such as Stitch Encounter and The Golden Mickeys. Enjoyed the shows very much it was animated yet so real. My favourite ride is It's A Small World, felt like I was brought back to dreamland.The park gets very beautiful from evening onwards when the lights come up. It's A Small World castle looks like a fairytale, absolutely gorgous at night.Food and souvenirs in Disneyland are expensive. Toilets are well maintained and air conditioned.Fireworks display at 8pm at the Sleeping Beauty Castle. Stunning view!!Don't think I'll ever get sick of Disneyland, such great fun!Tip: avoid china holidays as it gets very crowded
It's a small world after all.  Unlike Disney World, you can do in a day and never go back.  It was very  sexy  compared to Orlando.
My boy's Kindergarden organized a Disneyland Day today, so he decided to bring his parent and younger sister along. The rainy morning didn't ruin the tour at all because the queues turn out to be shortest ever. The rain stoped early afternoon. Perfect! We played till the end of the firework show and participated more games and shows than ever before. Thanks to the perfect rain, we had a great time in Hong Kong Disneyland Park.
My baby girl is 22, but we couldn't miss going to this Disney since we have been to the other 3. I have to say they had the greatest characters I've ever see. They pose with you, dance with you, hold your hand and walk through the park with you. The staff will take your camera and fotos for you. They were the sweetest people ever. Don't miss the lion king show, it was fantastic!  The down side is...there's no haunted mansion, there's no pirates of the Caribbean, there's no splash mountain.....and worst of all.....no funnel cake!!!!! I was so disappointed with   it's a small world  there were actual scenes with no dancing dolls, and some with only 2 or 3. I expected more out of that one. The up side is...it's cheaper, smaller, nice people, and it's still magical!!!
Been to all the Disney parks in the world and Hong Kong Disneyland is by far the smallest of them all. The park is nice and clean and we did not have to wait too long in most of the attractions. Nothing to complain about really.
yes its small, no its no florida and thats why its cheaper... at least this place you can walk around in one day... Land is few and far between in HK so expect it to be small... but its still a good day out no matter how many people I hear complain about it
You can easily go around this park in a day which cannot be said about the other Disneyland parks in other countries. I like the fact that it is so easy to take pictures with mascots since they are all over the place and most of them are in the Fantasy Garden. Weekdays are great since there are less people around.
If you have not been to Disneyland in the US, then you would love it. My son had a blast. But, every ride is a miniature version of the one you would find in the US and many other rides were missing. Toy Story Land was the Best. The parade was short and sweet and unfortunately the costumes of the characters could have been better; they were not fitting well.The attendants with their Cantonese accent make it a bit difficult to follow; but they try their best with their English.Shops galore with different disney memorabilia at every other corner and they make sure to drain your wallet!My personal highlight was the Indian restaurant in the Adventure Land, with a decent choice of north indian selections. So, if you are a staunch Indian Veg, you don't go starving.Needless to mention about the excellent connectivity with Hong Kong MTR; it makes it a less than 45 minute commute from Hong Kong Central. We loved the trains in the Disneyland Line, with their Mickey windows!Important: If you buy your Disney tickets at Expedia.com, make sure you have the bar code printed on your vouchers. Mine did not print and Thanks to the wonderful disney assistant at the guest relations, she loaned her computer for me to login to Expedia and then saved and printed my vouchers again as images.
We went to Hong Kong Disneyland during a long holiday in China so the place was packed with people from the mainland on a Monday. We went early, around 10 AM but there were people who came earlier. The Chinese came prepared as they brought with them their umbrellas, foreigners like us walked under the scorching heat. The place was nice, clean and festive. The rides were good and safe. I enjoyed riding the more thrilling rides like the RC and the Space Mountain. Since there were a lot of people that day, we had to wait 20 to 45 minutes to get into a ride. Long queues everywhere.There were a lot of shops for souvenirs but it seems there were not a lot of restaurants. Or maybe there were way to many people for establishments to accommodate. Plus it rained hard and everyone had to run for shelter and most went to the restaurants for shelter and at the same time for lunch.My personal experience wasn't bad but it wasn't good either. I'd give this place a 3.5 if this rating were available. I'd probably go back there but I'd check the dates to avoid any holidays in Hong Kong and the rest of China.
It's hard to expect much after visiting Disneyworld first so I just went with the flow for Hong Kong Disneyland. Not much rides for the thrill seekers but Toy Story Land was the better option. Don't waste your time queuing up to take photos with the characters unless it was your main reason why you went in the first place. Food of course is overpriced but so as with Disneys around the world. It's not customary for Chinese to say excuse me so don't be surprised if you were accidentally shoved or something. Ticket lines weren't long at all so it's still okay to purchase your tickets on the spot
We spent 2 nights here and it made a perfect stop over for a family with 2 young kids trying to get over jet lag. Whilst not nearly as big as the originals it nevertheless has the same feel and vibe as them.We stayed at the Disney Hong Kong Hotel and it had all you could ask for. the only criticism is the price which was on the steep side. Other than that staff excellent, room generous and spacious and the service impecable.
Really loved HK disneyland!!! Rides were good for all ages especially to kids and elders, not as scary as in ocean park..fireworks were soooooooooooo amazing!!! can't forget the first time that i'd watched it,even the second, when me and my officemate chilled until the shows done.. i'm looking forward to visit here during christmas season!!! :)
My family and i travelled to HONG KONG DISNEY in jan 2009.We had lots fun .Lots of entertainment for the whole family.Lots of eating places .Park not so big like Disney World Olorndo.I enjoyed shows that run the whole day .If you old or young there is something to do and you will enjoy yourself .
We spent a little more and did the VIP tour of Disneyland as we only had one day   I felt like a rock star that day! We jumped every line, got seats reserved at the show and our own private area to watch the parade. Our host was ever so gracious and knowlegeable, even taking photos of us while we were on the rides. We booked the tour online throught the Disney HK website which was super simple and then met our guide at the customer services area in the park. I totally recommend doing this tour, especially if your time is limited. The park is small so you could do it in one day, but with the heat why would you want to wait in the hot humid climate when you can be escorted straight on ?!
What else can I say about disneyland? it certainly rekindled the child in me! Best if you go on a weekday. We went on a wednesday and we hardly fell in line! No line took us more than 10mins. In some rides we didn't que at all but went straight in. Since we had more time, we were able to watch all the shows and maybe rode 80% of the rides. Come early and come on a weekday! )
We are a young couple and we also loved the Hong Kong Disney! Everywhere you could see frantic Asian kiddies running around and enjoying themselves. The park is well organised. As with all tourist destinations the food was pricey for the quality. The waiting times where not that long in August when we went to visit. The Metro goes directly to the Resort, very convenient!I would recommend for most families on vacation in Hong Kong to visit the Disney. Enjoy!
On our recent trip to Hong Kong we visited Disneyland. Disneyland has been a place that both my wife and I have always wanted to experience since we were kids growing up.Our accommodation was in Kowloon, however getting to Disneyland is a short MTR ride away. (About 30 minutes)The experience starts when you get onto Disney   s very own train leading to the park. Its decked out with plenty of Disney memorabilia and Mickey mouse shaped windows.Upon arrival there is a short walk to get to the main entrance. I recommend getting to the park early around 9.30 am as it tends to get really busy throughout the day. If you   re not staying at the Disney land hotel, you should allow at least 9   10 hours to make sure you get the full Disneyland theme park experience. The park itself is gigantic. There are so many things to do. If you are only there for the one day, I would recommend going on the rides first then make you way around to watch some of the fantastic shows available.The rides are great fun. Be sure to go on the space mountain rollercoaster and the Dumbo rides as in my view they are the best ones there. The only down side with the rides is that you have to wait quite a while to get on. We waited 50 minutes to go on the parachute ride in the Toy Story land.I recommend going to the Disney awards show. It   s located next to the  It   s a small world  land. It was one of the highlights of our Disney experience. Such a great stage performance by all involved.Food wise, the restaurants are quite expensive as you would expect for a theme park. We had lunch at the Corner Cafe which had very nice food but cost us $65 AUD for two gourmet burgers, chips and two soft drinks. We were a little disappointed when we walked next door to Tomorrow land and saw that the food prices were a lot cheaper for the same type of food. ($45 AUD cheaper to be exact) Nevertheless there are plenty of food outlets available to choose from.If you want to take photos with the Disney characters you need to try and get in very early as once again there are long waiting times to do this. The park staff take professional photos in the hopes of you spending more money but they are more than happy to use your camera and take some happy snaps to remember for free.We really enjoyed our time at Disneyland Hong Kong and would recommend it to anyone. If your are travelling with kids it would be worth staying at the Disneyland Hotel for at least two nights so the kids can get the full experience as it is such a big theme park with lots of fun and exciting things to do.It really is an awesome day out for both kids and adults!!!
Staying in TST, Kowloon, we caught the MTR (train) to Disney Land and return   very straightforward.This was my kids first visit to a Disney Land and we were not disappointed.Unfortunately there were various thunderstorms and therefore some attractions were not operating.As the weather was poor and we went mid week, the lines were short (average queue time less than 15 mins).The park was well laid out and very clean.You were able to get photos with all the main Disney characters (I think it was in the Magic Garden) and then pick them up as souvenir photos later in the day, but surprisingly, the Disney staff also took photos with our camera so I did not have the spend the extra money if I did not want to. For tickets at the gate, we were offered a discount if we paid by VISA.A memorable day was had by all.
I would highly suggest that once you grab the map at the entrance, sit down and see the schedules of shows (or rides) and the Disney characters (they don't roam around the entire day) that you like to see. The shows are somewhat better than the rides, that's just my opinion. The point is, the rides can wait but the shows have schedules. Compared to Disneyland in LA, this is a small one, which is why you can finish it on one day. The one in LA is really impossible in just a day! They heave a GREAT bakery near the entrance.Don't go on weekends (to avoid the crowds) and be there during opening time (unless you're getting back the next day). They have souvenir shops at every corner, a great money making scheme. There is an abundance of toilets, which is really, really great for everyone. If you're getting back to Macau at the end of the day, I'm not sure staying for the final parade (8pm) is a good idea. If you leave before the parade, you beat the crowds at the MTR and you have more time for your ferry ride back to the Macau Port and to your hotel (and that's past 12am already).
This Disney is quite a lot smaller in comparison to the Florida Park and a bit smaller then Paris. The Castle is disappointingly small, almost laughable but the upside of HK disney is that it's not that crowded so you get to go on the rides several times. There are a lot of rides missing that are available in Florida though they have a new Toy Story section with good rides for slightly older children. If there are queues they aren't dealt with in the normal Disney fashion so it is thankful that the park isn't crowded.Saying that it is still Disney and a great family day out.
HK DisneyLand was everything that we, 2ad 2 children (5yr & 7yr ) had hoped for and expected. It was just magical. We caught the train from Kowloon. The Disney experience begins when you change trains at Sunny Bay. The Disney train was decorated in Mickey images and the station was amazing. I thought we had got off at Hogwarts. We thoroughly reccomend HK Disney for families with young children. And we suggest that you get the two day pass   we only just fitted in all the rides, the unmissable parade and the fabulous shows. The kids loved meeting the characters   especially the Princesses who were just gorgeous. The Disney staff were very friendly and helpful. We felt that the food was very affordable   cheaper than the Hotel. I would suggest that you stay at 1 of the Disney Hotels. We never waited for a shuttle   it was alll very easy. Be aware that the Hotels are completely isolated from the rest of HK . There are no shops etc anywhere near the resorts. We suggest a two night visit at the Disney Hotels   then stay somewhere else closer to HK Island or Kowloon.
No. It's not Disneyland California, but Disney HK is still a magical day out! Whether you have kids or are a big kid yourself it's hard to not be charmed by the magic of this bite sized theme park.The park has new and improved Small World and Jungle Cruise rides. Also Toy Story Land is great. Furthermore, short lines and the small park mean you can do all of the attractions in a day. And it's cheap (by Disney Standards)
I can say it is the most affordable Disneyland for us in Asia. I suggest that you stay a night in Disneyland, so that you don   t have to rush after the firework displays. There are 4 main the me parks here, Main Street, Fantasyland, Adventureland and Tomorrowland. Each have its own Restaurants and also souvenir shops. There are also the characters walking around themselves. I manage to get a photo with all the characters. Otherwise, this is a wonderful place to be young again.
The first time i went to disneyland was when i was 12 and i flew all the way to LA from singapore~ From what i can recall, it was definately a fun day for me. I returned to LA disneyland about 6~7 years ago... it still is fun but i realized that it is just too big for a 1 day trip.I really enjoyed disneyland in HK... everything is compact and closer to each other so each attractions are closer, meaning less walk and we are able to cover the whole park within a day. Since it felt like being in LA, everything was in cantonese and i couldn't understand what the characters are talking about which is not fun~Also, there are always flocks of mainland tourists around, meaning if you are not aware, they will cut the queue and bump into you. be prepared~
We enjoyed it, moreover our kids that really love Disney's character. Though the rides are common (you may find the similar rides elsewhere), but still we enjoyed it because it is in Hongkong!
Coming from a person who has been to Disney Land more than ten times, Epicot more than 3 times, and Animal Kingdom once; this park was horrifically horrible. This was not a theme park built with the intention of you going to have fun time on roller coaster and playing games. This was a park built only to have you spend money because the entry way was a line of stores. The rides, there are very few and they were not anywhere near the caliber of the rides in the states. No one would go to the parks In Florida and California with those rides. The characters were barely there, you would wait in line to take a photo, and the courtesy wasn   t even there to inform you that someone would be the last or that the character was leaving. The colors of the costumes are drab; the staff people were not friendly. It just left a sour taste in your mouth. If you have never been to a Disney amusement park you might think this park is ok or wonder why people enjoy going to the park multiple times. If you have been to a Disney Park and are one of those people who want to visit each and every one of the parks, skip this one! I usually go to the park when it open and stays until it closes but I was in and out in less than 3 hours!
Let me just start off by saying that although Disneyland Hong Kong is smaller, Their beautiful facilities and caring staff more than make up for this. There are many different attractions and restaurants to try, but the thing I was mostimpressed with is definately the...More
Like: Back to the time with Disney characters.  Dislike: Full of tourist from China, unfriendly at all. Photo taking session long queue and u have unlimited time to take photo. U won't know how long u need to wait to take photo with one character.
Having never been to any Disneyland I was thrilled with the place. Image having to wait until you are 49 to ride the tea cups. I must admit it is a little alarming hear Mickey with a Chinese dialect, but overall it was a great...More
This is an excellent one day of fun for kids and adults alike. The Golden Mickeys stage show, Street Parade, Lion King musical and rides are all brilliant. Make sure you stay for the end the day spectacular fireworks display.
My first visit to Disneyland and I was a little dissapointed that the park is small. Character viewings were scarce and most had very long lines. Even on a weekday, rides had wait times of up to 60 minutes and would appreciate some security on...More
Although the park is small comparing to the other four, you still find that the attractions are in a good look, just like that it was opened yesterday. Parade and firework is great!! The unique GOLDEN MICKEYS and unique lands worth a day.
This is the first time i walk to Hong Kong Disneyland.. Using MTR to Disneyland Park.. Then change with Disneyland own Train.. Vey funny.. its all about Mickey Mouse and frinds inside it..  Then i walk in to the resort.. Wooww..... Amazing first impression.. The...More
This Disney was so must like the Florida Disneyworld yet Asian as well. The food was mostly Asian but did have a few American spots too. One could do this attaction easy in one day. We had a 2 year old and a 10 month...More
We loved the Disney experience on the smaller scale given the size of the the park.  The day we went there were only 5 minute lines for all rides so we were able to do everything we wanted to.  the subway to the Disney railway...More
Let me just start off by saying that although Disneyland Hong Kong is smaller, Their beautiful facilities and caring staff more than make up for this. There are many different attractions and restaurants to try, but the thing I was mostimpressed with is definately the...More
Like: Back to the time with Disney characters.  Dislike: Full of tourist from China, unfriendly at all. Photo taking session long queue and u have unlimited time to take photo. U won't know how long u need to wait to take photo with one character.
Having never been to any Disneyland I was thrilled with the place. Image having to wait until you are 49 to ride the tea cups. I must admit it is a little alarming hear Mickey with a Chinese dialect, but overall it was a great...More
Hong Kong Disney land is small, and could improve more on their food restaurants.I loved the shows, it just that not much of the Disney Characters were around even if I already went back 5x at that place.WHat I dont like about the place are the people who smokes and spits everywhere, they should be reprimanded by the staff.
Went there last March 10, 2012, super loved the place, very magical. Am super happy!! felt like am a child again...i enjoyed it a lot. Worth visiting with your family esp children... will surely come back again next year with my family because i came with my friends.
All Disney parks have that special magic, and we loved the Disney train that took us to the park. This was the smallest of the parks we had been to, and didn't have some of the standard rides  attractions that the others do (e.g., Pirates of the Caribbean, Phantom Manor, Thunder Mountain, etc.) However, it's still Disney and there is plenty to see here.
It is a rewarding experience visiting Hongkong Disneyland. I will visit it again. Lodging in one of Disney Hotel is one of strategy to experience the amusement park and took 2 day ticket. I travel with Baby 20 mths old.
No, it's not America but nonetheless, it's still Disney. The park is fairly small, you can easily do it in a day. The MTR Disney train is fun, with Mickey shaped windows, statues etc and the station is beautiful. The theming and gardens and paths are all done will in typical Disney design. We went on a really hot and humid day and there was virtually no shade. The lines were not as well managed as in the US. The loading and unloading of rides is slower, perhaps because instructions are given in Mandarin, Cantonese and English? As with all Disney theme parks, you are best to arrive early, ticket and map plan in hand if you want to ride popular attractions with little or no wait.We took our own food in a backpack (given no more than a cursory check by security), so I can't comment on park food.The only characters we saw all day apart from during the parade, were Mickey and Minnie, at the start of Main St with a huge queue of patient people.
We visited Disney HK with our kids and parents just last week. As with all other Disney park resorts, the rides and attractions were fun for everyone, young and old. We especially enjoyed the recently opened Toy Story land. The park was clean and relatively new. But I must admit that a lot of the attractions that are found in Disney CA or Disneyworld were not there in HK (maybe at least not yet). There was not even a frozen banana being sold! :) You can actually tour the park in less than one day. Also, some of the local staff were a bit rude or unfriendly, unlike in other Disney parks where the staff are always smiling and very welcoming. But we did not let these minor things ruin our vacation, and overall, we did have a great time. After all, Disney is the happiest place on earth.
Everyone said that we'd need 2 days minimum to do Disneyland in HK........Rubbish !!!Easily we did it in one day.Go in the morning (preferably a weekday......so you're not waiting long for rides) and stay all day until 8pm for the disney spectacular fireworks. Nothing like our Sydney Harbour NYE fireworks, but still very NICE !!All the rides are great, especially the Space Mountain..... a rollercoaster built indoors. No steep dips so don't get scared, my wife and 5 yr old did it so you can too. A great day out for the family especially the young ones.
Okay, so it's not as spectacular as the Walt Disney Resort complex in Orlando, but so what? That's why it's called Hong Kong Disneyland; if you prefer the Disney's Orlando empire, then go there instead. I enjoyed the smaller size of this park, because you can easily see all of it in one day without exhausting yourself and still have a fun Disney park experience. My partner and I had a great time there. Space Mountain is still fun and actually a little flashier than the one in Orlando; we rode it three times and loved it. Old Disneyworld favorites are here, like the Jungle Cruise, the Mad Tea Cups, It's a Small World (much more culturally sensitive at this park) and so on. Toy Story Land, unique to this park was fun too. The park is easily accessible via the MTR subway system from anywhere in Hong Kong; it was a 30 to 40 minute ride from our hotel in Wan Chai and it only cost us around $7.00 USD round trip. Definitely recommended if you have kids and a free day in Hong Kong.
The park created a good impression from the start. We were carefully queued and staff prevented any queue jumpers. There was no need to prove our  Senior  status, the lass at the ticket counter must have realised we were both ancient. Next was the security check, a very apologetic lady peeked into our hand bag and my belly bag. Saying  Sorry, sorry  over and over again and she had the brightest smile while doing this necessary task.We decided to take the train around the park to get an impression of the place. All very civilised and orderly with staff fussing about and being politely firm with those who wanted to stand on the moving train. We didn't see all that much from the train but it did impress on us just how extensive the place is.Then on to the  Emporium  for the necessary souvenirs, a huge building filled with everything Disney. Most of the stock on display is a  Sample  and when you've made your selection a staff person ducks off and acquires the item from a back room. I actually enjoyed watching them dart here and there and pop up when you thought there was no one around.Through some of the speciality shops featuring high quality glass ware and etched or engraved crystal. About all I could afford was to take a photo. Back on Main Street and past some high standard eateries to  Tomorrow Land .We sampled the flying saucer ride and wandered around watching the 'kids' both young and old marvel at the strange futuristic objects and structures. Buz Lightyear is the iconic figure in this section. While wife was out of sight, a young woman approached me and asked if I'd let her husband take a photo of her and I. No problem, did my best VIP impression and her husband took three or four pictures. Then I was asked to pose with their young son. I really enjoyed my minute or two in the spotlight.We crossed the draw bridge and entered  Fantasy Land . This was an amazing area featuring Dumbo the flying elephant. There was also the Mad Hatter's tea party where we rode in a tea cup. Then we watched in amusement as people and their kids lined up in long queues to have their picture taken with one of the Disney characters. The character Pluto had only a very short queue and Jenny went up to him and received a big hug.While heading for the next section we stopped to watch a 'side show' consisting of a slim black guy who performed unbelievable acts with a diabolo. He threw it a long way into the air and caught it again and at one stage had it run vertically up the rope. finally he got two of them running in different directions on the one rope almost tying himself into knots in the process.Next we wandered into the  Toy Story  where wife braved a ride where a car full of people defies gravity and races inside a vertical track from the 2 o'clock to the 10 o'clock position   almost upside down and hanging there for a second before dashing off in the opposite direction.The  Adventure Land  was very crowded and there was a mob of young Indian men who were very pushy and talked so loudly as to intrude into everything being said by the 'guide'. We evaded them on the climb up into Tarzan's tree house. This is an amazing structure that actually looks like a tree but is completely artificial. The incredible attention to detail had me disbelieving my senses.As we headed back to Main Street with the intention of leaving because our feet were killing us, we discovered that the Grand parade was due to start at 1530, just 20 minutes from now. We decided to stay and are very glad we did. The floats were awesome and the who troop of performers did an incredible job. I'd expected the parade to just march past and was surprised when it stopped a number of times and the performers invited kids onto the street to join them.I know I've used words like 'incredible' and 'amazing' and 'awesome' but they truly describe my reaction. Kids enjoy the place, I just marvel at how it runs and what the creators have achieved.
Beautifully set out park, not as big as California. Great value, the Parade during the day was great. The fireworks display was superb in some ways better than the USA Electric Light Parade. We went with a party of 13, 6 children ages 11 22yrsplus Adults in second childhood!
Half day tour starting 1pm to closing time would suffice the events and attractions.
2 days pass is just 50 percent extra. if you have children with you, it's advisable to plan 2 days, so that they can enjoy all the things comfortably and you too. Characters greeting is a unique experience and there are more than 2 dozens of characters. if you want a little more luxury and comfort, stay inside disney overnight or you can get easily transferred to HK in night and come back morning. MRT to disney is an exeperince not to be missed at all. I advise not to take taxi or coach to disney from HK. Come by MRT (train). Train from Sunny Bay to Disney is specially designed theme train of micky. Children will like it a lot. From TST to Disney it's hardly 45 minutes, though you have to change 3 lines, it's really comfortable.
Actually   it is the worse. Small, and, somehow   without the magic. I wouldn't recommand going there, and I am sorry we wasted a day on it. I mean   it is still a Disney park and everything, but if our 6 yrs old son said   I wish we stayed one more day in ** instead of this park    it says everything, doesn't it?P.S.: It has smelly areas too...
While this park is definitely smaller than Disneyland in Anaheim, there is still that Disney magic. There is definitely a lack of thrill rides, but it bothered my husband more than me. I was happy enough just taking in all the Disney details. The Jungle Cruise is excellent, and I loved Mickey's Philharmagic and The Golden Mickeys. I really enjoyed the parade, and the fireworks. We did struggle to find food we liked, but I had a nice curry at the Royal Banquet Hall, and some nice desserts from the Main Street Bakery. When we visited it was cool and misty (but no rain), although we did have a couple of warmer clear days towards the end of our visit.
we just love hong kong disneyland. it's not too big so expect to cover all of the lands in a day... go during weekdays to enjoy the attractions more...( if you want to ride again and again!) don't miss the shows ( lion king and golden mickeys) best live shows! always use their fastpass service...food is quite expensive inside...so we always bring some snacks and they don't care about it...just be discreet, we put ours in the bottom of our backpacks... :) use the mtr tung chung line going there...get off at sunny bay station...
we had heard that the hong kong disney land is not as good as others round the world, however as we had not been to any disney land before, we decided to visit. Although it was a week day, it was pretty busy. We took the train to get there, which was fun   the windows are all mickey mouse shaped! We arrived at opening time, so there were no queues for the first couple of rises we did   Space mountian was exciting ( but not enjoyed by our 7 yr old!), but we all enjoyed the buzz light year laser ride. There are plenty of places to get a snack or drink and the ark is quite compact. Tarzans isalnd was fun, later in the day the queses got longer and the trade off between queing and the ride got less good. The Lioin king show was excellent and made for a wlecome sit down too.Compared to other theme parks we have visitied in Asia   this was not as much fun as UNivesral Studios in Singapore and 2 4 of foel that ocean park in hong kong was more fun.The system for waiting to go into the lion king show was a bit chaotic.
If your family loves Disney characters and movies, the park will not disappoint. When we went Toy Story Land had just opened up. They seem to be expanding all the time. Expect crowds and long lines on weekends. We have had a pass at one time and always went on the weekdays and could find our wait time for the rides  attractions 10 minutes or less.One thing to note is the park is not that big and can actually be finished in a half day if lines are short. Either way expect one day to see everything, unless you have real little ones and need lots of breaks. You also need to be prepared for queue jumpers, be firm and hold your place! We have had old women push our kids out of the way to get ahead of us to ride Winnie the Pooh! This seems more prevalent of a problem in Southeast Asia, than we have experienced in America.  If you have older kids who have outgrown Disney or younger ones who don't have any special affection for the characters. Ocean Park would be a better choice and at the time I write this is cheaper. It holds the magic and charm you would expect from Disney and can be a wonderful memory for you and your family.
If you're not expecting a park parallel to the Orlando one you will not be disappointed. If you go in with the understanding that this is more like a mini Disney geared to younger kids you can still have a great time. Like anything else it is what you make of it. I thought that the MTR out with the special Disney touches on the train was great. The Toy Story area was terrific and I thought that it was great they didn't rely too much on Americana ideas (like Tom Sawyer's island and the paddleboat) that this culture could not relate to. There was very little other than the population, safety warnings, and some of the directional signage that keyed you off that you were not in the US. Unlike the bigger parks with more thrill rides you can cover this one in about a day. Be prepared for long lines for some of the rides though and get to the Toy Story area early as they close that part of the down before the rest of the  lands .
First, it takes a long time to get there. And the park isn't big enough that you'd want to spend more than a day there, so staying at one of their hotels to cut down the travel time isn't necessary. Second, it's super crowded. Every line is an hour long or more. It's intensely boring to stand in line one hour for something you know is going to last last than 2 minutes. Third, it's expensive. Ocean park is significantly cheaper, bigger and better. So unless you have very small children who love Disney stuff, don't go. If you do, they pump you for money at every turn. If you want your picture taken with any of the characters you have to sign up for a separate package. My only tip is if you really do go, try and get your tickets in advance. Even the lines to buy tickets there are really long.
No queue's on the weekday but lots of people there during the weekends.  Nonetheless the kids had a great time.
It's super fun! I am never too bored to visit every year.
Went there xmas day 2011.  We had been to Disneyland LA and after reading reviews were not expecting the same in HK.  The reviews are right.  This park is mainly for the real little kids. Very clean.  Save your money and go to Ocean Park.
Ok, not the best park I've been to ( I go to Dreamworld on the Gold Coast annualy with school groups) but very clean, no doubt about that. Small, compact and able to be covered in half a day, this park will suit the small children. Older kids and adults will be a bit dissapointed but you can't please everyone. I was surprisingly impressed by the midday parade. Just remember who it is aimed at and you can see it is done really well.
This park simply brings out the child in me. I know it is quite smaller than its other counterpart but rides and features made my day fulfilled :)
we have visited all Disneylands in the world  this was not the best  very small  no interesting restaurants  no real shopping  no entertainment  nothing for anyone but small children  usual good quality and maintenance  flowers  but need more substance at the actual part  expensive for what it is too  Ocean Park the local amusement part offers more for chinese families and is less expensive
Going to and from HK Disneyland via the MTR is very efficient and organized. Train stations are clean, wide, and the routes are easy to understand. There are more rides and shows now than 4 years ago. Restaurants are a bit costly inside Disneyland so it is best to eat first before going there.
I love this place... It is quite small compare to other country's Disneyland... Really small... Even you can play and watch every of the show in 1 day... For other Disneyland 1 day might not be enough... Although this place is small but full... Many of the games is a good experience if try.... The shows are all very nice and fantastic... But the restaurant will be quite expensive compare to outside...
This was our 3rd trip and our daughter is 8 years old, it will be our last. She has outgrown this park. The first 2 times we went, hardly anyone was there. We had ZERO waiting for the Buzz Lightyear ride. This time, too many people. You have to go when it's not a holiday.Perfect for kids 8 and under. Princesses everywhere   both little girls dressed up and the real ones. Nice, manageable park. Disneyland Hotel is great location and nice too.
Although it's not for the extreme adventure junkies like ocean park, Disneyland has an appeal of its own. It's magical. It brings out happiness in you. Great for kids and kids at heart. The parade is dreamily fantastic and the  It's a small world  ride is super cute. Stay until the firework display by Sleeping Beauty castle, it's lovely.
i love the fact that it has quite a lot of Toy Story attractions and souvenirs, but the rides were not that challenging if you're looking for some adrenaline rush rides.
This is not even funny to spend money like this and visit.  Nothing even close to Los Angeles Disneyland
Having been to Disneyland California and DisneyWorld Florida, web reviews of Disney Hong Kong indicated it may be small and disappointingWhilst still a work in progress (new additions coming   Grizzly Gulch in 2012 and Mystic Point in 2013)   I would be keen to come back in 2014 and see how it has changedThere were no issues with queues as would be experienced in US and really was a straight walk up for most attractions other than the young childrens rides.Kids were very happy with the two days spent there but 2 days was the maximum time required.The site is very clean, some of the rides you will have to attend specific English sessions (e.g. Stitch Adventure), lots of easy access to characters and reasonably priced.Was also very easy to get to via MTR
More suitable for 3 12 year olds but fun none the less.  Good range of merchandise at reasonable prices.  Make sure you do the Jungle river trip and  its a small world boat trip .
I love Disneyland and the one in HK is not bad at all   people say its the smallest although it is but in a way its good because you can get to everything in a day and go and all the rides if you only have a few days in HK to explore!The 4D cinema is pretty amazing and I loved the Jurassic Park boat ride!! Space mountain was great and it was open which in Paris this ride is always close for maintenance etc... Honda car and the Buzzlight year were good as well!!!The restaurant was good   we had a set meal which in terms of price and quality weren't bad at all!!The night time parade made the day with music and lights and all the Disney Characters...The special MTR for Disney is great   the windows have mickey's head shaped, very convenience as well!!Definitely recommended if you have time to visit!
Spend a day immersing yourself in fun, fantasy and adventure
Amazing theme park, Especially liked the fireworks at the Sleeping beautyCastle at night!!! Also enjoyed the Jungle river cruise
Great place for the kids. Two day pass better value. Loved the rides, the parade, the fireworks at night, the characters. Only downside was the waiting time and the amount of Asian adults and elderly people wanting to go individually on the kids rides so it makes the lines even longer. Cant believe the staff dont fill up the rides carriages etc to make the queues go quicker. We asked for our 2 kids to sit with another family to make the queues shorter and they looked at us as if something was wrong with us. It seems that kids adults from one family dont mix with other kids adults. so often the ride carriages have only 1 person in them. Otherwise we absolutely loved our days at Disneyland and especially our stay at the Disneyland hotel!
The newly opened Toy Storyland was a blast...even my husband and I loved the rides...  Disneyland is the place in HK where we always goo... we never pass on this theme park every time we go to HK!
it's beautiful there but not really big but it's a bit dissapointing for the older kids because the rides are for the younger ones
Since we have been to many Disney Parks around the world and our children are getting older (11, 14 & 16) we have probably outgrown this version of Disneyland. However, for smaller children this is a great place and the park is well maintained and has enough activities for children at the age of up to 10 11.
The 2 day pass is good value if you have the time. Therefore you don't force yourself to be there from 10am to 8pm on a full day, rather you can mix it up with a visit to Disneyland   City Gate Outlets @ Tung Chung on 1 day, and Ngong Ping   Disneyland on day 2. The 2nd visit must be used within 7 days of the first.Also, best to visit mid week when there are less tourists. Our Thursday (e.g. 2 min wait time for Space Mountain) visit was much nicer than the Friday when it was super busy with people staying the weekend.The park is pram friendly, and does not have the same hills as Ocean Park. Overall, it is tidy and fun. Not comparable in size to the US equivalent, but better than Paris. The MTR is super efficient. The new Toy Story Land is okay, with rides best for young kids. The Lion King Show is superb (but closed for maintenance in March) whilst other highlights included Space Mountain and the closing fireworks.
value for money, easily accessed by metro train, queues not too long for rides
We took a 2 day pass, which is only about 25pct more than the single day, and this was well worth it. First because it rained on the afternoon of the first day. And second because there is enough for both days and the kids just wanted to do their favourite rides again anyway. Only minus was the in park catering which was unimaginative.
It was for me as a child dream loved it, peopls are so nice
This being my 3rd visit to this park, I wasn't all too excited for the attractions. The park is very small compared to its bigger American counterparts and it was summertime when we visited so it was really hot.What I liked about it was that my 2yo daughter got tons of photos with Mickey, Minnie, Goofy and the other Disney characters.I don't even remember what rides we went on. All I remember was the afternoon parade with the Toy Story characters at the end. (Toy Story Land wasn't open yet that time.)I'm gearing up for a fourth visit soon. Hoping to find new things that will keep me and my family coming back for more.
Absolutely wonderfull. I spent two days there and it was GREAT! Lots of shops with an abundance of super merhcandise.A visit a absolute must when visiting HK. You pay an entrance fee and all the rides are free (ques do tend to be a tad long at times) Can have your pic taken with Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck and other characters   you can opt to either pay the fee for their pic or just hand your camera to the pther photographer on duty and they do it for you for free. Wear comfortable shoes as you are going to walk A LOT! The Disney MRT is just so cute :) A really well maintained park with super friendly staff. No matter how old you are you will have loads of fun
The price $399hkd adult is so not worth it! Its very small and really not for teenages adults. Childrens will love it though! The parade in the afternoon and the fireworks display at 8pm is worth the moment. Expensive to buy food and souvenir same like other parks. Why can't they lower the price so every child customer walks out the attraction with a memento? Look out for the walking rubbish bin.
I went to Disneyland with my parents. We had so much fun here. Being a Muslim, there is no halal restaurants (with halal certificate) inside here. But there are vegeterian foods. For Muslims, you can bring along some dry foods biscuits chocs or sandwiches. The Disneyland staffs will allow you to bring in those foods as they understand that there's no halal food inside.From my opinion, The Lion King and Golden Mickey show are among the best.
Worth the money. If you like Hong kong movies stars. I loved it there
The day we went it was quiet so no real line ups.  The best ride was closed so abit dissapointing.  The show at the end of the day was cool, the non asian actors were abit over dramatic.  It is smallbut clean.
The Hong Kong Disneyland is very small as compared to other Disneys in the world.  The days we visited were extremely crowded.  We had to wait more than 30 minutes for each ride.
FIrstly, this place is small comparing with other theme parks around the world... there was no magical moments as we saw long lines everywhere due to public holidays in China. But again, whether it is weekend pubic holidays or not, there will be long waiting lines due to the demand from mainland China. Fast Pass access was limited to 3 rides which I find it quite ridiculous.Food and drinks were everywhere however as expected the prices were astronomical! Good tip, bring your own bottle water and you can refill at the the drinking stations near the toilets. They charge HKD20 for a small bottle of mineral water! There were many souvenir shops and these are tourist traps and they keep reminding you to buy stuffs are over priced.Overall, a very average experience and would not go back again.
Lots of fun, we were there at the openings, as it gets pretty crowded just before lunch
I went for a week stay in HK with my family and visited the location.The journey on the train is recommended as it has its own disney train. : ) Hence it is pretty convenient but you need to buy the octopus card as it makes the travel easier.The entrance fee was pricey and expected and was pretty crowded when we went there and it seems that we have a number of mainland visitors there too. We had to queue for quite a bit for all the required rides. Weather was turning warm and it was not fun.    suggest parent with young kinds to pack sunblock lotions for the kids and check the weather before departure.Food was pricey as expected and attractions was nothing out of the ordinary. We (& wifey) especially enjoyed the theatre performance where we had the Mickey mouse show or something    recommended to try. Other rides is the same which you would get from any other theme parks.
There's a special connecting train that you have to board to get to Disney, and its the cutest train ever. It has Mickey Mouse shaped windows, handrails and velour seats. (Even riding the train made me happy! :)After paying a $50USD admission, I was allowed inside the magical world of Disney. I was forewarned by my relatives (who were locals) that it would be small, but didn't realize just how small it was until I reached Cinderella's Castle. HK Disneyland is about a quarter the size of the one in Florida. I was originally expecting to stay in Disney for most of the day, but ended up finishing the park in about 3hrs. Nonetheless, I still had a great time because it's the happiest place on earth!P.S...parts of the park were under construction because they're building 2 additional attractions set to debut in 2013
We liked & enjoyed almost everything. The attractions in Fantasyland was my 5 yrs old daughter's favourite. The only dislike was the queue for Jungle River Cruise whereby the Visitors were divided into 3 queues according to their preference in languages ie Mandarin, English & Cantonese. We have no objections at all as the PA System was annoucing that regardless of which queue you are in, the waiting time would be the same. My wife happened to join the Manadrin queue unknowingly and we were disapointed to see with our own eyes that the English & Cantonese queues were faster by at least 5 boats ahead of us. I recalled a Thai family who went in the same time with us but boarded 5 boats ahead of us and some who joined in the English queue later boarded the boats before us. Please switch of the announcement. It would only irritate the visitors. Thanks.
The park compare to Japan one is too small. You can finish it in a day. Not worth to go.
Have been with a child of 5 years. Despite the small size of the park   enough for one day to see everything, everywhere climb, watch the show parade, buy souvenirs, and very tired to go home .. From our point of view is absolutely better than Ocean Park! If you are traveling with children   definitely have to go to Disneyland! ... and don't go there on weekends due to crowds!
This was our first Disneyland experience. And, it is the happiest place! I spent my birthday at Disneyland and was made to feel like the most important person in the park. The staff are so friendly and helpful. Nothing is a bother. A stay at the Disneyland resort hotel, completes the experience.
We took our two year old here for her birthday and she had a great time taking photos with all of the Disney characters. Be sure to pack sunscreen because they don't sell it at the park. As can be expected, food and trinkets cost a fortune so save up some money before visiting. There is a luggage check in to the left of the ticket sales (60HKD item). The food inside is not that great, but they do offer many options. The parade begins around 4pm and will slow your movement out of the park if you try to leave.
We really liked the Micket Mouse drawing school.  People ( especially the locals ) were very, very pushy.  Loved the flowers and gardens.  Could do it in a day....easy
disney excellent much better than I expected, lots to do there, if you have kids expect to be there full day and dont miss the parades they are amazing also the fireworks in the evening  a must see
The magical experience started when we got on the MTR train. I was quite impressed with the Mickey shaped windows and beautiful Disney themed interior. It made me feel like I was no longer in Hong Kong! The entrance was big   just like how Disneyland should be, and there was a nice Mickey fountain for photo opportunities. As we walked along the Main Street my memories of other Disney parks came to me and I was instantly familiar with the surrounding buildings, shops and street decorations. Then someone pointed out the Castle. I looked up expecting to see a magnificent Castle but all I could see was the sky and a lot of people in front of me. Then behind all those people I saw the Castle... It was so small that we all laughed out loud, couldn't believe how pathetic it was! I was very disappointed. So to cheer myself up I decided to check the times for my favourite show   the Festival of the Lion King and then I saw that the show wasn't on! I can't remember being this disappointed in my life! We walked around the park then it was time for the Parade. Watching the Parade cheered me up a lot and reminded me how magical Disneyland is   no matter where you are! Even the fireworks were up to the high standard that Disney should be!The park is quite small so I was glad that we went on a Wednesday or we wouldn't be able to see anything through the crowd! They are expanding the park with a new land coming very soon so I will be visiting again. I hope that in the future they will re build the Castle because to me it is the centre of the magical park. It should be huge, it should make you gasp at how beautiful it is and it should be the centre of attention!
A good day for the young and young at heart.  Quieter than USA ... shorter queues still very much Disney.  The perade, fireworks ets, it's all still there, just a little quieter.
Having never been to a Disneyland before I was very excited and was not disappointed. Others have said that it is very child orientated however we found more that enough to keep us entertained in the 7 hours we spent there. A great day out for every one.
It is small, and if you have been to the US it will seem really small. Having said that it's more modern than Florida, more well run than Florida, and more importantly the queue times are nothing. I think out longest was a little over ten minutes.There might be any grown up rides, and it might be small, but for anybody with kids or anybody who loves Disney it's still truly magical.
Just a word of caution, best to rent the strollers from Disney for HKD60 per day. We had our Bugaboo Bee stroller stolen within 10 minutes of a ride. It was parked with all other strollers in the stroller parking designated area. Sad to say security wasn't very helpful. The incident happened before 1pm. At end of day when we enquired on stroller status, staff were hopeful that our stroller was not stolen but instead mistakenly taken for the day. Anyway our 21 month old son had a great day at the park. This place is definitely a place for younger children unlike the other Disney's.
Pathetically small and uninspiring. Not worth the effort to visit, unless you are tired of shopping in Hong Kong.
Buzz light year ride great fun as is Space Mountain but hold on tight!
Our first time to Disneyland. Although many people commented that it is small but we did not manage to complete all the rides which we intend to play in one day due to the queue.We went in early December and the weather is good. Cool and no rain at all. As we arrive at 1.30pm, we didn't managed to cover the whole park and by 6.30pm the sky was alreadly dark and we couldn't cover the Adventure land as it was totally dark.My advise to all is that:1. Reach there as early as possible in order to cover all park rides. Skip those common rides, don't waste time on them such as Merry go round, jumbo elephant and etc.2. Secure a good place for the disney parade. Beware of the China tourists, they just do not know what is basic manners, they will just squeeze their way through and even purposely stand infront of you and block your view even though they know you came first.3. Stay for the fireworks. Must use tripod and set to fireworks mode for fireworks phototaking. I didn't do that and all fireworks images were blur. 4. Try to cover Adventureland first as most of the rides are outdoor. By evening, you can't see anything.
Our family visited in early March using two day tickets which provide some discount. This gave enough time to visit all the attractions except a few which we did care about while still having a chance to revisit a couple of the kids' favorites. It helped that the queues were quite a bit shorter than on our first visit some years ago. Surprisingly there did not seem to be a noticeable difference in the crowds and queues during our Sunday and Monday visits. Once the new zones open in 2012 and 2013 it might be challenging to cover all of the park in two days. We bought the tickets in the Disneyland Hotel where we were staying, so there was no need to queue up to buy them. Entry to the park was quite speedy despite security checking our bags. Having water bottles and milk for the junior caused no comment. At the entry gate the staff scanned a fingerprint from each adult, and it had to be provided again when re entering on the second day. If you plan to rent a stroller, you must pay a HKD 100 deposit in cash. On days forecast to have rain you also must pay a HKD 120 deposit for the waterproof cover. You get the deposits back when returning the stroller, but you must provide the receipt. The maximum permitted weight is 15 kg, so if your child is heavier, you need to bring your own stroller. The only ATMs in the park are near the stroller rental. Fortunately all the shops and restaurants accept credit cards. I did not try them at the ice cream cart, but just paid cash. Almost all the rides and attractions were suitable also for our 4 year old, which was very nice. However, anyone looking for a big adrenaline rush is going to be pretty bored. Access to the rides was restricted based on height, and the same standard limits seemed to be in use: you were allowed to ride alone, if 143 cm or taller, while kids not shorter than 87 cm were allowed to ride with a taller guardian. Some rides did not have any height restrictions. The parade starts out at 3pm and will take some 25 minutes to pass a particular point on the route. The most adult oriented pieces of entertainment were the Golden Mickeys and Legend of the Lion King shows. The attractions close when the firework display starts at 8pm, but you can still shop and dine after that. There was a big rush out of the park and to the Disneyland MRT station after the fireworks were over. The food in the restaurants was reasonably priced and portions large, but the choices were quite limited and mostly Chinese dishes. If you desire something else the  Royal Banquet Hall  restaurant has also Western and Japanese dishes on the menu. There are plenty of shops selling Disney branded souvenirs, toys and other merchandise. I found the prices quite reasonable, and we ended up buying quite a few items for our family and friends. Overall everything appeared well organized and the staff competent. The toilets were very tidy and easily found.I found this visit better than our first one   then the weather was very hot, humid and it was raining quite a bit. Now the temperature was a pleasant  20 Celsius and only minimal rain had been forecast   in fact there was only a slight drizzle for 10 minutes on one morning. Maybe the 'cold' winter weather explains that the queues were shorter than on our first visit, too. All in the family appeared to enjoy the visit more than our September 2011 visit to Universal Studios in Singapore.
True Disneyland Experience for both young and young at heart.
We found that our day at Disney was a great family day. We took our son as we feel all kids should see Disneyland at least once in their life .
DisneyLand in Lantau island is a cool place for fun and intertainment. There are, I believe 3 different zones there and the rides are pretty cool and fun. Food is available everywhere and access by train and taxi is easy. SpaceRide is particularly good...
The spectacular fireworks and the colorful parade those are the must not missed part when you go there, it will complete the experience! You will not get lost there the staffs are helpful and don't stay on long lines to que for one mascot you will waste your time! Rides are cool:) it's cold too if you are like me who's so use in tropics or hot weather you should gear up:) dont forget to bring jacket and comfortable shoes and or flipflops! Don't hurt your feet or else it will ruin your Disney experience!
I went to Hong Kong specifically to visit Hong Kong Disneyland with my 8 year old soon. Took the MRT from our hotel which stopped a mere 200m from the main entrance, which made the resort easily accesible. Arrived at about 11am and the crowd was already quite heavy despite it being a weekday. Entrace was fairly easy, a short queue to buy the tickets then proceed to the turnstile to enter the resort. The first part of the resort was the Main Street lined with a variety of stores selling food and souvenirs. A fairly good mix and made one feel like actually walking through a small town. The end of the street branched out to the various theme parks. Our first choice was Tomorrowland which was a lot of fun with the rollercoaster ride, Buzz Lightyear speceranger adventure (went for that 3 times) and the car ride which i forgot its name. The line was however long and had a waiting time of between 10 30 minutess.Next we went to the Smallworld which was a fairly educational slow boat ride through different countries around the world with dancing dolls displaying it's cultures. We then took a boat ride around Trazan's tree house and then another short boat ride to the treehouse. We then took in the 4 D movie (twice) which was a good one. It was not only a movie in 3 D but included scents and real water spurting on viewers. The only thing missing was motion seats which would have made it more fun.All in it was fun except that food was a problem for Muslims and we ended up a little hungry after spending 6 hours there. Not sure if the resort allows for food to be brought in as a picnic would have been a lot of fun especially in the mild weather during our visit there. I would recommend it for parents with kids between 5 11. Older kids probably wouldn't enjoy it as much.
We stayed at the Disney Hollywood hotel so it was at ease for us to travel to Disneyland. They have a free shuttle which runs about 5 10 mins and arrives continuously. My ticket was pre booked so I had to skip all the lines and headed directly to the Guest Relations Office which is located at the left side of the entrances. We also availed the Star Pass which has priority seats and lines on the Lion King (under renovation during our visit), Buzz Lightyear, Space Mountain, The Golden Mickey's, Philharmagic and Winnie the Pooh.We started by passing thru the Main St., which serves several food and souvenir shops but could be skipped to the last part of your stay. TOMORROWLANDWe started our trip at the Tomorrowland and took the Orbitron right away so my children wouldn't get dizy prior to eating. Beside it is the Comet Cafe which served traditional chinese bbq dishes and noodles. Average food price would give your around HKD70 80 per head but serving was generous enough. It was indeed a good idea to eat while everybody else was forming their lines elsewhere. FANTASYLANDAfter lunch, we headed immediately to the Small World ride and there was no line as we were able to ride in 5 minutes and the children really enjoyed this experience. We immediately used our Star Pass to have priority seats with The Golden Mickey's show which features most of the Disney characters in 50 years. However, the host who was named  Bebe  was a bit distracting. A better title of this show could be  The Golden Bebe  as the whole show was joined by this Chinese woman who happens to be the host of the event. After the show, we were just in time to watch the Disney Parade. We stayed near the start of the show so we can immediately run after. The parade consisted of some famous Disney characters but should be in the watchlist especially for the young ones. The show lasted 20 minutes and afterwhich, we immediately ran to the Winnie the Pooh show which was a bit boring and short. Dumbo was a classical Disney ride and next was the Mickey Philharmagic which features 4D type of show. We had a chance to meet some Disney mascots which was located beside the carousel too.TOYLANDThe newest attraction for the HK Disneyland was the newly opened Toyland. The place was amazing as it was like having a feel of being a toy with all the gigantic toy props all around. They have the RC roller coaster ride, the parachute drop and the slinky dog. We couldn't ride everything as my youngest daughter wouldn't be able to join us so we opted for the Parachute drop which was like a free fall but in a conservative manner, meaning slower but to no luck, after 40 minutes in line, the ride broke down! We just left the place and headed right away to adventure land.ADVENTURELANDThe only highlight of the adventure land was the Jungle cruise as the Lion King was closed for renovation. Jungle cruise was on a boat controlled by a staff which tours you around some forest with robotic animals and effects. Boring for adults but great fun and fear for kids!TOMORROWLANDLast part of our trip was heading back to tomorrowland. We took the Buzz Astro Blasters which enjoyed the kids so much as you have to shoot the  Z  signs with your laser Astro blasters. We were able to ride this 3x, luckily there was no line at all. After our third try, we took the Autopia which consumed another 40minutes in your queue. The kids enjoyed driving but the short circuit and the traffic would only give you 2minutes of fun. Our last ride was the Stitch Encounter which had the english show at 7:30PM, show was too quick, it could be because they were closing already but as far as I can remember, this show was longer in earlier times. The fireworks started at 8PM on time but because of cold and windy weather, the fireworks were going haywire. Fireworks can't be appreciated as wind was blowing the forms away. Instead, we had a dinner at Comet cafe again before buying souvenirs at the Main St. then heading home to Disney hotel with their complimentary shuttle buses.
The park was surprisingly small. By 4pm, we'd completed most of the rides and waiting around for the fireworks display to start.Lots of jostling and queue cutting from some of tourists, unfortunately. So it kinda spoilt that magical element.The fireworks was fantastic!A must visit if you have young kids or wish to relive your much younger days. If you've teenagers, Ocean Park may be a better bet.
We (hubby and I and our 2 kids) went to Disneyland on a Wednesday after purchasing our Disney tickets from Terminal 2 (HK airport) when we arrived in HK on Monday. We took the MTR to Disneyland and it was a breeze! We went to Tokyo Disneyland previously hence the Mickey train was no surprise though we still enjoyed seeing the Mickey shaped windows... We woke up really early as we reserved the Buffet breakfast with Disney Characters at Enchanted Garden Restaurant, Disneylad Hotel, and needed to be there at 7:30am. We reached around 7:45am and were ushered to our table without any hiccups. It was not cheap but our little girl was thrilled to see Goofy, Pluto, Mickey and Daisy. She especially liked Goofy and Pluto, for some reason  ) Our 8 year old boy was acting  cool  and refused to take pictures with the Disney characters, but I had fun anyway! The weather was perfect, somewhat sunny but cool enough so we could explore the theme park in comfort. We didn't rush to take all the rides and we missed the parade as we were resting in one of the restaurants as my 2  year old girl was taking her afternoon nap and we want her to rest in a quiet place. We went on the Slinky Dog and the Parachute Drop rides in Toyland, and our 2  years old girl was thrilled, and asked to go on the rides again! The food was alright, nothing really spectacular, like all food in theme parks, I suppose   though we thought the dim sum BBQ pork buns (really shaped like a piggie) were cute. We asked our 8 year old son which he preferred, Disneyland Disneysea in Tokyo or Disneyland in HK at the end of the day. He preferred HK Disneyland because the waiting time for each ride is shorter, approximately 10 15min and there was no queue for one of our favourite rides: It's a Small World. In contrast, in Tokyo Disney, the wait time for each ride was around 45min onward, so we spent a considerable time waiting in queues. Having said that, not too bad if you go during the spring or autumn seasons, but we were there in summer, so it was really very warm. Personally, I preferred Tokyo Disneyland sea (despite the queue) in terms of the service of the Disney staff and the really cute merchandise sold there (Japan makes everything cuter, somehow!) I found the Disney staff in Tokyo very warm and enthusiastic, and they really go the extra mile for you! I lost one of my little girl's hairbands which my hubby bought from his work trip in Sweden, and informed the Guest Relations staff, and to our surprise, they found it and delivered it within a few days after we returned to Singapore   we were really not expecting it, to be honest! The staff also really looked as though they were enjoying themselves as well, even as they were explaining the rules of the rides to the tourists! In contrast, most of the staff in HK Disneyland were merely going through the motion and doing their work. That was a little disappointing as you would expect the Disney happy mood to be in the air. WARNING: If you are going to HK Disneyland with young children (any child younger than 11 years old), please please please be careful and keep them close to you! We did notice suspicious characters in HK Disneyland and Ocean Park lurking around, waiting for parents to make a careless mistake. We know people who had lost their young children there!
We are big Disneyland fans and this park didn't disappoint. Don't expect a big park and you'll enjoy yourself. At the same time if your not impressed don't let it put you off going to other Disney Parks. We been to all of them in the USA and will go back again.This park is certainly more suited to younger people as there is really only a few rides that will give you thrills. We purchased a 2 day ticket and ended up doing what we wanted to do in two half days.Don't miss the fireworks. Although like everything its smaller the the USA parks its still amazing and we all agree was one of the highlights of our trip.We went as a couple with our 14yo daughter.
Go in March   cool weather, no local or China holiday, less crowd, max 10 minutes queue to all the rides.
With our son, we had an unforgettable experience in the amusement park Disney Land. We were on the many attractions and we saw the passage of fairy tale characters
This Disneyland is very different from the others. The disneyland is small and very cramped. I was sitting in The train, that takes you to places if you dont want to walk, and it took the most 45 minutes to go all around disneyland. You could probably go through all the rides in a day, so you can see why it is so small, compared to the Disneyland in paris or other disneyland. The attractions are boring, an probaly the BEST attraction is the space mauntain roller coaster type thing. This disneyland would be fun to little kids from 5 7, but ages up would find it very, very boring. I dont recommend this disneyland.
We really enjoyed our visits to this Park   yes it is smaller than the American ones, but you don' t miss out on much, unless you only visit for the full on rides. Early March is a wonderful time to visit   5 min wait time on Space Mountain is unheard of in the US parks. The crowds were low and the weather was kind. Travelling with a wheelchair didn't phase any of the Cast Members and we felt well looked after. The parade   Flights of Fantasy is fun, but the wheelchair zone is too close to the start to enjoy the parade   best spot is where the floats start to go around the round a bout by the castle. If you have time   take a walk along the promenade path from the Disney Ferry Pier to the park   beautiful Disney music and lovely gardens.
Quite small but true to Disneyland in theme and rides. Very convenient to get to through the HK train system. The wait time for rides and attractions is around 3 15 minutes on a non school holiday. Fantasyland has an area dedicated to photos with characters. Lots of Asian food to choose from. Overall the park is small and clean.
The main objective was to take lots of photos with Disney characters. We were hoping to see lots of them.However we were really disappointed as we were not greeted by any Disney characters, nor could we see any of them walking around the park! Only saw Minnie mouse in a    ring    and I joined the queue to take a photo with her, but left the queue halfway through because it was taking toooooo long.We did see all of them in a parade through, but that   s not the same as walking around in the midst of them.Without the Disney characters walking around, Disneyland just seems so unreal and unmagical.
Everything was perfect!  You have to come and see for yourself.
Disneyland is more suitable to young kids than teenage. I bought 2 young kids and 3 teenagers with me. The teenagers claimed that it was not so adventurous enough. However to small kids below 10 years ago, they can participate and play most of the games there.Please remember to plan your time especially you want to take photos with Disney Characters, there are always long queue and small kids always run out of patient to line up. Therefore, you might need to select which characters you like the most and start from there.You can bring water bottle there coz some of the theme park does not allow you to do so. Please do so because the coffee will cost you HKD 22 and it is just an instant coffee. Dining there sure expensive, a fish and chips cost HKD 90. Overall the park is ok and clean. Kids are enjoyable.However, I think one day visit is sufficient. You are able to visit all places in one day.
I heard that Disneyland in HK wasn't up to much but I visited regardless as I am a Disney fan. I have been twice to Disneyworld in Orlando and many years ago a trip to EuroDisney. I found HK Disneyland to be good fun, it's definitely Disney, it's bright, fun, well laid out and if you have kids or even if you don't definitely worth a visit. There's a day's entertainment in it and lots of restaurants and shops for nostalgic browsing. Do it and see for yourself!
This park is geat for the little people not so many rides for the adults. They are very ahppy people and very helpful if you can find things in the park. They welcome you into park with lots of fun, we really enjoyed it.We caught the train to the park and loved the disney train was lovely all the windows like mickey lots of fun things placed around the train . Easy walk to the gate and it was a wonderful day of fun
When you're in Hong Kong, don't miss  Disneyland . A must see place in Asia. Try this place with your kids or elderly. Don't miss also the parade of stars and fireworks display at night. The music is quite awesome as it simulate with the fireworks...boom!A nice place to visit in Hong Kong!
My humble opinion: It may be smaller than the others (been to Paris & Orlando) but its just PERFECT for a family outing for a day. Almost everything is here but slightly scaled down (no need to walk till you drop) and the Chinese food (unique to this location) is actually quite decent (but as usual quite expensive). The crowds don't freak you out (with the exception of the odd Mainlander ; ). The rides and attractions are very well maintained and landscaping quite attractive (for  winter ). Two thumbs up! Especially after 3 times on Space Mountain and Buzz Lightyear's Astro Blaster each. (i scored 999,999!) Woweee!
Spent a whole Wednesday in the park and managed to cover most rides. Size of park was just nice in terms of ability to cover all attractions in a day. Buzz Lightyear ride was a nice surprise. Food was pricey but not unexpectedly so. Start with the train ride around the park to get a feel of what's available. Fireworks show at 8pm was brilliant. Ample photo opportunities with the Disney characters.
This was not our first trip to Hong Kong Disneyland and our main purpose was not just to visit Toyland but since it was there, we had a peek to see what the fuss was about. Compared to the  original  sections of HKD, this new section was a major disappointment. Most of the rides are designed for older kids and adults so no joy for toddlers here, unless your tots are adrenaline junkies. Don't waste your time, stick with the older parts (which we did on our 2nd day) and have a blast there (and we did)! To sum it up   if you are going to HKD just for Toyland, think twice.
although im not a kid, i loved every moment of it and felt like i was in a fairy tale, the fire works were the best. the only bad thing would be the food, i tried the cafe and the restaurant and wasnt impressed at all and the stands were out of cotton candy :(
The size of the park makes it very easy for the children to explore the whole space and the chance for them to ride their favourite rides more than once. Some queues are longer than others but if you time your route properly, usually you do not have to wait more than 10 min for your turn.
I have been here twice and it has something for everyone. My daughters loved it the first time we visited, as you would expect it is very child friendly. The second time we visited, we visited more of the food halls and the food was excellent and not too expensive.
Still maintaining the Disneyland worldwide standard, but is a bit too small for an amusement park. Kids may loved it  but most of the games are too childish for adults :( , but there are some great shows to be enjoyed though. Foods are okay, though not great. Caramel pop corn is super nice :)
We visited the Park in Feb 2012, my family and i have visited Disneyland Paris, California & Florida, although the park is smaller than the others it still has the Disney magic.We caught the MTR to Sunny Bay then the Disneyland train into the park, the station is lovely and can easily cope with the large amount of guests, with directions in Chinese and English pointing you to the entrance.The whole park is (as usual) clean, tidy and very well looked after, great shops and food and as soon as you arrive at the main gate the excitement starts, similar rides to the other parks and the new Toy Story Land which is the same as Disneyland Paris.We pre booked the tickets in the UK at a cost of   118 for 3 Adults and 1 Child which is very reasonable.in a word we loved it.
Its small but perfect for first timers. Long queues on weekends.
The entrance fee is HK$399 pax.  Allocate at least 1 2 day to cover the grounds.  More for children as we visited for the experiences.  Would not want to recommend for couples unless it is your first time
If you have been to any other Disney, this will look like a mini me!  You can do this in a half day.
Disneyland is so beautiful.However,we have to line up too much times for all attraction. Though, attractions were most childish. We grudged having to spend so much time at waiting. Only space mountain was appropriate to teenagers. In conclusion, HK Disneyland is just for children. For children, it will be excellent cite!
music was great. food was great. fireworks are sooo amazing i wanted to cry!! 1 day is not enough!!!
My daughter wants to see every Disney park in the world, so when we were in HK, she made me go. HK Disney is quite small compared to the other Disney parks, but it was a lot of fun. There were hardly any people because of the weather. I heard that on a nice day it's really crowded. We got on all the rides we wanted and had fun shopping, taking pictures with characters (lots and lots of characters) and took the train home long before the parade of lights. We only had umbrellas so we picked up US$5 ponchos with Mickey Mouse on them. Tokyo Disney ponchos cost $30! A fun if wet day.
Fun park with a mini Space Mountain and a few other nice rides.  The best was rick from the jungle cruise who had everybody laughing.  Great job.
its every child dream to meet mickey and minnie and the rest of the disney family...well mine came after 32 yrs and hy husbands after 37 yrs...we were just in bliss and we just turned into a child when we were there.....it was so exciting...rides were good (milder than ocean park)activities were good...the parade was fantastic...the fire works at the sleeping beauty castle was excellent...
I was actually really happy it was smaller as I could actually do everything and not rush as much as I always find my self at other disney parks, I still spent a full day there from open to close. You can see all the construction going on for the two new lands opening in 2012 and 2013 when you are at the top of the parachute drop in Toy Story Land. Loved the Golden Mickeys show (Disney music is one of my favorite things). and the character greeting by the castle was cool because they switch up the characters all day.
Been there twice... this place is good for kids.. they will have a great time... for adults Ocean Park is better i guess :)
If you have been to DL in America you may be a little disappointed as this one is very small in comparison and more for kiddies. Space mountain is the only real adult ride as such, however this is still a place of MAGIC! I went without kids and one thing i thought this Disneyland did better than the US is the stage shows. They were FANTASTIC! The shows run extremely often as they spilt them into languages and if your a westerner they will pull you up and let you know that the show is not in English. Food is still relatively expensive when you compare the price of food out of Disneyland, but it is still cheapish. I highly recommend you catch the train there, as it's very straight forward and it's charactorized. The windows are mickey shaped and inside are cabinets of charactors to entertain you. I tried to look at all of them, but made it to disneyland before I got to. The train does get busy but I had a seat at any moment.
1 full day should be enough for the entire area.  Remember to check the schedule for the disney character at each location for photos
Compared to other Disneyland, it is small, but they are busy expanding. Unfortunately did not get to meet any of the Disney Pixar characters as the lines for them were extremely long. Food choices are plentiful but be prepared to pay for very high prices, even the little snack foods ie. popcorn is expensive. Still all in all we had a great time, for anyone who has never been to any of the other Disneyland's, its still an amazing first time experience. The evening closing of fireworks display was truly out of this world, a night to truly remember. Would be nice for the park to stay open a bit later though as 8pm is really early.
A great place to visit...Staff was friendly and helpful, nice food. So much fun taking photo with the characters, enjoying the rides too. Parade was fantastic, so don't miss it!
if you've been to disneyworld in florida, then you will be in for some disappointment when you visit hk disneyland. still, if this is your first visit to any disneyland in the world, the child in you will enjoy it. this place is smaller than the one in florida so you can go over the attractions in a day. if you want to take in all the shows and go on all the rides, however, best to allot two days. its more advisable to go on a weekday as the park is less crowded and the lines for the rides shorter. some tips: wear very comfortable walking shows as going to disneyland entails a lot of walking; consult the schedule for the shows first (festival of the lion king, golden mickeys, etc) so you can plan the time you allot for rides and other attractions; fireworks at sleeping beauty's castle is 8 p.m. so go to the site around 30 minutes before the show so that you can get a good spot.the highlight of my trip was not the theme park itself but riding on the disney train which took us to the park from sunny bay mtr. the train's windows are in the shape of mickey's head, the seats are cushioned and there are glass displays of the different disney characters inside the train. your child and the child in you will enjoy a ride on the disney train.
It is even smaller than the Paris Disneyland, and certainly miniscule compared to the Orlando Disney World   not very impressive, and very very crowded because there were few rides and lots of people! And then it rained and there was nothing to do. We took a day pass, but were done in about half a day.
We visited Disneyland in Hongkong last March 6, 2012 and i can say except for the really cold weather in Hongkong that we had a really great time. The rides are great for the kids and the kids at heart.. The newest attraction Toy Story was good but in my opinion lacks more rides and activities. Downfall    Disney Mascots are hard to find, Unlike in Universal studios where in they walk around the park.. and they only stay in one place for picture takings in a very minimal time. so better be fast and always on guard if they are near or around somewhere so you could sure be first on line.
Clean, beautiful and easy to get to   this is a really nice Disneyland.  It is much smaller than the Anaheim or Disney World Orlando   but it is being expanded.  The Chinese visitors really get into the spirit of Disneyland.
Having visited Disney in Florida X 3, California & Paris, we were not surprised to see Disney HK to look the same as the others, although it is only Magic Kingdom, but there were no crowds and only small queues. We got stopped at Buzz lightyear for getting fast passes because you can just walk straight on, stunned. Lovely park, perfectly clean & immacualte as always. Didn't know Mickie and crew could speak Mandarin, although the shows were translated into english, easy ride by mtr to sunny bay and then change to disney, a smooth journey as you come to expect with disney even at the end of the day after the traditional fireworks. Would have like to have seem a more traditional chinese approach to something within the park (Donald did have a chinese silk shirt on) stuggled to bring home a chinese disney momento, found a photo frame which was really for a chinese wedding, looked christmassy enough for me to bring out each year. Love you Disney, wish my kids were not growing up so fast. Staff excellent even helped me with a problem I had with my emailed ticket through expedia in the uk, could not do enough to ensure you received excellent service, I even emailed their Head office to say thank you.
Try the most daring ride RC ride and also the space shuttle
Smaller than the other 4 Disneylands but still well worth a visit! . Our 3rd Disneyland in 3 different countries on this same trip. So I was getting a little Disney ed out, but the kids love it of course!
Its small enough to do in a day. We got there early and only had a 5 minute wait for space mountain! Kids had a ball, loved Toy Story land and all the rest.
The place is small as compare to orginial but its an amazing place. Go there as early as possible to avoid long queues...
please be more innocent when you get in this wonderland! just enjoy!!! check out all the shows and rides, they are growing more bigger!!
This was my first ever visit to a Disneyland and I'm so glad I finally got to one   at the ripe old age of 62. My initial doubt, when boarding the special Disneyland train at Sunny Bay was ...  Oh dear, have a feeling this is all going to be a bit cheesy!  But I needn't have worried   it was FUN! I felt like an 8 year old, LOL talk about excitement!We visited on a week day when crowds weren't quite so overwhelming and found the lines queuing for rides, attractions etc., were not too long. We stopped for lunch in the Corner Cafe and were taken to a table immediately.All in all we had a ball at Hong Kong Disneyland and are already saving our pennies for a return visit.
I was with my hubby and my teenager kids...The climate was so cold and really like it! I did enjoy the park so much than my kids do! I really like Disney characters specially mickey and Minnie. Nice foods, cute souvenir items and helpful and smiling staffs....But, mind you, 2 day pass is much preferable or better be there as soon as the park opens till the fireworks display...we only spent half of the day till fireworks,  BITIN .....I did enjoy the Philbar Magic, the Golden Mickey show, so awesome!!!! Don't forget to take your family pictures with the disney staff, it's worth the money you paid for. The pics are really cute and for keeps, though it cost a bit high (HK$ 130 for 8x10 size) but as i said, worth  FOR KEEPS!  and after all,you go there to experience the MAGIC just as I DO!!!!! To Mickey, Minnie and the rest of the gang, SEE YOU SOON!!!!! for sure, i'll be back again to feel the magic and be young again!
Great place to visit. With lots of cute ride but not exciting enough if compared to ocean park
Loved HK Disneyland.  This was the only Disneyland I hadn't been to in the world, so of course I had to visit.  I especially loved Toy Story Land as I've never seen that at another park.  Walking in to the park made me slightly homesick...More
Disneyland   a winner with the kids.   Sadly, not enough variety of rides for adults. Wish there were more things to do here!! Love the place   just not enough stuff to keep me there for an entire day.
What we really liked is the small crowd.  No lines, great staff, funny parade with chinese actors, good fireworks. We spent a great day there, and it was also good to have dumplings and shrimps for lunch, not burgers and french fries.
Very well organised and the some of the rides like World is a small village, Pooh etc are too good for young kids
I wasn't expecting much out of  HK Disneyland and it turned out to be a pleasant surprise! The train that brings us into Disneyland station was Mickey inspired and I really do feel that I am entering another world.   I went on just 1 ride...More
A fantastic day.  Everything was clean, Food was cheap and nice, Staff were great.
X3 kids, 7,10, 12, extortionate price, very small, poor rides, ages in queues, should have gone to Jade Bhudda or Ocean world instead, biggest regret and waste, kids agreed! Chinese music, very chinese, not disney like, didnt see characters, no Disney music other than in Toy story world.
Very cute rides and very resembles disney. I loved the food too. Not bad quality! I like all of the rides and places to see! great rollercoaster especially!
party of four adults and two children aged 10 yrs. and 12 yrs. two days feb. 2012.stayed at hollywood hotel and loved it.disneyland perhaps caters for children aged a little younger than this.having said this we enjoyed the couple of faster rides on site and most of all the fireworks display at the end of the day made it al worthwhile.food at the park and hollywood hotel is very affordabe. quite a surprise.
I love the rides  this is for all ages.  I love the fact that people are honest and kind  we left a tripod and we didn't expect that someone will give it to the Lost and Found Area.
This is the second time I visit this wonderland since 2005. Frankly to say there is not much progress in the park. I pay my visit to Disney in the world many times(from FL LA TOKYO PARIS), this is the least park i would like to go again! Something is missing in this park! which belongs to Disney and Mickey!BTW, Please learn to line up before play!
You can easily reach here by MTR which are specially designed with Disney character.Its a nice theme park but not as large as we expected.We covered the park in about 5 hours but you can surely spend whole day.I am sure it would be best place for kids, they would enjoy a lot as there are many activities for them.There are not many rides in this mark, small rides for kids portraying the Disney characters.There is a daily parade at 3 pm, which is must watch.There are other shows like Festival of Lion King, Golden Mickey and 4D Mickey movie which are very interesting.Also don't miss the fabulous firework show at 8 pm, it's beautiful.You would not get wide variety of food, do carry some snack food if traveling with kids.Also the shops are very expensive, but you would not get any Disney souvenirs in any local markets.So do buy from the park itself.
This Disneyland has been set up to sell T shirts and stuffed toys.  For every ride (of which there are few), there will be 5 outlets trying to sell you merchandising.   One for the fans only   Save your money and go elsewhere.
The staff are accommodating for photos and the place is large enough to go around for a day. However, its a bit far and food options are limited.
HK Disneyland was much better then expected   its true that it is best suited to younger children but my children (age 12 and 8) enjoyed it. Its like all the other Disney parks   immaculate and very well run. One day there is enough time. We arrived at 10am and left after the fireworks at 8pm. There were no problems with queues   I think the longest we waited for a ride was 20 minutes (we went on a monday). It seemed the rides more suited to young children had the longest queues whereas Space Mountain we only waited 5 minutes each time! One of the highlights of our day were the shows   Lion King and The Golden Mickeys   really professional shows and the Lion King was like a shorter version of the West End production. Food was not up to much   but then it never is at Disney. Would advise doing the boat trip in adventure land after dark   we thought it would be quite lame but it turned out to be a bit scary (but fun!).
Other people have said this a small park, that is correct but you can very easily spend a whole day here! It was an amazing day and was fun to be a child again for the day! We arrived @ 10 am and stayed until the end of the day! Food is very reasonable & tasty! And also the entry fee is the cheapest of all Disney parks & the new ToyStory land is a very welcome addition! Even is you have been to other Disney parks i would defiantly advise going here! As Disney does east meeting west very well!! :)
Loved Disneyland, so clean and set out beautifully!  We managed to do and see everything, but unfortunately it was just too cold to stay and watch the fireworks!  Worth going even if you don't have children!
First off, if you have been to Disneyland in California or Disney world in Florida you will be a bit disappointed. My Wife and I took a side trip to Hong kong for a couple of days on our way back home to California. I always wanted to see how the different Disneyland properties differ outside of the U.S. First and foremost DO NOT compare this place to any of the Disneyland parks in the US, you will just hate your visit. The best way to get here is by MTR. there is a station that drops you off at the main entrance. We Came from Kowloon so it only took less than 30mins during the morning rush...not bad. If you do plan on coming here go visit the Big Buddha and the Monastery first and do Disneyland in the afternoon. The park entrance fee is about $55US. At first glance as you stand at the front you will swear that your at Disneyland or the Magic Kingdom in Florida, but thats where it ends. It's packed, and i mean packed! We really didnt go on much of the rides because of the lines...2 hours is way to long to wait. It's fun to try the diffrent foods they have here...like Fish balls...at DISNEYLAND?!?! awesome. The pictures was pretty much the highlight of the trip to HK Disneyland. Pros  it's unique, it's the cheapest i've ever paid to get into Disneyland. There is no shortage of people willing to take your photo..not just one shot..maybe 2, 5, 17..lol. The staff is very friendly. Cons  It's expensive inside the park. $45 for a sweater?!?! it's small...really small. People just walk right in front of you when your taking a picture..so freaking rude! it's crowded.You can finish the park in less than 4 hours.
If you love Disneyland's thrill rides, then HK Disneyland will be a little disappointing. The one rollercoaster Space Mountain doesn't even make a loop at this version of the park...however, it's a joy for families with small children who want a day out.
more directed for the very young. entrance fees was bit expensive about 144us for 2 adults and 1 child, however the subway system is very clean and quite extensive and it cost for 3 passengers from TSIM SHA TSUI Kawloon to Disneyland and return about 5 us bucks
It's our first time in Hong Kong and of course we wouldn't miss Disneyland in our itinerary! Parking is spacious. They have their own MTR station which is awesome. The entrance (arc) itself is an attraction already, it's a sign you really got to Disneyland. A lot of people take pictures from there up to the fountain with a whale and Mickey Mouse on it.Most of the rides here are for kids only. I think Space Mountain and RC Racer are the only rides not 'really' suitable for kids.Make sure you visit all of the lands, especially Toy Story Land! Only HK and Paris has this one. And make sure you catch the Flights of Fantasy Parade and the fireworks at 8 PM in front of Sleeping Beauty's castle.
It's a small Disneyland compared to those in USA.  But still, the magical experience is amazing!
Visit Hongkong Disneyland since open till close in Chinnese New Year. So many attractions there... and close you visit in the Disneyland after watch the best fireworks......
It's a small park, and so it's perfect for small kids and toddlers to manage in a day
A place for everyone! I always feel younger (sometimes like a child) when in Disneyland!  Stay for the Parade and Fireworks! And don't forget to take a photo of the train to Disneyland!
After moaning and groaning about 'having' to spend a day with the kids, my husband and I LOVED it!!  Between the amazing rides, the 4D cinema, the quality asian food, not having to wait for long to get into things, the cleanliness, we were impressed!!
We had the opportunity to visit the park during the Chinese New Year Celebration. The park was decorated with Year of the Dragon touches throughout which was very nice to see. This year the new attraction was the newly added Toy Story Land area with rides and attraction inspired by the movie. We especially enjoyed going on the Parachute Drop which was mild enough for the little ones and thrilling enough for us adults to enjoy. The queue was rather long compared to other attractions but its understandable since its the new ride. If you have never been to Hong Disney Disney, I would strongly recommend a visit. The park is the newest Disney theme park at just 6y o. It is also the smallest of the disney parks. Compared to the Magic Kingdom in Orlando, this place is really tiny. Everythings scaled smaller from Mainstreet USA , The Castle to Tomorrowland, etc. Little touches that remind you that you're not in Orlando are the Asian influences throughout the park. I highly recommend the Chinese cuisine offered at many of the restauants but hamburgers are also offered for the less adventurous. The quality of food and the presentation is much better than at Orlando Disney parks. I found all the staff are very helpful and all spoke very good english.If you only have time for one show during your visit I highly recommend The Golden Mickeys. Its a live performance Broadway styled show which Im pretty sure is exclusive to Hong Kong Disneyland. Its a fabulous performance not to be missed!
This is a small park but the prices are real decent compared to California and Florida USA. We had a full day and I believe we did most of the adult rides and viewed most of the exhibits. Was worth the 360 HK ( less than 50 US )
Immensely enjoyed a recent trip to Hong Kong Disneyland.   I recommend purchasing your ticket which comes with the food coupon to save some HKD.
This was a wonderful day out where we felt young again. The fireworks show at the end of the day was awesome!
This was our second visit to Hong Kong Disneyland and it still holds that 'quaint' appeal. Having been fortunate enough to have visited Disneyland in Anaheim twice it is difficult not to make comparisons.Whilst smaller in scale, it is still a lovely park to visit. Small children of course loved it as did most adults we saw.There was the new Toy Story section which was great with Slinky Dog and Paratroop Drop firm favourites.Buzz Lightyear of course deserved a return visit (four times in fact) as did most of the rides.If you are going in the cooler weather make sure to take take gloves, hat and a warm coat as it can get quite chilly as the day progresses.If you have never been to Disneyland this is a great introduction. It is still the 'Happiest Place on Earth .
Great way to spend the day. Its Disneyland. how can you not enjoy it?
I guess we're spoiled having lived in California just down the road from the original Disneyland. HK Disneyland is a fun day out, but lacks a lot of the rides that you'll see in Disneyland or Disneyworld in Florida. The biggest queues are for the little kids rides (The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh always seems to have the longest queue), whilst Spacemountain is easy to do repeat rides (especially as a single rider). There are good food options and ther's enough to do, that on a day when you're challenged to entertain small children, it's definitely worthwhile. With teenagers, you'll end up on Space Mountain alot!
Hong Kong Disneyland is the smallest disneyland I've ever been. Unlike the Disneyland in Florida, Disneyland in Hongkong didn't have much ride for adults or a ride that quite thrilling. But it's still Disneyland after all, so I'm still happy with it. The journey to Disneyland is interesting, since the have a special custom MTR, with mickey's head as the window. So you'll never ride a wrong MTR to go to Hongkong Disneyland.
The merchandise in this Disneyland was catered more toward an Asian market... with only a select few characters promoting the place (mainly Minnie and Winnie the Pooh). There are lots of cute stationary on offer compared to plush and other toys. I had a great time here though. The lines weren't long (which meant we were over and done with in a few hours) and it was nice to get a thrill in the Toy Story land.
Must watch Diney Fireworks. My other  Personal Favorites are Space Mountain, Lion King, Philharmonic and River Cruise.
Clean, tidy, well organised park. Easy to navigate around and easy to get to on the MTR. Lines for pics with some characters were long but not too bad.... needs more adult thrill rides.
This is the closest Disneyland Park to us. And i think we at least visit it once on our lifetime (hehe). My son always been a fan of DIsneyl characters esp Mickey & Friends and Toy Story troops (especially Buzz Lightyear). For me, our visit was a perfect timing since it is winter in HK. But even it is a weekday (we went on a Friday) there were still so many people in the park but i think the lines were still manageable so it is advisable to went here during weekdays. A day is not enough especially if you have kids in tow the park is super child friendly, you can rent stroller, there's a specified parking for it to every ride. And do not never ever missed Mickey and Minnie photo opp either on Mainland Garden or @ the Fantasy Garden. And of course don't missed Fireworks Display..:D
what a great day! Recommend to get there early to avoid line ups for rides. We got into the park by just after 10am. We hit the rides straight away and didnt have to line up however by lunch time the line up was up to 25 minuts for rides. Recommend that you catch the MTR to Disneyland, Easy and hassle free way of getting about for a great price. Taxi was 10 times more expensive than the MTR!
Children may find it fun. But there have to be parents around just for waiting on long queues and pay the bill for expensive food. They will search you in side out for packed sandwiches or drinks in your belongings, even more profession than the custom officers you'll find in the airport. But if you fancy the Mickey and Minnie characters and the evening parade and closing fireworks, you should go.
the greatest place of all. magical world. fantastic performance
really good to visit but a bit small compare to other disney over the world, rides are for small children but worth to visit
It would be unfair to compare it to the ones in Florida and LA. But its not a bad alternative if you live in the Austral Asia region. Has all the usual. One thing that struck us was the number of adults visiting there from Mainland...More
BORING... too kiddy.... They need some scary grown up rides to appeal to all the family... not another  Its a small world... too cutesy..
This park is ok, the location is not so great comparing to ocean park. Not so many rides and attractions, quite crowded. The parade and the fireworks are the best things in Disneyland.
Magical place to go. The train station going to Disneyland is already Disney themed, with pictures and statues of Disney characters inside the train and Mickey Mouse themed handles and windows. There are lots of things to do inside Disneyland; the parade and fireworks are a must see! Foods are expensive    more than 50 HKD. Children will definitely have a good time here. Adults will enjoy some of the rides. We only enjoyed 4 rides in the place.
visited on feb 2012 with my family. overall is a magical experience, having grown up with disney cartoons and never been to other disneyland before. however, the tourists there, almost majority from mainland china, is just plain rude and lack basic manners. they will shove their way into your line if there is a tiny space for them and never bother to say 'sorry' if they step knock you or 'excuse me' if they wanna go through.also,the waiting line for some ride is too long. maybe there is a need to limit the tourists per day?
excellent place, accomodating people, exciting place
Apparently, its the smallest Disneyland there is, but hey   when you are less than a meter tall and all your favourite cartoons are walking around you, who cares?!We got to see a few princesses (whose identity were lost on me but not on my little friends). They got hungry quickly so it was kinda good and cool that the maps actually listed out every single thing that was available in the park and which corner. (ie. you can get cotton candy candy floss at the left corner of Fantasyland and if you prefer waffles instead, there is a specific streetcart you can get it at such and such a place). This is important because when kids see something and they want it. They want IT and nothing else. So I'm glad it was easy to 'hunt' for the cotton candy.Because it was small I suppose it was less crowded than the one in Florida   I'm not sure, but it meant we got to sit right by the parade and dance with a few mascot characters. This drove my 5 and 2 year old friends completely out of their mind; it was like y'know, the coolest thing ever. At that age....The show in Adventureland scared them out a bit because all the other rides attractions were held outdoors and had bright colourful lights so going straight into a dimly lit auditorium with a huge lion perching and staring at you from the top was pretty scary. Unfortunately, but not unexpectedly, you have to wait from 30 45 minutes in line for the rides which is a long time if you have kids. Maybe it would be better if one parent stood in line while the kids went somewhere else to run off the sugar instead...
Not very big, boring.  If you're 14 or older, than you shouldn't go, they've nothing fun for adults.
Went on the Sunday before Christmas and paid for the 3 hour tour, meaning you get to walk straight on to the rides for this 3 hour period. The park was pretty busy and this was well worth the money as my 2 children (aged 6 and 4) would not have enjoyed queuing for over 60 minutes to get on a ride!The rides are perfect for kids like mine, I think older children would find it a bit tame, although they are adding new rides all the time.Like all Disneylands it is done very well, with excellent shows and parades and just a general feeling of magical happiness!Unlike other Disneys we have visited though, the prices inside Disney are reasonable, food is no more expensive than in a similar restaurant downtown, which is really good.All in all, we cannot wait to go back!
very crowded, people push everywhere...   rides not up to expectation, no disney magic  (
went there with my husband and daughter may 2011, my daughter had fun, lots of fun... it's quite small, we went for 2 days, but realistically, you can cover it within an afternoon, but kids love it.:) personally, i felt that the mascots were not as friendly as they were in Florida Disneyland or even Tokyo...still, Disneyland is a fantasyland for kids and we're looking forward to Shanghai Disneyland which will open on 2016 (Phase 1)...
didn't really like it especially i have been to other disneylands as well... in comparison with ocean park, i would go for the latter anytime but would think twice about going back to disneyland again
I went to the HK Disneyland for a day with my family. If you've been to other parks, such as Paris, Anaheim, Orlando etc, it wont seem worth it in my opinion. If you have teenagers, i'd say over the age of ten, there may be 3 rides they'll really enjoy. There are many rides for small children though. The park is very small compared to the others. There are some good food stands and restaurants in the park. It is pretty well put together, and Main St. is amazing as in the other parks. Fireworks were great. I woud go on a monday or something, and off season is better as holidays and peak season its very busy. I would recommend this park for smaller children, but not nesecarilly for older kids.
Helpful staff inside the HK Disneyland. The average waiting time for popular game is 1 hour only, which is shorter than the one in Paris. Similar park size as Paris one.
It is small but just right for 1 day trip you can cover in one day but gets crowded during holidays. I hate mainland chinese tourist who will spoil your experience due to there poor mannerism and lack of basic courtesy.
There was a lot to see but there was less  machines  that you could go to than in Paris. The metro to disneyland had mickey mouse windows etc. You can go shopping to this outlet  mall when going back to city centre. And the big buddha is also on the way. That was great too!
be back for the lion king show again! and hope to bring my nephew this time around
Out of all the Disneylands, HK one is the smallest.I am also surprised to see that the technology (eg Winnie the Pooh) in Tokyo is even higher than HK.... and the HK Disneyland is supposed to be newer than the Tokyo Disneyland.I hope the new additions will be better.... instead of pulling the legs of the HKners again by the US Disney people...
Smaller park compared to the USA mainland parks, but definitely shorter lines. You could tour the park twice over in 4 hours. Watch the Lion King Show!
Great trip there with the family. Quick train trip from the city and then a shorter trip on the Disney themed train was easy. Access was easy and quick. It very cold when we went so the crowd numbers where down. Great tip, travel on cold days. Due to the small crowds we did not have to weight long. I would get there early. Only issue was that it took a bit to get used to the local pushing into you or pushing their kids in front of you.
I've been to other disneyland but I consider this quite convenient due to its small size. Even with its size, the attractions are great plus not to miss is the awesome laser and fireworks show.
We have been to two other Disney parks (Orlando and Tokyo), and based on our observation the staff in Hong Kong Disneyland are not as friendly and attentive as those we have come across before in the other two Disneyland parks.The crowds in Hong Kong are out of control. The crowds are a little bit uncivilised     cut queue. While I was sitting on the bench to watch the parade suddenly two youngsters came and stand on the bench next to me   I felt annoyed. Their shops sell high quality souvenirs but quite pricey.Nevertheless we really enjoyed the Lion King Show and also boat ride in Adventureland!
I like smaller parks: a place where I need to come more than one day overwhelms me. If you are careful with your timing, you can do most of the rides without waiting: start at the back, and wait for the rides in Toy Story Land, work your way forward. In the last hour, the lines disappear, and we did the three most popular rides in less than forty minutes total.
Disney will always be Disney... expect the grand parades and famouns rides (except for the Pirates)... new attraction Toy Story which is an updated version of Toon Town.  Don't miss the Lion King Show!
Easily accessible by changing to the Disneyline at Sunny Bay MTR station. It is then a 10min walk to the entrance ticket booth. The staff in Hong Kong Disneyland are not as friendly and attentive as those I have come across before in Tokyo's Disneyland. The daily firework display at night is simply breath taking. In comparison to other Disneylands, the one here in Asia is somewhat the miniature, scaled down version. Like a  best pick  of the bigger parks...
As much as I want to like HK Disneyland, both times I have gone I have left disappointed. The crowds are out of control   you can hardly walk at times! I felt annoyed as the waiting time for rides, restaurants, anything really, was just ridiculous. Unless you are a very patient person with very patient children I would avoid it.
Disneyland, what a place.  You are never too old to enjoy Disney.  A smaller park than seen in the US but still had a great time.
I like the Disneyland in Hong Kong ok. It is not so expensive. Disney in Tokyo is much better but more expensive. There have more rides and fun things to see but our Disney is now bigger. Have Toy Story and new parks this year so go in 2013 is better. I think I go then for next time to Disneyland in Hong Kong.
Been there once only.  It is a bit small compared to the Disneyland elsewhere in the world but I think one can consider to spend half day there.  Better to go in the morning to avoid the crowd.
I went with 3 adults just for a laugh.  We were there a couple of hours and left.  Really not much for anyone over 5 y.o!
I don't really like theme parks very much but my child like hubby was looking forward to this so we spent a day at Disney and took a few rides, endured the long lines and posed with Mickey. It was a fun quick fix. Their shops sell high quality souvenirs but quite pricey. I would just go to Mongkok for giveaways to friends.
The fireworks show was so nice! However, make sure you get there early to get a good spot...! Good theme park to visit for it's price, but quite small and with minimal rides, for what one would expect in a Disneyland.
I'm looking forward to the Haunted House (or equivalent) coming soon but I do love the Jungle ride and It's a small world.
it's small but so well done; all in a great setting. try to stay for the amazing fireworks...they're wonderful.
Hong Kong Disneyland is for kids and the kids at heart. Very nice especially the ride all you can. Food is kind of expensive though.
My 9 year old loved the place though not many enjoyable rides its more like a disney city.  4 d movies are a must watch  dont miss the parade (we did n were very disappointed)  Fireworks are just awsummm
This is like a tapas version of a bigger Disneyland. Small but very charming. Try to go on weekdays as on weekends locals add to the number of tourists. Hotel is lovely and very special, so try to stay there instead of staying in HK Island or Kowloon, your family will appreciate it.
The food joints are mediocre and I like Around the World in 80s enclosure the best. Worth the visit. Bring your own bottle water.
Hongkong disneyland was a fun trip. Its best to catch the several shows going on. Going on the safari was fun. The food available is nothing to write home about. The experience could be much better in pleasanter (non humid weather)
Super compact, it's a very small park with only a handful of rides. Definitely excited to see the rest of the park open up. Ride the RC Car, it's goof!
I love Disney and have visited Paris, Orlando and Hong Kong. Don't event think this is going to be like the Disney at Disney World in Florida. It is tiny, the castle is more like a castle ette, but Disney still has that magic no matter what country it is in. This is a great Disney for a first time experience but if you have been to other parks before you are going to be disappointed. One major recommendation   eat before you go. Main Street USA has very few, if any Western restaurants, most are geared towards the Chinese palette. Space mountain is a great ride, and Small World is great too. The jungle experience where you go down the river on the river boats is exactly the same as the one in Florida and the Buzz Lightyear is the same as well.I never miss Disney when I come to Hong Kong, but just be prepared this is not as big nor grand as any other Disneyland.
The park is getting very crowded now with lots of rude and abusive mainland Chinese tourists. They love to jump queue and spit. Food quality and price in the park is AWFUL!
Not only did my grandchild enjoyed Disney, we all did! We stayed until closing time and it was worth it. Love the parafe and fireworks!
I debated against going when I first read reviews but now I am glad I did, definitely a place to go if you have children but still enjoyable if you don't, allow a whole afternoon and evening and that should be plenty if time.The fireworks display is a must it encapsulates what Disneyland is all about
we were there on christmas day!, the surroundings were colorful and fun!until now, my daughter loves to look at her video almost every night before going to sleep, shouting for her fave character, mickey!
HK Disneyland has a typical disneyland layout and quality standards, but is missing (1) Pirates of the Carribean, (2) Thunder Mountain, (3) Haunted House, (4) Bear Singing Review, (5) Tiki Birds Singing, (6) Star Wars Tours, and (7) Peter Pan. Furthermore, Small World was closed for renovation. They substituted live shows such as Lion King, Mickey Review and a 3 D film    essentially replacing machinery with low cost Chinese labor. There is also a strange Toy Story area. For a small child's first Disney experience, it is okay; for anyone else it is unsatisfying.
It is small but you can still spend a day having fun there!  Great for small childern, MTR will take you to Disney so no need to stay
many people save for a lifetime to go to disneyland. dont waste time going to hongkong.in december 2011 there was no waterworld.absolutely boring. nothing much for teens to do or see.waste of my time and money. full of retail stores selling souvenirs of characters.yes sell souvenirs but is that the only attraction. the kids were bored..........11 years 9 years and 16 years old.
quite the opposite of the real world! never understood what people see in it!
If you've ever been to the Magic Kingdom, then you'll understand when I say all of Hong Kong Disneyland could probably fit into Fantasyland and Tomorrowland. That being said, it does offer a lot the familiar rides and the cast members are fantastic. Plus, unlike the Tokyo Disney Resort, you can pin trade here! It'll take less than a day to see the whole park (I'm not kidding), so it's great even if you only have a few hours and need a Disney fix! The shows are awesome, too!
Everything in Disney is worth seeing and experiencing.the food the rides and especially the Tarzan house.the water ride into Africa was terrific.
It is a really good place for travelers to go. It contains many games for children and adults to join. Everynight, there will be a firework presentation. It is a EXCELLENT place for travelers.
What a place. 2 days pass not enough. Take inputs from someone who knows the place sp you can go there and hit the right rides and shows early. Ride space mountain it's funnnnn. Don't stay at the hotel, unless you have loads of money and your kids are very small...
Went there with family. Its very colourful and vast. Its more of kiddy rides. But we enjoyed the shows and it was very colourful and we had good time. The metro service is superb to Disney world.
if you've ever been to Disneyland in Anaheim or Disneyworld in Florida you'll be in for a shock at this watered down version of Disneyland that doesn't have many of iconic rides and attractions of the original. The upside is that you can make it around the park in a day   no problem. There's not that much to see. Food is catered to the China visitors.
We were done in Disneyland in 3 hours, rides included. How magical. (We appreciate the lack of queue and crying children.) Considering that it takes some time to get from the city to Disneyland, it doesn't seem that worth it to go at all. Skip this and perhaps try Ocean Park instead.
if you've ever been to Disneyland in Anaheim or Disneyworld in Florida you'll be in for a shock at this watered down version of Disneyland that doesn't have many of iconic rides and attractions of the original. The upside is that you can make it around the park in a day   no problem. There's not that much to see. Food is catered to the China visitors.
For folks who have visited other Disneyland Parks, this would appear to be a mini version. However what is encouraging is that more attractions are being added and there is a roadmap to do so. The attractions are up to the mark, the 3D show as well as Lion King and Live Disney shows are excellent   appealing to kids and adults equally. Eating options within the park are adequate, though at times crowded. We visited during X Mas holidays and could see the special lighting and decorations. Souvenier shops are pricey, somewhat exhorbitant for some of the Disney branded items. The acess to Disneyland is superb, right next to MTR station, car parks and bus stations are easily walkable by kids. There was a very long queue to get the entry tickets, especially given holiday season, However we had pre booked on internet (or one could book at select MTR stations) and collected the tickets by swiping the same credit card which was used to buy the tickets online on ticket collecting machines   which was a breeze. Overal fine experience.
It was an almost perfect place to bring children. Disneyland offers wonders that never cease to amaze, the young and the old alike. Rides are fantastic and age appropriate. However, we had to stand in long queues before getting into one (especially BUZZ's and the Lion King Show). Nonetheless, they were all worth the wait. Perhaps we have come on the wrong day for we were told that it was a holiday. The staff were helpful and are able to fairly converse in English.
Why else would the food be so disgusting? I had a bowl of Japanese noodles that cost twice what it would have costed outside of disney, but tasted like a bowl of instant noodles with too much MSG (imagine that). The burger was like cardboard and the fries were from a few days ago (or maybe it was just a special flavor). The smoke Turkey leg was dug out of the back of a storage room left forgotten since grandpa was a lad.Disneys in the US and Paris both offer decent food. Not sure what happened to Disney in HK. We left only after the fireworks, so we were all starving. But we would rather starve then eat the crappy food at Disney!!! Why does it have to be a lose lose situation? Give me reasonable food, then Disney can make money and I can leave with a full tummy!
This Disneyland are full with some disgusting people.There is no LINE between all these people and we have to wait for every ride as far as 40 minutes to 1 hour to get a ride , and the wait is not WORTH it than a ride for 40 SECOND and about the MAXIM restaurant inside the Disneyland are THE WORST, THE BADDEST, THE YUCKIEST, THE JERKIEST, THE RIPPEST MONEY from all of my experience restaurant EVERRR!!!!I don't think I will go back in my life to this restaurant and I am regret to eat at this restaurant with almost 500 HK$ for NO TASTE NOODLE, and for 9 pcs BBQ pork skin, and 12 pcs BBQ PIG, and the Shrimp Ball order was came with no Fresh Shrimp taste at All, The Shrimp Ball was smells not right, and their bill come with 10 % service chargewith NO SERVICE AT ALLLL!!!! Horrible... and I will not be back...sorry that's not my good experience..
A small version of the other Disney parks worldwide. We have been to California, Florida and Paris. Some attractions are similar like Space Mountain (tamer version), Philharmagic, Small World, but also has different ones as well, including new area   Toy Story Land and will be opening a  haunted mansion  like attraction and Thunder Mountain like attraction in the next year.
We stayed 2 nights at the Disneyland Hong Kong Hotel. We are avid Disney fans! It is much smaller than any other Disney park and the attractions in most cases are similar like Space Mountain (much tamer and smaller) and It's a small world (unfortunately, closed) but a wonderful experience with the new Toy Story Land. The hotel was like the Grand Floridian in appearance, but the room we stayed in was old. The bathroom was looking shabby. If you love Disney, you need to stay and experience it.
This is definitely not Disney World. It is very small, but worth the experience especially if you are using your Disney Vacation Points, because the park tickets are free if you use your points to stay at the Disney Hotels. Will probably not go back, but definitely glad we went.
Nice place and everything was organized quite well. Lot's of shops and all kind of Disney stuff.  If have child up to 7 year good place to visit
My family are huge Disney fans  we go to Orlando every two years or so and love it. My two daughters (then 14 and 17) went for my daughters graduation present to Hong Kong and had to go to Disney. We loved it  they took pictures with their favorite princesses, rode all the best rides, and had tons of fun wandering around. The ride to the park was one of the best parts, though  the Disney subway is too cool!
This is by far the smallest Disneyland of all. There are only 5 parks in total. The latest park is Toy Story Land. Having spent the whole day here, we managed to try almost everything (of course rides and activities that suit our liking) in a day. My favourite park of all was Fantasyland. The Golden Mickey Award Show and Mickey Philharmagic are something not to be missed. Disney Parade is somewhat frequent and the firework display starts at 9pm. While waiting for the firework display, we even got on not so adult ride to kill time ^^. There are plenty of food outlets around Disneyland however expensive and gift shops. All you need is a pair of strong legs to roam about. This is a great place for both young and old. Of course children will enjoy it the most.
As a kid I'd always dreamt about visiting Disneyland and the magic that I would experience. But now some 20 odd years later, I should have known better then to expect anything more then just your run of the mill amusement park. Yes it had all the disney characters and rides but it just isn't that great! The rides are definately catered towards little kids. There was maybe 2 or 3 rides that the older kids would find more exciting, all the rest are very tame. As expected the food is over priced and I think it sux that Disneyland does not allow you to take your own food in. So I think as a kid you will love this place but for me personally, its an average experienece. I also feel that the admission fee is way too overpriced.
Love that it is cheaper to get into than most Disney Parks, but far better bang for your buck. Queues are far shorter than at other parks, and it is lovely and clean. All the snacks & drinks are reasonably priced, too, and good quality.
We were expecting a much bigger park then what we saw. Whilst the park was good it could be viewed in 5 hours at most. Ok for the kids bit I certainly wouldn't make it the basis of a trip to Hong Kong.
Been there 3 times and will be more. Really like the parade and activities in the park.   The kids really enjoy during that time.   The fireworks is magnificiant.
our tourist guide said that tour of HK is not complete if you don't go to Disneyland HK.  Not true...
It was past Christmas when we visited HK Disneyland but to our surprise, there are still a lot of people who went there resulting to long queues in the attractions and rides within the park. We were not able to go to each and every ride   attractions since most of the waiting time in queues are more than 1 hour. SAD!
The Disneyland magic that we all know and love seem to be lacking at this park.The line for tickets, to take photos with the characters, and the rides were, of course, insanely long, as you would expect nothing less from a Disney theme park. Now add pushing and shoving and you have the perfect Hong Kong Disney experience.What you will notice is the extreamly small size. You can walk the entire park in under 20. The food is overpriced and tasteless. More gift shops than attractions or rides and all stocked with outrageously priced trinkets.The park lacked that Disney magic that we have all experienced with U.S visits. If you have been to any other Disney parks, then you will be disappointed . If you just want to brag that you been to all the Disney parks in the world check it out, than you can write your poor rating here too! If you just want the photo op, you can get a bunch of pictures outside of the park without paying anything . If you still are going to the park dispute my review...have fun!
pretty much, disneyland hong kong is very similar to disneyland in anaheim, CA. good english versions for the shows, and english signs around the park. however, we were looking and expecting for the park to have more international restaurants foods to cater for non chinese visitors. fantastic fireworks display at the end of the day! :)
It was perfect for us with young children, probably targeted at slightly younger audiences than other Disney parks and even our youngest could go on all the rides. She adored space mountain and wanted to go again and again. Our oldest loved the Buzz Astro Blasters. The one disappointment was that the queues were just too long in Toy Story Land (90 120 minutes) and not enough rides with fast passes. Advise anyone wanting to do these rides to go there first and early.We went in a busy time (1st Sunday of school holidays) and yet still didn't have to wait much, got to do nearly everything the kids wanted (several times) and had a full day and the food was reasonably priced
obviously different from others' Disneyland in the world due to it's size so everything there r so compact & well organized!
My 3 and 4 year old daughters have never experience Disney before, but nearly a year on we hear about Disneyland nearly every day and at least once a month they say they want to return.We travelled from Causeway Bay by MTR to Disneyland which was simple and quiet. My daugters loved the rides, the parade, the shows, the final silent fireworks and being given stickers and trading cards to keep.The food was good, being a western vegetarian in an Asian country I could find things to eat easily.All in all a fab experience that I would fly all the way from the UK to Hong Kong to experience again
I am of an age where I still love the mouse and Disney Hong Kong did not disappoint. This was my husbands first experience of mouseland and he loved it to. We were there for rope drop and got talking to a couple who visit all the parks every year so they gave the tip of go to the back of the park and do RC Racer first as it is very quiet at the beginning. Great tip and the queue was non exsistent when we got there. Did it three times in a row and then went off to do Slinky Dog which there was a queue for and I am not sure whether I would wait again for it. You can do this park comfortably in a day but make sure you pick up the parade times which we forgot to do until too late in the day. Beware of the shoving that goes on getting into any of the 3D shows   Mickey's Philarmagic a woman with a child was trying to push me out of the way but I stood my ground and had a yelling fit at her! Sadly it does seem to by mainland Chinese that are doing this and not the local people. The fireworks over the castle were totally magical and worth waiting for and if I am honest I thought they were better than the New Year's Eve ones   sorry but true
Dont take a tour an get dropped there for the whole day ,3hrs is enough ,try go out of season holiday period you will wait up to 45 min per ride .
We have visited most Disneyland throughout the world, including Orlando, LA, Tokyo, and Paris, but Hongkong Disneyland offers a different atmospheric features and experience starts from the marvelous design train that take us there. It encourages us to seek other chance to be able to go back there.
a great day to spend with the family and you MUST stay at the end to see the firework display (8.00pm)
Wheel chairs are available for hire and the entire park is a level or mild grade so it's easy to push the chair around. The park staff are really helpful. We were given attention to enter the shows in spaces reserved for wheelchairs. Although the park seemed more suitable to young chilkdren. This was a great day, good restaurants, entertaining, colourful and very helpful park staff
For me nothing speciel, and Disney land is to small, compare with the other park in Europe. I didnt like to are not allow to take water etc, inside like in Paris, but accepted it, but then they should lower the price.Our daughter on 5 love it, so what to do as long she was happy
Mickey's philharmonic if my favorite! Love the smell of apple pie... yum! :D  Try giant leg turkey too!  3
I've been to Hong Kong Disneyland 3 times, all with my tour group. The last one was in September 2010. We spent a full day there while also stayed a night at the Disney Hollywood Hotel. This one Disneyland is probably the smallest among the other Disney parks around the world; you can enjoy all attractions just in one day. The cast members speak Mandarin and English, very nice. Best time to visit it is probably around Halloween, because beside having 2 parades, the temperature is nice too. I had lunch at the Royal Banquet Hall (ramen and teriyaki chicken wings), it was good and worth the money.
Especially the show at 8 pm is fun and great after whole day of attractions  weather is essential ...very very relaxed atmosphere .  I think also some better restaurants might be required too maybe  a hope  in the future.
I had heard a lot about Disney Lands around the world but have'nt visited any so far, I had thought that it would be for kids only, but it is a great place for the entire family.
i liked the lion king show and the 4D theater experience... but thought that the HS musical and the new Cars2 shows were quite dull.
We had never been to a Disney Park and everyone says you must go, so we did. We were, to be honest a little disappointed though   maybe we were just a bit old, but the HK Disney did seem geared more towards the younger children. This is what I wrote in my diary......It is an amazing place to be sure, however I wouldn   t bother going to another Disney anywhere to be honest. We took Mikki into    It   s a Small World    and she just loved every minute of the ride and I reckon she would have gone around again! The kids went on a couple of rides and said they were O.K. but not what they thought. We all agreed it was an experience but just for the kids!
I'm not a big Disney fan but my husband is (been dragged along to many Disney sites). HK Disney is my favorite site for the small, manageable size i.e. not exhausting. I even caught myself enjoying the night time atmosphere. Day time is also pleasant as the location is set between mountains and sea. It's possible to spend the whole day but half a day is sufficient to cover most activities using express passes (excluding eating and shopping time).
 Inspite of having seen them all WE...US   TEENAGERS really loved this !!! the SHOWS are to die for ..esp. the LION KING one... very beautifully done..the flicks were great with their 3d effects,... the food was good ,...the space rides were a thing out of this world..one in particular where you are zooming around in pitch black....not for the faint hearted.we landed in the afternoon around 1pm...so we caught it all incl. the parade. firework ended by 8:30pm. wandered around a bit picked up some awesome gifts..really unique and cute stuff. the T Shirts are the BEST BUYS. Cameras. videos allowed,
The themepark is great. It is not Disney's fault that the visitors are rude and unorderly. Children and adults tried to push past us to cut in line every minute of the day. Will not return.
We are really love this place and this will be a must see, for everyone who take your kids to Hong Kong, it 's so nice and very unbelievable shoes with sounds and fireworks, most recommended !!!
Loved every bit of HK Disneyland. A kids stroller parking outside every ride, kids day care center. Almost every kind of cuisine and restaurant available and it also has its own hotel if you want to spread your visit. No dislikes whatsoever! Its a dream world if you are going with a kid or kids! :)
Smaller than Florida's, but we were only there to kill time before a flight home
Disneyland HK is the brightest and most colorful place with so many exciting things to do. All the shows, rides and shops were amazing. The cartoon characters were so animated and the floats were so enormous and vibrant it left us all in awe. And the grand finale of the Fireworks was simply enchanting. Loved it.
Not to say it is a bad place. It is rather good for it's size. Seen the new attraction called Toy Story Land. Met Woody and Jessie but will be good to see Buzz. New segments are being constructed when I visited. As usual the fireworks at night are impressive.The crush load of people exiting the park after the fireworks can be a unpleasant.
Queueing actually need half an hour to one hour so best to go on weekday since the crowd is not as horrible as on weekend.
If u r a disney fan, then u will love this place. The Rides, the shows, the parade. Its got a 4D show which is really nice. The entire place is beautiful and fun if u like all the rides, and even if u dont.. the characters, the place etc. is very beautiful.
Have been to Hong Kong Disneyland several times. With friends with work and with family.  Have enjoyed every time.  Although the park is smaller than other Disneylands it is perfect for a day out. Half a day is not enough, 2 days is too much.
yes spend the money as it will be returned with less wait time   ensure you do the lunchtime grand parade to miss the ques for the avo one. Then when the avo parade is on go to the most popular venues. Ensure you put you name down to cut the ribbon each morning with the characters   this is not promoted but I would love to have this honour.
Unless you're a big fan of Disney, this HK Disney park is not really that fun.The shows are quite good, but the rides and other things to do are not really something worth spending money and half a day for. Fireworks were good, but not that amazing.It's not that terrible, we just felt that we should've stayed in the city proper and explored there instead, afterall, we came to HK for the uniques HK culture, sights and food. The park did not really show the uniqueness of Hong Kong, so you can just go to other amusement parks, especially if you're not travelling with kids. Enjoyed Ocean Park way more.Don't think I'm coming back here.
Small park but pleasant and fun. Food inside the park is rather good. Hollywood hotel is nice but crowded and check in time is 3pm!
I read some reviews on TA then i checked to the website, i didn't expect too much about this place. But overall, this place is so Disney. I came at the right time when the parade started until the fireworks time. That's the best time to come. Unfortunately, it was a holiday so the queues were everywhere and it took time. If you want to get a best view for taking pics of fireworks, please come 20 15 mins before it starts. Overall, the fireworks were WOW!! Amazing. I love it.
Not many games but long queue. Fast pass is useful. Overall, the decaration is great and the firework at night is impressive.
New area called  Toy Storyland  now open. Fresh rides kids will love.
nothing much to do here either, just happy to see Mickey mouse my fav cartoon. i think HK Disneyland is a place to re live your childhood
Well, its disney afterall. Their intention was to make you forgot about your life and immerse yourself in pure happiness. They really succeed in entertaining people. They think of small stuff like when you ride the tram to circle the park you will see something that would only be seen when you ride the tram. Toilets less clean than universal studios in singapore maybe because theres so many people in 31december.
space mountain was great and love the Toy Story area..very colorful! met donald duck was the best moment :)
Great day at hk Disneyland. Arrived just before opening time so we could buy the fast passes that allow you to by pass some of the queues. In hindsight this was a waste of money as you only get to by pass three main rides and three stage events. So really not worth the money at all. Surprisingly we spent the whole day there. Had heard that some people spend less time, but I don't see how you could without cutting out on some rides. Food was ordinary but standard fare to what you would normally expect at an amusement park. Fireworks at the closing time are well worth the wait. Great way to end the day. Really well coordinated. Best way to travel to from city is definitely by the incredibly efficient MTR trains.
We spent two days here along with our kids. Two rides we definitely enjoyed were Space Mountain at Tomorrowland and RC at Toystoryland. We liked the Jungle River Cruise, Its a small world,the fireworks and the  snow  at the end of the Christmas festivities. However, too pricey! Dining options are very limited, especially for non Chinese visitors.
Wife and I visited HK Disneyland on Boxing Day. The place was extremely crowded and the ques for the rides were very long and the RC Racer ride in Toyland took 1 hour !I hv previously visited Disneyland Anaheim and in Tokyo, but HK Disneyland by far is the smallest. Missed the haunted house there.
We were here in mid December and the temperature was just great to start by. Start early to avoid queues. Thats what we did and the kids manage to get their rides without much hassle up to afternoon. Theres enough fun rides for the kids and adult to enjoy the whole day. Food is not that great, i had a fried chicken but it more like its semi steamed, only the skin is fried (gross). The parade was fun. Space mountain was great. RC racer makes you feel light. Parachute drop was good for the kids. They cant get over Astro blasters where you zapp Zerg. Tree house was nothing to shout about. Nothing much to say on the Lion King too. For the 3d show, i feel Universal's (Singapore) Shrek 4d was better, the sensation is more uptodate. The park is well layed out and clean. Had no problems here. Theres smokers corner if need be. As it was near Christmas, the atmosphere was merry with the all the places nicely lighted up plus the fake snow thrown in. My personal favourite was the fireworks show above the castle for the closing. You have to wait for it and its worth it! Its just beautiful, magical and nicely sync with the music, something that will stay in my memory as one of those feel good feeling i will never forget. Overall 1 day is enough to cover the main attractions. Leave all the adulthood and relive again as a child and enjoy!
A MUST to see attractions for all. Take good walking shoes! be prepared for long line ups! take water with you. Enjoy.  definitely money worth spent.  If you area SENIOR take your Senior Card and get a discount!!!
Where ever you are from in the world and your are a SENIOR, read this.I have been to Hong Kong many many times.I discovered that I was allowed to show my SENIORS CARD and get a discount on many items from a variety of outlets.May i suggest ladies and gentlemen you take your up to date SENIOR CARD with you and show it.At Disneyland they will honour it.Enjoy the discounts all of you from all over the world. Enjoy the savingsAlbon
This was our second time to Disneyland Hong Kong and we had so much fun. The cool December weather made it wonderful for us. It was absolutely magical walking and soaking in the decor, I kept wishing I had a house on one of the streets!!
It was our first Disneyland experience and it was a magical experience. We didn't have high expectations of the park after reading reviews, but were pleasantly surprised by how much there was to do.We went straight to space mountain and queues were short, great ride for adults but we felt not suitable for our 5 yr old as too many sharp turns and bends.Our son loved Autopia, Madhatter Teacups, and the Flying Saucer ride.Beware of the food at Main Street Corner Cafe, over priced and food had no taste and was undercooked. Suggest finding a cheaper eatery elsewhere.The fireworks were excellent, magical way to end our day at Disneyland.Highly recommend this park for young kids, entry price is good value and easy to get to via MTR, must do while staying in HK.
Disneyland HK is lovely and so is the staff. Here are the Pros:Shorter lines than the US Disney Parks.Beautiful groundsThere is a subway that will take you from the city directly to the entranceWe had the best Disneyland meal we've ever had (Corner Cafe on Main Street)It's slightly different themed rides than the California DisneylandSmaller (this can also be a Con)Here are the Cons:It is catered more for younger kids, not all ages. There is not more than a few rides for tweens and teenagers. There is no Mater Horn, Star Tours, and Pirates.No freshly made candy   everything was prepackaged (This didn't stop the locals from buying in hordes)The staff has fake Western names displayed on their name tags.....aren't we in China? Very few healthy snacks. The healthiest snack we found was corn on the cob.Just to sum up. I think if you have never been to a Disney Park, you will have a great time. Our overall experience was pretty positive. It was so pleasant to not have to fight large crowds and to have a delicious dinner before we went home   seriously a first for Disney. The parade was entertaining, and they created snowfall on Main Street which was a big hit with the locals. It's those kind of touches that make the Disney Organization the best at what they do.
I was a little confused after seeing traditionally western Disney characters acted by Chinese. Well, I was in China after all. Main Street USA in this Magic Kingdom does have a HK twist but managed to pull it off to make it look like it should. My niece enjoyed the whole spectacle and so did the other children visiting that day. This attraction is a little ways outside of the city. The subway cars are uniquely designed like a Disney coach.
An unforgettable magical experience! we all loved it! Adults and kids!
We thought this was the best experience in HK! We were all happy, this place truly make u smile and lifts ur spirits no matter what age u r! Beautiful park, loved the fact that its the smallest disney park, which makes it special and not exhausting. you just want to walk around and enjoy and play and laugh and eat :)Wow i cant say more!
To my surprise the Park was not too crowded when we arrived at 10am. We raced through Buzz Lightyear, Autopia, Slinky Dog, Mad Hatter Teacups and Winnie the Pooh (fastpassed) before lunch.We had an early lunch at River View Cafe. The Chinese food was good and portions were larger than average. After lunch we did the River Cruise, Rafts to Tarzan's Treehouse, It's a Small World and Mickey's PhilarMagic. We finished with a parade at 3.30pm where we had a good view from the top of the intersection. When the parade finished we even marched down Main Street behind the parade.We recommend all of the above except Autopia which was very slow loading. The Park is indeed small, we had spent 3 days at Paris Disneyland. The queues hereare much shorter than Paris. We went in the week of 19th December which meant local school children were still at school. Chinese tourists were around, particularly in the afternoon but appeared to be spending more time taking photos than queuing for rides. We enjoyed the specially designed MTR trains with the Mickey Mouse windows.
The proximity of Manila to Hongkong makes it all sensible to visit this site of Disneland. I must say that the fun rides and must see shows are all comparable to what are seen in USA Disneyland. My daughter first trip to HK was indeed a memorable one!!!
Our kids ages 9, 7, 6, thought other theme parks were more fun in USA. They enjoyed the pool at the hotel the most.
We've been to the USA Disney parks 5 times in the last 6 years. The Hong Kong version was definitely smaller, but my kids loved it anyways and spent the entire day from opening to closing there. Space Mountain is the only roller coaster, but it looks like they're in the process of building a Grizzly River Run like the one at California Adventure. It's probably at least 1 2 years away from completion, though. My kids' two favorite American rides, Autopia and Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin were here. They have the iconic Fantasyland rides like It's a Small World, Dumbo, Spinning Teacups and Winnie the Pooh. However, Fantasyland was practically deserted for the 1st hour we were there. It's one of the most popular sections in America, but obviously not in Hong Kong. The big crowd was at Toy Story Land which had only been open for 1 month. We really enjoyed this section (3 rides) since it doesn't exist in the US parks. Even though we only speak English, we were still able to enjoy the shows. All the movie songs are in English. For the Lion King Show, the narrator spoke English while two actors dressed as monkeys provided Chinese translations that fit in the flow of the show. For the Golden Mickeys, the English translation was shown on a screen to the side of the stage. The Jungle Cruise offered an English language cruise. Stitch Encounter shows advertised what language was for what showtimes. However, we didn't do the Animation Academy which I think was only in Chinese. We bought the Star Pass (US$26) which gave us Priority Access to certain shows and rides. For the rides, it acted as a Fast Pass. For the shows, people with a Star Pass were seated before the rest of the crowd. It came in handy for both the Golden Mickeys and the Lion King when we were able to walk up at the last minute, bypass the crowd that had been waiting there for at least 40 minutes, and get front row seats. Just for fun, we took the MTR home from Disneyland to our hotel near the Tsim Sha Tsui station in Kowloon. It took about an hour (versus 25 minute taxi ride) but was very cheap. However, the kids were very tired and I was worried I wouldn't be able to make the 2 transfers with 3 sleepy little ones.
Tickets are expensive consider that there is hardly anything exciting to see.  We have been to all the Disney in the US and this one in HK is the worse.  Not recommened.
We were 3 adults and a 3 yr old. It wasn't crowded and my daughter was able to get on all the rides. The parade was also fun to watch. Overall, just a nice day trip if you are in HK and obviously a lot of fun for kids.
Visited the new Toy Story World, family enjoyed it but limited rides there.  need to expand more rides for the Theme  park a a whole as its quite small compare to Japan and even Korea everyland.
People are complaining about the size of the park... I am alright with it. It's the cheapest after all and it's not a bad thing you can walk to every corner of the park without needing to chop off your feet after...The park itself isn't at fault, the visitors are... It's extremely crowded and a lot of visitors there likes to jump queue and very rude but the staff couldn't quite control them even with their best effort...
It is very nice to bring children starting from age 12. the only problem is that very high expenserse in there.
I know, it's my first visit to disneyland so people might think that i haven't see the better disney, (some say Japan Disney is better), but i still find it amusing, i love it especially that we can take photo with all the disney character. (but we miss donald). we spent the whole day here, having fun or just sit and relax. it's nice place.Some might looking for the fireworks, but it's not fantastic, no use to see the fireworks, new year fire works might be better.Overall, it's much worth to visit, yeah and spent your money to buy disney stuff. (ow, they have the shops @ the Hongkong Airport)
All is good except the Chinese food, cost double than outside Disney, but less tasty.
The Disneyland magic that we all know and love seem to be lacking at this park.The queues for tickets, to take photos with the characters, and the rides were, of course, insanely long, but we expect nothing less from a Disney theme park. Add a dash of Hong Kongese pushing and shoving and you have the perfect recipe for a lukewarm experience.Where I felt this park fell short was in the small size. You can traverse the park in under 10 minutes, and there aren't that many themed mini parks. The food was naturally overpriced and tasteless, but at least there weren't any queues! There was no shortage of gift shops stocked with outrageously priced trinkets though!The park lacked that Disney magic that we all hope to experience during our visit. If you have been to any other Disney parks, then you can give this one a miss.
Lines for the rides not to long during the week although not to many rides for adults but the shows are great as were the fireworks.
Took the bus up to Stanley, had a stroll around the market. Walked down to the beach area and grabbed a sandwich at Stanley market from the first mini shop on the front. Watched the world go by. Sandwich bar was Angelas great value for money and plenty of it
Its Disneyland, great for the kids. Try taking the special disneyland train. If you are driving taxi expect a long walk from the car park. THere's very little shade along the way, so on hot days, either avoid, or bring an umbrella. We were there on a particularly hot summer day, and could only stand it for about 45 minutes. Ideal times to visit are in the cooler but still sunny weather, between October and December.Worth a visit and a stay is the Disneyland Hotel.. over priced for what it is, but quite unique. While on Lantau Island, take a short trip to Discovery Bay, a place where many ex pats like to call home. ITs a car free area, so the only way to get there is by ferry or bus. One of its unique features is that only golf biggies are allowed to be driven there. ITs also a good place for parents to relax and have a drink or meal and watch the fireworks from Disneyland at 8pm.
Easy to reach by metro. Main Street USA was like Hogsmeade village in Harry Potter books.!! The smells and atmosphere were great. Space Adventure and Jungle River rides were really good. The Indian food (Vegetarian Gourmet meal) at Tahiti restaurant was a lifesaver !!! The Tandoori chicken was however, undercooked by Indian standards. Loved the fireworks and the artificial snow!
I have been to the Disneyland in LA on two seperate occasions and so, the Disneyland Park in Hong Kong was a disappointment. It is not fair to compare the two obviously, so if you have been to the other Disneylands, would not recommend a visit here. It is small and half a day is sufficient to cover the entire park. Cleanliness especially of the dining areas can be improved. But for first timers, it still captures the magical feeling of Disney's vision and translates it in each 'land' in the park. The performances are of quality...so no complains there.
Second time to visit. Additional attraction in Toy Story.My mother and sister (including her family) enjoyed very much. It is advisable to let kids rest from time to time because they get very tired seeing all the attractions
simply the best disneyland in the world. we loved the ''cups''
the Disneyland train was a nice touch to a great park. Really clean and no burgers or chips in the restaurants. Some of the stuff in the kiosks smelt disgusting though!
A great day out for all ages.  HK Disneyland is a lot smaller than its US cousins but still a great day out.  Buy your Stuffed toys there because they are the cheapest you  will find anywhere.
My 67 year old aunt remarked,  It's like a world far removed from our own. I don't feel like leaving this place!  And it's true. There is something for everyone,  We spent the entire day, from opening till closing. We went on a Monday because we were...More
It is small compare to other disneylands! So no much facilities.
This park is just ok.  If you have kids, then they might like it.  Otherwise, the rides are not catered to adults.  If it's your first time to Disney, then you have nothing to compare it to and it might be great but I've been...More
Disneyland Hong Kong is as thrilling as that of France and in the cold winter of 24th Dec, the fireworks were simply gorgeous in this cold winter night. The good thing is the disney figures interact with the visitors during the parade on Main street....More
Mickey Mouse born in 1928 exists so is co stars Donald duck and the rest of Disney cartoons, an exciting place to take fun rides,  dont expect any dangerous attractions in the Disneyland park itself, expect  unexpected things such as a disney land restaurant and...More
We have been coming to Hong Kong every year around Christmas for a number of years but never been to Disneyland   because the word is it is nothing compare to Disney World in Orlando.   We decided to give Hong Kong Disneyland a try this...More
Spent half a day and evening at HK Disneyland, and the Christmas ambiance during this period of time is awesome! Ride attraction quality is similar to Disneyland Paris, and the fireworks display (9pm) is not to be missed!!
When I entered I felt like I am entering a fairlyland. The music, the setting and the surrounds made me happy and cheerful. Although the most of the rides are for children, as an adults I enjoyed every ride. Bring out your child fantasies in...More
We've been to HKD in March 2009. We went there again recently to experience the beautiful lights and decorated Christmas trees. It was very X'massy there in HKD as compared to being in HK city. But I would seriously recommend people to go there during the off season. Avoid the peak season because boy it was crowded. I don't mind crowd if the crowd is disciplined and orderly. But unfortunately you don't get that with a bunch of mainland Chinese. They will cut your queue nonchalantly and they'll push you when they want to get into the hall. Adults behaving like children (pushing to get inline, nudging, talking loudly, etc) . Ugly sight!My sons are 9 and 6. They were pushed and someone knocked her handbag on my son's head because she was too excited to take picture during the parade. She didn't even apologised. She noticed what had happened. Sigh. Very disappointed with some people. Very very rude. So don't go there end of the year or during the Chinese New Year.The last time we encountered the same problem. But it was bearable because the park wasn't crowded.Hope it helps!
We went there for a 1 day outing and had the best day of our lives. Me, my wife, my friend and his wife, 4 of us took the MTR, this is the best part, there is MTR connecting to HK disneyland. Tickets costed 350 HKD last year, and it was totally worth the money. Rides are not so great, but the best part are the shows. the Lion king show was by far the best show i have viewed in my life. There are other fun activities like tarzan house, animation studio. Also, there was a fantastic ride which takes you in total darkness, as i remember it was some space ride or something. There was fantastic lunch (Indian style), so we loved it even more. There are lots and lots of activities. My colleagues in HK mention that HK disneyland is the smallest disneyland in the world, but it took us entire day and still we had some more stuff pending. Also, it was halloween time and there was a nice halloween parade, and to top it all a nice firecrackers display near to the castle. Overall, it was a great experience, and we enjoyed the entire day to our hearts content. I would surely go again there, its a must visit for all visitors to HK. This is mostly suited for young adults and children.
Go there only if you have kids under 8 years old. All the attractions are for really young children except for Space Mountain. The Park is really small. If you compare, the one in Paris is 6 times bigger ! In 4 5 hours we did all the attractions. What we enjoy there ? The Lion King Show, Space Mountain, Halloween Show, Buz Lightyear attraction, Mickey 3D Movie. Noticed That you don't have a lot of choice for the shopping...
disneyland is OK if you have children maybe 6 and under.Our child is 9 and thought it was OK. The major ride was closed the day we went and they are opening a new section soon. If you have young kids they will love it.
Disneyland in Hong Kong is so close, you can get there from the city within 30 minutes. And it's not too big so you can always finish it in half a day. I think it suits family with small children. Great food selection and I think the best theme park food I've had in the world. Season tickets are also good value.
This is the place in HK that my boy truly enjoys himself, esp the parade where he can see all his favorite Disney characters. Great place for the kids but it takes lots of patience to queue up for the rides & shows.
My title said it all   it's a happy place for the young and the young at heart. Most of the staffs look like students in their mid twenties and they are so bubbly and full of energy! Due to some reasons in our schedules, we could only visit Disneyland on a Sunday. We took up the package on the website which included a night's stay at Disney Hollywood Hotel and a 2 day park ticket. The park is small, but as it was so crowded, we only managed half the park on Sunday. We arrived at 11 plus and left at 5pm for our buffet dinner in the hotel. Thankfully, we had a second day ticket, which we did all the remaining rides and remaining shows in 3 hours. Tips and advice: 1) Do not miss the fireworks! It's spectacular and it probably makes up half of your ticket price.2) Plan your route beforehand. Check out the timings of all the stage shows and parades and work your other rides around them. They probably makes up one quarter of your ticket price.3) If you want to buy souvenirs, buy them all at once at the Emporium, near City Hall. My friend won a Mickey cushion after spending over HKD1000 at one go. And if you buy them before 11.30am at the Emporium, you get a 10% discount. However, I don't know if the promotion only last during this Christmas season or is it a permanant promotion.
Visited Disney on 18th and 19th Dec. Stayed at Disney Hollywood Hotel. Agree with many comments that weekend to Disney is not recommended. Brought wife and two young kids to Disney on 18th which was a Sunday. Waiting for ride was too long and in the end watched the morning parade and fireworks. Of all the rides, if you are pressed for time, just watch the main attractions:1) Morning Parade2) Night fireworks (9pm) 3) Last but not least the Lion King Show. Would recommend to all a 2 day pass preferable on weekday. We went back to the park on Monday and the waiting time is so much better at between 10 min to 40 mins. More bang for the buck and you dont have to rush. Would definately be back and smarter in planning too. Cheers and Merry Christmas to all.
I super enjoyed the rides but the shows are breathtaking. The Golden Mickey's is a must see!  Downside is the food in the place. Very expensive and yuck! Totally not worth the cash.
Gorgeous at night especially, more suited to younger children. Fireworks every night are gorgeous.
The place is very nice and clean. I will say that it is much smaller that I was thinking. The wife loved it thou.
A little small and crowded when we went but it was great. My daughter liked the Halloween Night shows.  Tips   Hire a pram and try and reach early to take the full day there. A Disney hotel would be ideal
Very small and not as good value for money as Ocean Park
This is my 2nd visit since 5 years ago. I reached the park around 12.30pm.I think it is a bad decision for us to visit on a weekend.the whole place is so crowded.Wanted to try out the Toystory land but the queue for all rides are 90mins!!So we never try out anything at the Toystory land.At other areas, the waiting time is at least 60mins...The parade is nice, but the long waiting time for all rides are really unbearable.My kids only managed about 5 rides in total. Don't even have time for the shows.We left at 8pm because it was freezing cold.
I had misgivings when I bought my ticket to Disneyland; no longer in the first flush of youth, would I find myself to be out of place, a confused bearded wanderer in a plastic theme park designed solely for the adulation of a cartoon mouse by a nation's infants? I'd never been to a Disney themed anything, so I wasn't prepared for the hyper efficient commercialisation of everything. You couldn't go more than a few yards without a stall selling you Mickey Mouse shaped ice cream, or an entire plastic medieval store selling nothing but plush effigies of your favourite cartoon icons.In the amusement parks I've been to in England, things are less organised, more ramshackle, and not everyone smiles. All. The. Time.However, once you adjust to the bizarre cultish artifice of Everyone Being Happy All The Time, you realise it's quite pleasant that everyone is beaming at you all the time. Yes, it's saccharine and artificial and after a few hours you might worry as to why you're not as happy as all the staff are, but it's a respite from the routine surliness of normal Hong Kong customer service.Although it's a small Disneyland, there are still queues, but we only waited half an hour to go on Space Mountain. I suppose they slimmed down the queues at the same time as making the park smaller.We also found that the English language boat trip around 'the Amazon' has a much shorter line than the Cantonese or Mandarin boats. I guess it's affirmative action to make up for all the depredations the Chinese have inflicted on Europeans over the years. (If you lived in an alternate universe where Chinese gunboat diplomacy forced British people to buy opium, rather than the other way around.)We also got to see the Lion King show, which was just the right side of cheese, including an animatronic elephant, a camp lion, and more unnaturally cheerful dancers, which made up for a half hour wait in the heat and then being in a shoving match with what felt like half the world to get into the auditorium. What was I saying about the queues not being so big?I enjoyed Disneyland, although there was one disappointment. All the advertising makes it appear that Disney characters will be blithely wandering through the park all the time, available for you to run up to and hug. In four and a half hours, I saw precisely one Goofy, for about five minutes, and nobody else; not a Pluto, a Donald or even a Scrooge McDuck. Was I na  ve? Are all Disneylands not really a promised land of 'resting' actors struggling under a Snow White costume? Or is it just that the extraspecial heat and humidity in Hong Kong would mean a daily fatality if they insisted on sending more Mickeys and Minnies out there?
I have visited all the Disneyland in the World. The Hong Kong Disneyland is much smaller and it's the second one in Asia after Japan. I heard they are planning to build one in Shanghai, China. The Hong Kong Disneyland has a very convenient transportation to get there by MTR. Lots of Asian visitors and they provide Asian food. The staff are friendly and service are good in general. You might have to suffer for a culture shock when line up and annoying flashing during the show with the Mainland China visitors !
We visited in early dec. The queues at tomorrow land and adventure land were surprisingly 15 min or less. We went on the space mountain, astro blaster multiple times. The queues for toy story land rides though were 50 min.Con: there were a number of ppl smoking and even though it was open air, there were many moments when air was quite polluted with smoke.
Small but good for those who never been to Disneyland park before.The newly open ToyStory land is great for kids under 12 yrs old.Overall like all Disneyland, it's expensive, If you have been to other Disnetyland, then you like to give this one a miss.
We have been to Florida many times and found HK to be a smaller version of the magic kingdom with many more attractions due to open soon, is much quieter, perfect for a first outing for smaller kids maybe as there were less queues etc.
Amazing place to be ...not only for kids but for older people as well. Best experience of my life. Would definitely want to go again some time.Awesome rides and places to visit.  All in all a great day spend.
This is the second time I've been to Disneyland in HK. The last time I was there was in 2006 and it has really improved since then. There are more rides and things to do after its been extended. It doesn't have as much adrenaline junkie rides as Ocean Park has, but it does have one that I refer to as the adult ride. For me, Disneyland is more of an experience so it didn't bother me that it didn't have a lot of  adult rides . The shows were spectacular and the environment was everything I imagined Disney to be. It may not be as big as other Disney's, but it is still great and worth visiting. There is more than enough activities to keep you busy all day.It is really easy to get to Disney via MTR or even public buses. The price for MTR ride is higher, but the custom Disney detailing in the MTR station and the train makes it a great experience. The food is quite overpriced though. Popcorn is HKD25 and a bottle of water is around HKD20 as well. I didn't try any of the other food because it was around HKD60 80. The highlight for me was the firework show at the end around the infamous Disney castle. It was magical and by far one of the best firework show I have ever seen. It was the second time I've seen it, but I was still in awe! Definitely the best part I look forward to when I visit Disney. Disney tickets cost around 399HKD in comparison to 298HKD for Ocean Park, but it is worth the experience. Expect to pay around 500HKD per person for the entire day including eating and drinking. Like Ocean Park, no additional fees are required for any of the rides and shows though. I would definitely recommend this place for anyone visiting Hong Kong, especially if you have kids.
Likes:    the X'mas deco    the beautiful shops!     It's a small small world  ride is my favouriteeee!  Dislike:    Always a long queue & wait for photograph session with the masscott..
Though entrance fee is steep, everyone should experience it at least once. 1 whole day here should be sufficient. Do not miss the Flight of Fantasy Parade (once or twice daily) and the closing fireworks at 8pm daily. Disneyland Park is easily accessible via MTR from Hong Kong Island or Kowloon.
The entrance fee is steep but at least once, everyone should visit.  1 whole day from 10am to 8pm should be sufficient.  Easily accessible from Hong Kong Island and Kowloon via MTR.
great family experience, from the disney train to the final street parade, everything was professional and typical Disney.
Not too busy, no wait times on rides, great parade   wow!! Our 5 year old will always remember as a fantastic day.
The staff were extremely friendly and even though some couldn't speak English, they made everyone feel at home. There was something for everyone in the family with exciting rides and more child friendly ones. The usual snacks and drinks can be found everywhere and you can take a break anytime. Lots of photograph opportunities. Queues are a little long but if you can get the fast pass it's not too bad. I'm not a fan of the food at the cafes and restaurants there though... not very nice. And because I was there during this Christmas season, the atmosphere was great with the songs and decor to match.
I visited Hong Kong Disneyland with my family ( wife and daughter ) on the first week of this month. It was a pleasant experience full of fun and happy moments. Here are the positive notes :1. Extremely clean and well managed. 2. Clean toilets everywhere.3. All rides had a high focus on safety.4. Lot of places to just sit and relax5. One must try out the river cruise in Adventureland, visit to Tarzan's house after crossing the river on a raft, The Lion King Show, Mickey's Philarmonic 4D show at Fantasyland, The Golden Mickey Show, Disney Parade, Evening Christmas lighting show on Main Street USA, among all other things.6. Extremely polite and courteous staff.7. Small area, hence very easy to cover.However, a few points which you need to be careful of :1. Long queues to meet your favorite Disney characters.2. There might be long queues for the rides too.3. Some venues like Mickey's Philarmonic and the Disney Parade might be very crowded. So beware of your personal belongings.4. Very difficult to get food of Indian palates. However, you may try the multi cuisine restaurant at Adventureland or the fast food joint at Tomorrow Land.Overall, a very exciting experience for young and old alike. Do not miss it !
What's there not to like about Disneyland, especially if your kids are happy! Even though I was there during a supposedly busy period (early Dec), the crowd was manageable and the queues were short. (Btw, I was there on a Thursday and Friday). About the only place that felt somewhat crowded was the new Toystoryland, but it could be because it was new and the place was small.
Only a single day adventure.  Not as good as disneyland in LA, but nevertheless, still a disneyland.  Train to disneyland was easy.
Very small, they are expanding but at a slow pace.  I always have fun here but it's expensive and nothing special.
Like all the rides & show. Took photo with some cantoon characters. Very innovative & eye opener. Thumbs up!!
Great for first timers, not so great for those who have been to the original in CA.  Lines for rides were very short though!
Having been to both, Hong Kong Disney land is a bit of a let down.  I haven't been to Disneyland in Europe but if you haven't been to any of them, its still a good time.
Excellent day out, went on a Sunday... plenty of rides to go on, don't expect a Florida size park or number of rides however the do have the classic Water ride and Space Mountain and Toy Story rides for the older children and plenty to do for the younger ones, the queues on the Sunday morning were not to bad max waiting time was 10 minutes each ride... If you want to see the fireworks they started at 9pm and lasted 10 minutes but was an excellent end to the day... try and get nearer the castle to see the fires works esp. if you want to take pictures or film it as the effects work better nearer.Best way to get there is on the MTR on arrival it is a 5 7 minute walk otherwise you drive and park but have to navigate the main roads, tolls and parking charges. They do offer a yearly pass so if you intend to go more than once keep this in mind, esp. if you think your have guests staying in the next 12 months will work out much cheaper for yourself.Enough eating places to cater for all tastes.... They have lockers so you can leave coats, bags ect in them so you don't have to lug them about.
There aren't as many attractions as the parks in US. But the park is nevertheless very beautiful. THe shows are of top quality.
We were there late Nov 2011 and there seems to be quite a crowd when we were there. You need to queue for every ride (except the fastpass rides), taking photos with characters and to see the shows. It you're planning to go on a crowded day, do map out your itinerary and must see events and not miss it.
I visited Hong Kong Disneyland with my family ( wife and daughter ) on the first week of this month. It was a pleasant experience full of fun and happy moments. Here are the positive notes :  1. Extremely clean and well managed.   2. Clean...More
What's there not to like about Disneyland, especially if your kids are happy! Even though I was there during a supposedly busy period (early Dec), the crowd was manageable and the queues were short. (Btw, I was there on a Thursday and Friday). About the...More
Only a single day adventure.  Not as good as disneyland in LA, but nevertheless, still a disneyland.  Train to disneyland was easy.
Very small, they are expanding but at a slow pace.  I always have fun here but it's expensive and nothing special.
Like all the rides & show. Took photo with some cantoon characters. Very innovative & eye opener. Thumbs up!!
Great for first timers, not so great for those who have been to the original in CA.  Lines for rides were very short though!
Having been to both, Hong Kong Disney land is a bit of a let down.  I haven't been to Disneyland in Europe but if you haven't been to any of them, its still a good time.
Love the small disneyland and mickey mouse, Go in the morning then you can que in all the photo sessions as it is not too busy yet, as well you have time to go around. we went after lunch so we did not have much time to que for photos.
Been there a few days back with my 10 and 4 year old kids and enjoyed ourselves thoroughly. It is very crowded even though it's not really the peak season yet... and I cannot imagine how it would be like during the peak season. Anyway, the new Toy Storyland is pretty good and the RC rider is very exciting although it's a pretty short ride. Expect long queue to almost every ride.Space Mountain is one that should not be missed too and make sure you get a place with a good view for the parade. Meals there are pretty expensive but that is not unexpected. Do bring with you some sandwiches, snacks... etc if you wanna really save some money.Most importantly, make sure you stay or play until the fireworks starts. Definitely one of the attractions that will make the money you paid for the tickets worthwhile. Do check with their website to see if the fireworks will be displayed before you go there. Just my guess, the fireworks I saw started at 8pm and if it is published on a certain date that the park will close at 7pm (or earlier), avoid visiting that day.Last but not least... really... avoid visiting during peak season.
Is my 3rd visit. Although the park is small consider others, but its still a wonderful & nice place to visit, relax. Like the parade & the fireworks, but the fireworks duration is shorter than before but still nice.
It may be interesting to children, but personally I would prefer other cultural or historic sites. I mean Disney Themed Park, come on, you   re in Asia and you want something America? If you want you can go, but it is not the best Disney Theme Park indeed. Get something authentic when you travel!I went there and saw long lines of people waiting. Admission was not cheap at all. My wife and I took a walk around and decided to end our tour early.
Plenty of rides that delight smaller kids.  A few  grown up  rides but not enough to go there for that reason.  Very clean park.  Fastpass access should always be purchased, very handy.
If disney was going to do this then they should have done it properly.Too small,not enough rides and queues for everything.Ocean park for me every time
The best ride of this park was Space Mountain. It's the only  thrill ride . The entire park is well done per Disney standards, but the planned expansion will add greatly to the feel of the park.  The food options are execellent.
We loved Disneyland. We have a toddler who is almost two and felt the size of the park was perfect to do in a day. He loved 'It's a small world' so much we went twice. Some of the more popular rides had long wait times but the ones we went on were only 5 10 minutes. We did go on...
Place is suitable for comfy stroll around park with young kids. Do not expect to see crazy rides here. Only carousel and similar staff. Fresh air, overpriced food and beverages. However, decorations and staff really try to make the magic.
Wonderful place for kids !! Worth going, although I have been already to the ones in Florida.
This is our 2nd visit. A much better compared to the 1st where we were caught in an argument with the Mainlanders for cutting queues.Definitely worth the visit. But tickets are pricey. Tips: Choose off peak season (China school holidays & public holidays) to avoid the crowd from Mainland.
For those who complained that HK Disneyland is too small, the opening of Toy Story Land gives you another reason to visit it.  One thing I dislike   queues for the games are too long.
We truly enjoyed our visit to Hong Kong Disneyland. Just walking towards the park from the shuttle parking area made us excited to be a step closer to the happiest place on earth! Though it was quite a walk, we were so glad to finally see the park gates and we posed for souvenir shots along the way. There was no queue at the entrance so we just presented our tickets and we were off. After the awhile, our small group got separated inside the park and it was kinda hard to find each other again in the growing afternoon crowd. Anyway, we found each other at some point so its best to agree on a meeting site beforehand in case someone in your party gets lost. We enjoyed the Space Mountain ride, the Small World boat ride, the train ride (with the little green men paparazzi!) and the interactive shooting game ride with Buzz Lightyear. We also enjoyed the Stitch encounter, 3D movie at the theater and the fun filled night time river boat ride! If Hong Kong DIsneyland, the smallest Disneyland theme park as they say, was this uber fun, my kids and I can just imagine how much more fun it would be to spend a day in the much bigger DIsneyland parks in the USA! What I really like about the park is the picture shooting spots that they placed all over the park so you can see which are the most perfect picture spots. I also like how clean and well kept the park is. There is much space to move around even with the hordes of tourists on the move. The fireworks display was indeed a fitting finale to a very wonderful evening!Just be prepared to spend for food and drinks   you'll get hungry from all the excitement! Plus bring extra cash for those souvenir items and for emergency purchases (I bought my son a raincoat since it suddenly rained during our visit).
this place is good but the playing amusement for kids is not much but shopping stores of souvenir was to much about half of the area.
The entry fee is just not worth it. Its small & the entry gate staff acted like the military police. They would not let my children take in their own water bottles & insisted on searching everyones bags.  Never again!!  Ocean Park is MUCH better.
good to visit with family.I was alone and missed my kids a lot and finished my tour in short time
If you have been to any Disneyland, please consider Ocean Park.  This is very small Disneyland.  Good part, on week day in November, there are not many people and the weather is just right, not too sunny, and cool enough to walk all day.
Went there to check the place out on my own. Walked around the whole place (strolling   not hurrying) it took only 15 minutes   YES, I am not making a mistake   15 minutes. Obviously if you take your kids and queue for the rides etc... you will spend longer but the place is so small it can only be described as pathetic.
I am late 30s and I totally loved the park. It has fun for young and old the parades are colourful and exciting. The shows are brilliant plus as it is small there isnt the long waiting times you get in paris. I loved my day there. The toy story area is great for the kids and they can meet woodie. For a day trip in hong kong this is a must. It is magicial.
The only attraction at Disney Land hong Kong are the Lion king show and various other shows along with teh Parade. The rides are very kiddish and a bit dissapointing. You must shop for souveniers from teh place. We had thought of spending teh entire day at disney land but left in 4 hours. People with Kids should visit the place. For singles...you can do without visiting the place if you have been to disney land in other parts of the world!
Organized and super clean place, suitable for everyone. There is a varaity of food. Shows are great specially the Lion King. If you stay at one of its two hotels, you get access for 2 days in a price of one day. They have free buss shuttle from the hotel to the land. Make sure you try all the games and boat cruises no matter whats your age is, you'r going to enjoy it.
I had lots of fun at disneyland! My first time and left wanting to work at disneyland. Especially loved the Lion King Performances and Mickeys 4D philharmonic experience! Bought myself a pair of Minne Mouse ears on discount  which they give (at the time I was there) til noon that day so went crazy at the souvenir shops!Was a really hot day and being in an asian country it does tend to get a bit pushy and shovey when it comes to lines and queues.Also be prepared to be poked by umbrellas! They sell umbrellas at the disney shops and I wish they werent allowed because someone can take an eye out with the ends but also because when it came to the parade, most people found it very hard to see over the top of the umbrellas and others had some very heated arguments because of this!Besides the push and shove and the umbrellas  had an amazing time!So many rides  if you have time, 2 days would be enough so you can see all the shows and get on the rides that you want to go on
My third time to the Disneyland Hong Kong, and I prefer to enjoy all the live performance. The parade is certainly very interesting with all the attractive dancers. Other than that the live performance at the Golden Mickey and the Lion King are not to be missed!
We loved Disneyland. We have a toddler who is almost two and felt the size of the park was perfect to do in a day. He loved 'It's a small world' so much we went twice. Some of the more popular rides had long wait times but the ones we went on were only 5 10 minutes. We did go on a Monday to avoid crowds.
Had a great time. There's a Christmas Tree lighting show which is worth the wait (6ish at night). Though it is smaller than other Disney's, it's still worth the trip. Actually, we've been here twice (a total of 4 days) and we still haven't tried all the rides. The Golden Mickey show is great...even though it was in chinese (there's a TV that shows the english translation. Loved Lion King. The new section, Toy Story, was nice but rides (except for the slinky dog ride) are more for teenagers and adults (one adult woman had the funniest face of horror while riding the parachute ride). Had a great time. Can't wait for the next visit.
A small disneyland compared to the others. But just the right size for our 2.5 yr old. We had a good time there.
We have a good time with my small kids at Disneyland park but too hot.
On the way into Disney resorts... whtas better?  10 10  even for anyone not in love with the house of mouse, its great
Its an absolute MUST to visit the theme park full of amazing stuff for people of all ages. Being there we ourselves felt like kids, everything there is so fun filled and enjoyable and fortunately our visit coincided with the 5th anniversary of Disneyland & Christmas celebrations
I am probably not the best person to write a review on a theme park as I dislike them intensely but an incident at the park prompted me to write this. Our 4 year old son who the trip to Disney was for, had a nasty accident at the newly opened toy story land. I was extremely impressed that the incident was immediately noted and within 2 minutes security and a nurse were on hand. During that time a member of staff stayed with us. Thankfully the nurse could deal with the situation with her medical kit. We were very thankful for the help and really impressed with the speed of attention. The whole park is very clean and well maintained alsoOn the other side of the coin..... Be prepared for long waits for the rides. This is far from ideal with little kids. This is an aspect that i had trouble tolerating. We deliberately went on a Monday thinking it would be quieter than the weekend but no. There is apparently a fast pass but I didn't see much evidence of it. Obviously a family trip to Disney isn't going to be a cheap exercise. The shop was a huge temple to the Disney brand..... Again obviously.......All in all, personally it isn't something I enjoy and I won't return anytime soon but for the little ones maybe......
It's so  mini  in size comparing to Florida and California.  Not to mention about the overpriced food and beverages.  Go to the  real  Disneyland in US if possible.
It may be the smallest DisneyLand but all rides are fun but Golden Mickey's is the best one has to plan ands reach 15 minutes before to get good seats
Rides were mostly for kids. Very few souvenir shops. Lots of places to dine in. A fine place to enjoy a day or bond with family.
the best for kids and also the young at heart(adult)
Second time to visit disneyland, no new attractions and because we went there during the Chinese NY season, there were too many visitors so, no pictures with the disney characters for my youngest who visited disney for the 1st time. Maybe next time...
This is a very small Disney property and it's best suited for: 1) those with small children (under the age of 7); 2) people who haven't been to any other Disney property and will lack a benchmark against which to compare it; and 3) die hard Disney fans who feel the need to  punch this ticket  and say they've been to all the Disney properties. That said, it's a pleasant enough place to spend a few hours, especially if you go when it's not too crowded. A few things worth mentioning: 1) it is far cleaner and better maintained than Ocean Park; hands down the better choice to visit if you have kids under the age of 7.2) the food choices are quite poor, especially for an amusement   theme park of this caliber, and particularly dismal if your palette runs to Western selections (e.g., dried squid is sold next to the ice cream as a treat).3) the lines can be abominable, especially on Autopia (quite a surprise, since it's not that great a ride, but for many locals and visitors from China, it is a HUGE draw), Winnie the Pooh, and Buzz Lightyear.4) our blonde haired daughter was quite a celebrity every time we visited, and is the guest star of numerous videos and photos across the Mainland. Prepare your children accordingly and be forewarned that they might receive a lot of well intentioned, but possibly unwanted attention. It's not a problem, in general, but for those with sensitive children, it can be a bit of a challenge, so best to be prepared. All in all, a nice enough way to spend an afternoon.
Cant say I enjoyed the experience but It was wet and rainy.  Not worth visiting if you've been to other Disneyland sites.  A very expensive activity!!!
I like everything i saw & experienced at disneyland, would love to come back if given the chance!!
A great day out. One day is enough because it is not a big as Anaheim but don't go in summer because you will suffer in the scorching heat!
if you do not visit Disneyland, you have lost it... Its worth taking a 2 days pass to discover the best thing for kids.. Disney..  The standards are WORLD CLASS inside the location. Worth it.
My family has been to Disney World, FL, Disneyland, CA, Disneyland, Paris and now Disneyland HK. It's definitely the smallest park with the least  Disney like  feeling. Very few rides. They are opening a Toy Story ride very soon, though. The park has been very nicely landscaped and has a real tropical feel to it.Space Mountain was disappointing and deemed  boring  by my kids. We all loved  It's a Small World . It's much nicer than the other parks that we've visited. Very vibrant and new. Cast members are not as friendly as their American counterparts although a few were.More rides are needed for older kids and adults before we would consider visiting again. Next time we will visit Ocean Park.
We have been in Disneyland in Orlando so compared to that part, the one in Hong Kong is small, however I think is perfect for small kids (my 2 years old loved it!), it has all the rides for their age, the best part is that is not as crowded as the others so we didnt have to wait long lines which sometimes is stressful for the little ones. They are opening Toy Story Land this week but we had the chance to have a sneak peek of the area, my son loves Toy Story so this was the best part of his experience, taking pictures with Woody and Jessy was great for the whole family. Recommended for families with small kids.
Wow. My child simply loved it. We stayed at the Hollywood Hotel and we all loved the hotel. Although Disneyland HKG is not as big as Universal Studios in Singapore, we still had a lot to see and enjoy. We especially enjoyed the the Fireworks Show & Castle Illumination show which were special shows ongoing on their 5th anniversary celebrations
Hong Kong Disneyland is the  condensed  version of the original Southern California Park. You can see on the maps and in the park that they have left room to expand the park   but so far   it isn't happening. Small World is there, but Pirates is not. There is no  Frontierland , but the Adventureland Jungle Cruise seems larger, and better laid out. Good Space Mountain   but no Matterhorn. All in all, the park is worth a visit, but don't expect DisneyWorld. There is a good bargain available. If you are on a short stopover between flights   with NO hotel stay, you can show your boarding pass or ticket, and get a substantial discount on a few hours in the park. Disneyland Hong Kong is very close to the airport by bus or metro. It's worth seeing, but my favorite Disneyland is in Paris   beautiful.
It would be unfair to compare any of the International Disneylands to California's or Florida's because they all have a bit of local flavor. One thing my son especially liked (since he loves trains) was the ride in the special Disney train. If you have kids, the train is definitely worth taking! The windows are in the form of Mickey's head, the hanging bands (what are they called? you hold on to them while the train is moving) are Mickey's hands holding the band, and there is something like a gallery in each train..Lots for kids (and adults!) to see inside the train. We were the only foreigners, and a family insisted we take a picture with them  very cute
Spotlessly  clean, uncrowded with short wait times for most rides, fun for us and for our 14 year old granddaughter.  Just like any other Disneyland, but with more Chinese visitors than Caucasian visitors.
The title pretty much says it all, our group of four adults and three children (9,7 and 3 years old) visited HK Disney right after the CNY had ended. Locals and folks from mainland China had returned to their work and the park was almost deserted. We have noticed this with my wife in our previous family trips to Asia as well, excellent time to enjoy many family oriented activities due to very little local tourism in the area. The weather was pleasant early March weather, not too hot and humid but rather nice, the lines to rides were max 5 minutes and we felt like to park was ours. Most shows were easy even for our 3 year old, enough restaurants and restrooms for small children, we were very pleased with the variety of shops in HK Disney and most characters were  loitering  around, so we could have our pictures taken without any waiting. I think our group pretty much visited every ride and almost every show in the park. When it was time to leave the park we also had the possibility to enjoy fireworks. Access to HK Disney was as smooth as any location within HK MTR network. Easy, cheap and fast. Our children especially loved and remembered the last portion of MTR with the special Disney theme subway.
If you have ever visited a Disney before, then you pretty know what to expect. The rides are wonderful, of course and the food was better, we thought than the American parks having a few more healthy selections. They sell ice lollies made from kidney beans, which is very strange. We did have to try them but they quickly went into the bin; an acquired taste I think.The staff are not as good as Disney Florida or California, but everything else matches up as it has a standard format.We had a great time!
Wow even for a 43 year oldie like me. I enjoyed the whole experience and the enjoyment on my daughters face made it all the better.Nice rides good experience and a lot to do for the kids.The Disney parade was spectacular and basically a lot to do. Preferably keep two days for it so that you and your family can actually enjoy the whole place.
If you cannot go to US Disney, this is just as good and is getting better each day.An experience which is a must to have for this side of the world.The hotels within are also very nice with excellent view of the sea.It is a must visit and the kids would have a great time.The evening light show is something which cannot be missed.
If you've visited the Disneyland Parks in the USA (LA and Florida), this will prove to be a disappointing trip. The rides and attractions are minimal. And some of the local tourists tend to be borderline uncivilized and rude, so be mindful and bring an extra doze of patience.
Disneyland Hong Kong is a theme park which proves itself to be among dream destinations of children. Before you hop in the train to Disneyland you feel like entering into a whole new world of fantasy. Park is very well connected with MTR and can be reached from anywhere in Hong Kong easily. One should collect the map of the park and the time table of events at the time of entry, then it is easy to see full park by directions in a single day. There are three parts of the park and there are different shows at different timings at any of the parts so be prepared to be at that place before the event starts. But overall if you miss a little then also it too much to handle. there are hundreds of picture taking spots so utilize your skills and collect memories for lifetime. Anyone who wants to still live with stories, fairies and fantasy must go there.
Have had many a good day in Disney Orlando, California and Paris but this park missed the point. The park itself was clean and efficient but the staff and atmosphere was lacklustre. This is a small park for the die hard Disney fan and only takes a few hours to see. Ride queues are long even during off peak and the staff are not into the whole 'Disney magic ' idea. Food and merchandise are very cheap compared to the usual Disney prices and we even tried a restaurant   why? The service was awful and the so called 'Chinese' food was worse than a supermarket microwave meal.
Like: Fun Place for Children and Great Customer ServicesDislike: Long Queue everywhere, need to train your children to be patience to wait for their turn, else your children will be upset by the long wait. (Thank you HK DisneyLand Staff that each station's game time was relatively short, so as to shorten the waiting in the queue.)
Go here if you are a die hard fan of Disney, however there isnt much to do for Adults, barring a few rides.The kids however seemed to have loads of fun. The park is well planned and you should be able to cover the whole park in a day easily. We went on a Sunday but the queues weren't too long. Good place for a family day out, but that's it.
Very nice Park. Just smaller than the ones in the US.
Like Disneyland Hotel...a true 5 star property. Recommend it to everybody who would like to have a good family time... Must go hotel.
quite far from the city and nothing much to do...  but hte parade quite nice and fun to be watched, it start at 4 in the afternoon
we all enjoyed rides and food here, we thought we may not enjoy but it was main attraction for my son we went here and value for money and time..... he will never forget the experience and we would love to come here again
If you had been to other Disneyland,be prepared, it is very small. Not that many amusements as the others, and a lot of tourists.....
My husband and I took a friend from Australia to Disneyland yesterday and we had a most enjoyable and fun outing. We loved the shows 'Festival of the Lion King' and 'The Golden Mickeys' as well as Mickey's PhilhaMagic. My favourite was 'It's a Small World' viewed by a boat trip   not to be missed. In addition, we enjoyed rides such as Dumbo the Flying Elephant, Mad Hatter Tea Cups, Orbitron, Autopia and a very scary ride on Space mountain! It was a trip down memory lane. The lighting of Tinkerbell's Castle and the fireworks should not be missed. We saw most of the attractions in the three lands during one day. The street parade was also fun to watch. The park was well organised and very clean. Despite reading some negative comments about the shops and food we found so many positive things to do and see. Being vegetarian we chose to buy food at the bakery for lunch and the only criticism was that the staff told us they had run out of some items but later we found these to be replenished. While it may be smaller than the American one it was good value for money and I would recommend it to others.
The place was easy to get to using the MTR with it having it's own train line. From Jordan St, two transfers gets you there. It is quite far from Hong Kong itself so the train makes for a faster trip compared to a taxi or bus.Once you get there the staff are accommodating as they should be but sometimes they do lack a vital skill, proper English. The attractions were clean and so were the places to eat but you still get the feel of being in China for as you eat in the food outlets, those who clean after you tend to clean up too early even with you still eating away at your meal. They have limited food to offer that is quite hard for finicky kids who won't eat local food or simply fries and burger meal(that come with a free corn on the cob???)We came during Halloween so the park was set to that theme and so was all of the merchandise. Sad thing is that the evening parades were mostly in Chinese or Cantonese so tough luck for us non Chinese speaking people.Overall, it was a good trip with the wife and my daughter who loved the place. They could try to make the shows more appealing to all nationalities but I know that's gonna be hard.
Much more small than the French nor American versions, anyway still had lots of fun, SPACE MOUNTAIN, IT'S A SMALL WORLD AND BUZZ LIGHTER..are muss do's...
The place is completely disappointing. A minimum of attractions you are through this place very fast. Everything is too expensive. Compared with the Ocean Park that place is a complete failure. To early opened with not enough attractions. Really awful. The only good thing there is the value of T Shirts which aren't expensive.
Enjoy my trip to hong kong disneyland.  Glad that we purchased the two days pass, just enough time for us to cover most of the attractions.
Found the Parade was great. It was really hot when we were there.. Not much shade provided unless you were on a ride.  would have liked some more water attractions especially for young kids. Overheated is not a good look!
If you live in Asia and would like to take your young children to a Disney theme park, Hong Kong Disneyland is the perfect place. The size of the theme park is just right for an all day fun for little ones. The rides and attractions are made to cater young children...no scary rides here at all (scariest would be Space Mountain)! The place has all the standard Disneyland amenities for the convenience of parents & children: stroller rental, stroller parking, baby care center (nappy change, nursing, food warming...and you can also buy some bottled baby food), first aid, cash machines, souvenir shops, snack kiosks, cafes, etc. TIPS:1) Plan your trip during the week, and avoid being there on weekends or public holidays to avoid the massive crowds and queues;2) Arrive during opening time if you have small children with you so they can enjoy the rides a bit more (not much queues)...park opens at 10am;3) If you can, plan to visit for a day and a half to avoid the mad rush of trying to get into all the attractions. We took our time during Day 1 to try as much rides & attractions as we could and stayed until the fireworks (7pm)...then came back the next day and went on the attractions we liked best;4) If you have the budget, stay at least a night in either of the Disney Hotels...when you're tired after a long day...after the fireworks...it is a nice thought that your cozy hotel room is less than 15 minutes away by bus;5) Plan your trip during the cooler seasons...it can become quite hot during the day.6) Take note of the language that will be used during screening times of some shows as they also have Mandarin & Cantonese.
This is a very small disneyland with limited rides. Nothing very thrilling that would excite teenagers or adults. If you have young kids, they would still love most of the rides like  Buzz Astro  and  It's a small world .Interesting thing   there were many middle aged adults (without kids) from China who would be willing to queue for 30  45 minutes to ride the children rides like the flying dumbo elephant. Then when they got onto the rides, they would look so bored. Guess there's really not much else to do.It is still after all a Disneyland and just being there gives you a sense of happiness. So if you've never been to any disneyland in other parts of the world, do get a one day pass to experience the magic.
My second time in Disneyland Hong Kong and it keeps better and better! Their Halloween theme was spectacular, their rides superb and of course, we had the opportunity of having our pictures taken with our favorite Disney characters. And the shows...they were really fantastic! Do not miss the Lion King Show and the Parade because it will definitely make your trip worth it. The evening was capped with the grand fireworks display synchronized to Disney music. It never fails to bring tears to my eyes.I just find the food too expensive and the souvenirs costly (again, it is Disney, what should we expect?). Regardless, one can still have a magical time and be a kid for at least a day.
They are not as big as the Disneyland in other locations but it's worth the ticket price. Ticket price has increased over the years but still at a reasonable price.The queue usually forms at least 30 mins before the gates open. Character photo taking queues are long as usual, could take up to an hour in queue for Mickey and Minnie. The queue is shorter at the very start of the day.Get fast pass for rides you want to go. Staffs are friendly and helpful. Parades usually at 330pm. Plan the routes first if possible. Shows are always at specific times. Fireworks at the end of day is short. If you plan to stay the whole day, and if you have any shopping done at any shops, you could have it delivered to the main entrance to collect end of day. Not all items are available in all shops, some exclusive to their individual shops only.Try avoiding summer time as weather could be hot and there is little shades available.
I went on Tuesday, less crowded leading to less time standing in line to the attractions. As my children gets older, the park is getting smaller! We were too early for the November 18th opening of the latest expansion, Toy Story Land.Disney Hong Kong is still attractive to my children. But when they become teenagers, I feel Ocean Park would be a better experience, since OP is investing heavily building rides for those who are 130cm   4ft 3in and above.Another issue is price, Disney HK cost 50% more then Ocean Park, at 399 hkd   50 usd, which is relatively expensive for HK.
Usual Disney standards but recommend going at halloween. Atmosphere just right, not too scary for the kids but brilliant if you want a fright or two.
Disneyland is a special place. I would say though that this one is a little light on for attraction. Space Mountain was closed while there and they are due to open Toyland a new part of the park in a week or two which I think they do need in order to provide more to do. Wasn't really too busy although we did attend a weekday. Staff are very good and things are well run and organised. The place could probably do with some more food options.
It's once in a lifetime visit to HK and my daughter really enjoyed much to see mickey and minnie. IT's wide for 3 attractions Tomorrowland,fantasyland and adventure land. We just visited to 2 places and my daughter didn't like anymore in adventureland. I visited tokyo disneyland too but i like tokyo coz' it's so wide with 6 attractions and not so crowded in compare to HK disneyland so many people because maybe so many coming here than in tokyo. But over all we enjoyed visiting this wonderful HK disneyland..
My nieces and nephews really enjoyed their visit here. The place is simply fantastic!
Once your in Hongkong, your in heaven and in heaven disney land is the best place to see, its not only for children but even for adults and a lovely place to be at.Its built with top class infrastructure with best of rides and lot of star attractions.It is so huge and big that one full day might not be enough to see each and everything.Lovely place with great climate its a lovely place i saw and enjoyed it so much that didnt want to come out from there.If you go to hongkong and if you dont see disney land then your trip to Hongkong is a waste
I wasn't sure whether I was in Paris or in Hong Kong Disneyland...There is practically no difference between those two... Hong Kong's one is less crowdy, though.
out of the world experience to have visited disneyland.... as the name suggests it's not only for children but nice place for adults too.  amazing rides... although outside food is not allowed but no checking you could take your food inside as the food inside...More
Its quite small, nothing much except disney theme. We went without kids so basically there is nothing much we can do there. We din see any rides suitable for adults. Thus if you are without kids, can skip it.
Travelled with my 6 year old and also had a 1 year old toddler on a pram! Luckily, it was a low traffic dya and not to hot too. Here are a few highlights and tips :  * Took the subway and DONT mis the Disney...More
We went there twice   mainly due to my kids demands. They are 12 and 9. Since we went on 2 days, we could space out our trip properly so that we don't have rush and hurry up. We went on weekday   that also...More
This may be one of the smaller Disneylands, but I feel that the admission fee was worth every cent. The live shows like the Golden Mickeys and the Lion King are those not to be missed. Stitch Encounter, an interactive animation, is hilarious. In celebration...More
Disneyland HK did not fail to excite the children and adults alike with its shows and rides. But for the thrills seekers, only the Space mountain ride could probably satisfy their taste for adventure. We weren't able to experience every single ride and show but...More
Fireworks, fun rides, and happy children! I have to say for those who would go here, please expect the same things as what you experienced the last time you visited here. However, don't let this stop you from reliving those happy moments with your loved...More
HK Disney is small but fun for younger children . Halloween decorations and special venues were well done and scary! Great value for an evening of Halloween fun. Park almost empty in early October after 6, which was great!
I went on a weekday to avoid the weekend crowds, and that definitely made the trip easier! I'd say if you aren't big on the shows and photograph taking with the disney characters, you could finish the park in a day. But if you'd like to...More
Miracle is the mot juste to portray Disney Land Hong Kong. The wonder park is quite sizable to plan ahead so that you can participate to the most fun available there in a full miracle day trip.  Do:    Pick up a metro rather than a...More
A great day,the attractions were excellent clean well run friendly.The whole place was so very clean tidy never saw any litter, smoking areas were placed around which was good for me..the rides were awesome.best was space mountain..
Easily accessible by rail.  Park is small compared to American parks and lacks many of the rides.  Small enough to do all the activities and rides in a day.  Fireworks show not impressive or outstanding.  If you've been to the Disneyland or Disneyworld, you will...More
Went on a weekday, still need to wait 1   2 hours for each ride.   Offen need to leave down the stroller in order to play the game   what if someone take it?!  Hotel is good, food are fine.
We enjoyed all the rides and it was great that nearly all of them our son was allowed on (just the roller coaster that he was too small for).  Get the Fast Pass on some of the rides and go back later on when your...More
Tickets can be taken from most of the hotels and these are valid for at least a month . So u can plan to go whenever u want on your trip .They allowed mineral water,juices inside . Reaching there early at about 9:30 AM helps...More
Very, very small compared to the other Disney properties.  Still as a Southern Californian from the 50's, It was a bit of nostalgia.  OP is a better choice if your on a tight schedule, but do it if you can.
I went to HongKong Disneyland with my dad and my sister. I went there when it still had a Christmas festive. So the decoration was all about Christmas! And I really love HongKong weather at that time.  Back to the topic, This is the first...More
Unless you are a fanatic, if you've been to Aneheim or Florida, give it a miss, otherwise, enjoy.  The huge Chinese style open boulevards and landscaping as you are driving into the park area is also interesting.
Its still Disneyland even if its smaller.  Great parade, great rides and shows.  I just don't like the walk from the entrance to the main park.. too far especially when its hot and sunny.  It's even farther if you stayed in their hotel.  Not that...More
Hong Kong Disneyland is a splendid and wonderful place to visit. I am very much awed and impressed of the total landscape area. The different attractions are indeed adventurous and one whole day is not enough to finish the visit. We had a picture at the entrance of the Hong Kong Disneyland Resort overviewing a mountain range.. As we approached the main entrance gate, each one of us were given an individual tickets. We were six all in all. Two children and four adults.Leaflets and flyers are at the counter to choose from and served as information tour guide. An easy toilet or rest roonm accomodates the guests on the right side inside the main gate. A very huge icon of Mickey welcomes everyone made from a landscape garden. We queued at the Main Street, U.S.A., as our first attraction. We consumed for about thirty minutes or more to have pictorials with Mickey and Minnie. But the long wait was definitely more worthy enough!!! On the left side we had a picture with goofy. Indeed, it is not only the children who were so excited but the adults too. The childlike attitude within you will really come out naturally. I could not expressed how happy we are really. I would not go into details because i will be then writing a book about the wonders of Hong Kong Disneyland. However, i will share our last moments as we witnessed the fireworks and background music as the show ended. I was teary eyed because of extreme happiness and joy when we left Hong Kong Disneyland.
There was Halloween theme and able to catch all the Halloween shows and parade. It's indeed interesting and  scary  heheBut it's really crowded with ppl! Must queue just to take pic with Mickey or even to watch show parade. As for the ride, a bit kiddy for me...not really like it
This park is only really suitable for children under 7 or 8 years of age. We went with our two children (aged 10 and 13) and, in their words, the park was  lame ! There were only two good rides   Space Mountain and Buzz Lightyear. The queue for Space Mountain was long   so make sure you get a free  fast ticket    which lets you go on the ride a little later within a one hour time period. This lets you spend your time doing something else   then you can come back and basically get on the ride with very little wait.The parade was good. The food was terrible! My husband bought some fried chicken which had suspicious looking black, grainy stuff between the chicken and the batter (chicken guts?)   so it was thrown out. It was hard to find any food that we liked. The only half decent food was the Chinese food   but everything we wanted had sold out. BE WARNED   you are not meant to take your own food into the park, as they want you to buy their very, very bad food! Your bags are checked for food as you go though the entrance gates!! We would not go back again.
A first class park with friendly helpful staff. Just as good quality, if not better than LA disneyland.There are not many rides at this park, but it is being expanded. The quality and attention to detail of the rides is excellent and better than LA. The three shows were outstanding and definitely worth watching.The disney themed train ride to the park was an added bonus.We went on a Sunday and the queues were small. We did every ride and show.Staff paid our son lots of attention giving him many stickers for his birthday.Not to worry about the other bad reviews our whole family even a teenager enjoyed this park ads much as Disneyland and California park in Los Angeles.
We didn't have high hopes but as we went into each attraction we found them extremely high quality. The rides were fun and the shows were brilliant. Fun was had by everyone.Everything was clean and in order, nothing was shabby, the staff were professional and it didn't even seem that expensive. We will definitely return and next time spend more than one day here.
I went to HK Disneyland this October.Well it's a good place but there our purse was stolen. We had our whole cash in it(we were penny less), Our belonging each and everything was lost.We called china police there but they were so careless..and lied to us..they said that there will be a security check on the exit but it was a lie.They made a fool out of us. It was a really bad experience. THERE ARE NO CCTV INSIDE THE PARK.If you are planning to go there..please take care of your belongings.
It was an amazing place to be with all our favourite Disney characters but it's very small which is quite of a bit disappointment. We completed the place from 11am to 4pm with several coaster trips and musical shows. We waited for the fireworks which was good. Food was not too good though for a place like this. I don't think I will be back again unless there are something new to it.
HK Disneyland was great because it's small. We went on a weekday when there were hardly any line ups and you can do the whole park in one day, even with 2 kids aged 4 and 1. Compared to when we went to Disneyworld in March, this was a much better experience because there were no line ups. We even went on my favourite ride,  It's a Small World , twice because there was no line ups!
Go on  weekday, the crowds are less and you can see more   little kids enjoyed everything   they had fun
If you have already been to Anaheim and Orlando you will find HK Disneyland sadly lacking. Space Mountain, Buzz Lightyear, Small World and Jungle Cruise as well as a bunch of the smaller rides like teacups, Carousel, Winnie the Poo etc. Notably missing are most of the good rides like Splash, Big Thunder, Pirates, Indiana, Haunted Mansion etc. However, we still had an enjoyable day. As always everything is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful, however, the food outlets are awful, when we were there the Comet had 4 meals on offer, but could only supply 1 of them and the alternate restaurant that we found opposite had burger style meals that were not nice, the pork in my friends burger was stringy and dehydrated.
We stayed at the Disneyland Hotel   wow what a place. Breakfast with the characters and a swim in the pool. The kids were made to feel so special and we paid extra for them to be dressed up as Rapunzel. We spent two days at the park with my eldest and I attending the fireworks in the evening whilst the other family members were in bed early. Well worth the visit!
The park is the right size for young children with plenty to see and do without ruining it for the kids
its an amazing place for kids. i have been to paris disney too but this is good too.an advise for the disneyland admin: kindly flash the info of availablity of indian food. it will be very convenient for indian vegan tourists. go there early around 11 am or so and be there till 10 pm. evening parade and night fireworks are awesome.
Disneyland   happiest place on earth? Well HK Disney is a bit of a disappointment.To start with getting into the place takes 30 minutes as they have to check every single bag. When you have thousands waiting to get in, then the queues they provide is certainly not enough. Imagine having kids excitedly wanting to get in, only to have to queue at the front entrance for 30 45 minutes.Also if you didn't buy your tickets online, you will also have to queue to purchase the tickets first. Lucky we bought ours online, but the ticket printing machine printed only 5 of our tickets when we have bought 6.The HK Disney is smaller than the US Disney, so there are fewer rides and less things to do once you are in the park.Most of the rides require at least 30 minutes of waiting time. On the day we were there, the weather bureau issued a typhoon 3 warning, and as a result they shut down all the outdoor rides. However during the entire day we were there, there was hardly a breeze. The management should be a bit more flexible and reopen some of the rides as there was no risk or danger. The only plus is that the Lion King show is worth a visit. Also you can buy Disney merchandise at the HK International airport so if you must get the Disney toys, there is an alternative.Also food and drinks are very expensive in there. Another minus is the some of the visitors from the mainland have no clues on what a queue is and their children just cut into the queues. Save your money and go to other Disneyland if you must.
Disneyland HK is tiny: a grownup can walk from one end of the park to the other in 15 minutes. Although a surprise for anyone whose expectations have been set by the other Disneylands, this actually makes it just perfect for toddlers. I took my two year old on Saturday afternoon after his nap. I'm not sure if we just lucked out or if most people go in the morning and are tired by the afternoon, but arriving at 4pm was just perfect: queues were never longer than 10 minutes, and we enjoyed the cool October breeze. We watched the Lion King show, took the jungle cruise, had dinner, went on the carousel, dumbo, winnie the pooh, and it's a small world. Food was fine, toilets were clean. Before we knew it, it was fireworks time. A magical time for bub, not too exhausting for mummy and daddy. All in all a great day out. We'll go again next year   perhaps for two days.
We were told by a few local friends that Ocean Park was the best of the two theme parks, but our children voted for Disneyland. Wrong choice! HK Disneyland is very professionally run, ultra clean, and has extremely friendly staff....... but you can pretty much cover all shows and attractions in half a day. To be honest there is very little there at all (.....even with the addition of the seasonal halloween attractions). We got there at about 11am and by 2pm we had done the park! We stayed till the fireworks, but found it had to kill time. There is only so many times you can go on the space rollercoaster (....the only great ride at the moment).They are in the process of building 3 additional areas, but they seem to be several years away from full completion. Maybe in 5 plus yeas this may be a theme park of note, but at the moment it feels like a very distant 6th cousin of Disneyland in the US.The food was also the worst I have ever had at a theme park.We should have gone to Ocean Park and I suggest you do the same.
As we were about to pay at the entrance we were advise that a T3 typhoon 3 was issued and that all outdoor attractions would be closed. Having built up the expectation with our 10 yr old we still went in. What we did not know is that it meant 80% of all the rides attractions are closed. Even though it rained only for 10 minutes that day and no wind, the park had to stick to their policy.This of course meant long cues (45 min average wait) for 20% of rides   not fun.However we found one neat trick   at Space Mountain the cue was 50 min long, but go to the 'single only' cue with no waiting   yeah   we went on 6 times.We found most of the food good and well priced. If you have never been to any other Disneyland and the weather is good, it would be a good day. The park is small so one day should be enough.(This review comes form a family of 3 who spent 10 days at Disneyland and California land in LA and still did not do every ride)
I am self confessed disney addict. I strongly believe that in Disneyland do you leave today and enter the world of yesterday, tomorrow and fantasy. The cons first and there aren't too many:1. The park is really small compared to the other parks. A strip down version can be completed in one day (not including all the rides) and a full exploration can be completed in two days.2. The food quality differs substantially across the park, I tried food at a fair few places and I liked the bakery at the main street the most, I think I had a chicken and mushroom quiche at the bakery and it was lovely.Now the real thing. I loved Disneyland HK, there is a dedicated line to park and it is called Sunnybay (What a lovely name, right?!). We did pretty much everything in one day. Our itinerary was as follows:1. Caught the Mickey's Philharmonic at 11.30am,2. Collected fast pass for the Winnie the Pooh ride and Space Mountain at 12 for fast pass entry at 3.30 4.45 for both the rides.Most people who have visited Disneyland know the concept of fast pass, but I will explain it here for those who don't. All Disneylands have fast pass for their most popular rides. You must retain your park pass and go to a fast pass machine (always installed at the premises of the fast pass machines) to collect this pass. Your fast pass will tell you a range of time (mostly 45 minutes) like from 3.30 4.15 pm, you just have to retain this pass and come to the ride between this time and you get to avoid the queue! There is a separate line for the fast pass holders. For the ease of reference all the park maps will have fast pass rides will be denoted with an FP.3. Caught the Golden Mickey's show at 12.45am4. Caught lunch and it was quite a task and then went to the Jungle ride, which made us wait for quite a while.5. Went for the Its a small world ride (adorable thing!) at 1.30 pm at the time flight of fantasy parade. Now, this is important and we realised it only after visiting the park. There are two flights of fantasy parade (I don't know the timing correctly), since most of the crowd is interested in the parade it is a very good idea to use the timings for one of the parades to track the crowded rides such as the Carousel, Jungle Ride, Its a small world. We used this time for that.6. Went for the Jungle ride after it (so cute!)7. Went for the Winnie the Pooh and Space Mountain rides8. Went for the second flight of the fantasy parade. 9. Caught the Festival of Lion King at 6 pm.I hope this helps and it. I loved it. So very amazing and I will definitely go back again!
My last visit to Disneyland was in the USA, a good 14 years ago......but i must say HK Disneyland brought childhood back to life! A truly magical experience which must not be missed.You can buy tickets from any disney store ( you can find one at the promenade and another at the peak). They are also avaiable at the Hong Kong Station's Disney KioskMust See :The Golden MickeysLion King ShowThe Mickeys 3D ShowSpace Mountain   Roller CoasterFlights of Fantasy   The ParadeMeet and Greet Sessions with the CharactersCarrying an umbrella during the summers is a good idea ..since you will have to stand in long queues for various attractions.Secure your position atleast 15 mins prior to the Flights Of Fantasy and Fire Works Show if you want to sit in the front row with no one obstructing your viewIt is advisable to reach at the park early around 11am so that you are able to see all attractions   long queues take up alot of time
We are absolute Disney fans. Having visited this Disneyland years ago and Paris Disneyland many, many times, I found our day at Hong Kong Disneyland very unimpressive. The western food in the restaurant was inedible and we had asked staff where we could get the best possible lunch. Then I thought that a chicken pie from the bakery would be ok... however, the filling was yuk and the pastry sweet as for an apple pie. I have lived in Shanghai, so am very accustomed to tourists from this part of the world, but the pushing and shoving that we received was really unacceptable. Getting hit in the head by umbrellas whilst watching the parade when not being shoved is not fun. It was really not worth the three train rides nor the entrance fee. I cannot believe that Disney headquarters allows this place to continue using the Disney brand. It is so NOT a Disney experience.
Went with my 16 years old daughter. Though the park has only about 2 rides that are of interest to teens (space mountain and buz lightyears ) we did have an enjoyable full day.There is an advantage to the parks small size: you can walk across form one and to another in 5 10 min. This makes it easier to catch shows and parades.Tip: space mountain has a singles line that nobody uses. So if you don't care to sit next to a stranger, you need only wait about 5 min in line. My daughter did this ride about 4 times. For example we had half an hour before a show started at another end of the park. She went on space mountain and we still had time to catch the show on time. We went on a day that was supposed to be very busy. A Sunday on a week of vacation. But we didn't find the lines longer than in other amusement parks.
Before you go to disneyland, always, I repeat ALWAYS check the weather forecast first or watch local TV for update weather! When I came here, there's a warning for typhoon level 3, so ALL the outdoor attraction are CLOSED. Even some indoor attraction like Space Mountain and Buzz Lightyear Astro Blaster which is like indoor rollercoaster is effected by weather condition. Due to weather condition they won't give you any refund or anything in return.So we basically paid HKD 399 to shop(and pay some more) some cute souvenirs there and paid some overprice food and beverage and queuing for cute character. Be prepare to pay minimum HKD 55 for meal and HKD 15 for a bottle of mineral water   coke. But do i complain? nope.. lol... i will visit there another time to just buy another expensive souvenir and wish that there's no bad weather the other time ^^What can i say, i grew up with this character, i love all Disney character too dearly to hate the price ^^
This is the first time we have experienced Disney Land. Was lots of fun & lots to do. Very popular. Be prepared... bring a small towel, walking shoes, band aids, etc. Can get very hot walking in the sun all day long. Food & drink prices a very reasonable. If you stay for the evening light show & fire works shows, then be aware there is a 30 minute gap between the 2 shows. Train to & from the venue is well organised & easy to use.
No doubt a great place to bring kids to. Cons: Too crowded. Queues are too long. Personally, I visited in Dec 2010. Its the month of school holidays so the place is jam packed. I suppose, for those with kids attending school, you don't have much of a choice. Do avoid weekends, its much worse.I visited Hong Kong in Sep 2011 again and a couple of my friends went to Disney   no queues!. So I'd say, visiting Disney during other months and especially on MONDAYs is a much better option.That being said, Sep in Hong Kong means very bad weather. Hot, humid and high potential for dehydration and overheating. If you are travelling without kids and you have a choice of when to travel, try to go during Jan May   Nov and avoid weekends like the plague. Then you get to enjoy many rides without queuing too much!Be aware that there will be some visitors who like to stand very close to you in a queue. They also like to push their way to the front and jump queues. Be prepared to see such inconsiderate tourists.Do stay till you see the fireworks display at the end of the day. It is a wonderful way to end a day at Disneyland :)
Is nice to go if you have kids, othervise, you are going to get bored a bite beause there are no attractions for adults. specially if you have already gone to Island of adventure. There are nice restaurants in the maine strret.
My family were excited to share the experiences with our 2 year old daughter. The attractions rides were really nice and easy to get into without waiting too long. The only blunder i could comment on here is there wasnt much  raz mataz  on the streets, or entertainment coming up directly to you , etc.
The moment we arrived at the park, we immediately felt as if we're in a faraway fantasy land. Even the parking area is well decorated with disney's characters.However, we had a long walk towards the entrance;riding the mtr is better. Park attractions will make everyone of all ages feel young. Don't forget to watch the lion king and mickeys show. Tarzan's jungle adventure is the greatest of all its like being immersed in a real jungle. There are themed restaurants and cafes inside and prices are moderate just as expected in a nice place such as Disneyland. Pictures are taken in every themed attraction you enter and its all posted at the shops adjacent to that.
Likes:The train to Disneyland is really a big WOW to all the kids. Even myself was delighted to see the mickey mouse theme train.It's so lively to have a ride on this mickey mouse train.Disneyland:The souvenirs in all the shops are replica. Nothing special and quite costly.The rides are awesome. But Q is duper long, waited almost an hour.Dislikes:Overcrowded, hardly can overtake the person infront of you.
We had two days here thursday 8th and Sunday 11 september.The Thursday was by far the better of the two apart from the heat it was a really good day my children could go on the rides they wanted to without huge lines. The wait to see the characters was also reasonable and they never rushed them away.However on the Sunday there was so many people there as it was a long weekend for the the mid autumn festival. There was so many rude pushy people. The lines were huge but that was oK as we had done them all the other day. We did go on some when we saw the lines were smaller. I would recommend if you can do the river cruise ride in the day and again in the night as it is such a different ride at night.So I would also say if you can help it go on week days and NOT long weekends. But sometimes you don't have a choice so in that case go early do all the rides first before it gets to busy.My girls still love the park it was there second trip since march.
My 8 yo daughter and I visited Disneyland HKG this Aug. Given the weather in these countries, I suppose one has to be prepared to sweat it out. But apart from the seamless transfer to and from my hotel, the rest of the day spent inside the theme park was equally dissapointing for both of us. We were of unanimous decision that Universal Studios Singapore was clearly a cut above.If you or your child(ren) are hardcore Disney fans the experience may be more meaningful but we felt overwhelmed with the branding without much substance to the rides and attractions which is what any visitor would want to come for. Some shows were really good but overall if i were to visit the Far East again for a child friendly holiday, I would probably go back to Singapore. Being in Dubai where the cost of living is above world average we still felt that the price of souvenirs and food beverage was quite high.
it was a brilliant place to visit with family. also the characters there are nice and the you can watch 3d shows.
My husband and I have always been huge Disney fans. Having traveled a number of times to Disneyland in the USA prior to having our kids, we just couldn't wait to experience the magic of Disney as a family with our own children. Hong Kong Disneyland was the perfect first choice for our small children. (2 years & 4 years). Yes, it is a small park in comparison to the rest of them, however it was all we needed to have a brilliant time as a family. Not too much walking, or too much for young kids to take in. The queues for rides were not too long during the week, we loved the shows, and the Disney drawing classes are a bonus and a great time out for the kids! The food was great, we loved all the Hong Kong style foods such as the egg tarts, the Maxims Yum Cha was delicious   there were many food outlets we didn't get to try too that looked great! We stayed at the Disneyland Hotel, which I could not speak more highly of, I will review separately : )
Took my 2 young boys 2 n 4 to hk Disney n it's very enchanting for them with the many princesses n mickeys n friends ard ! They absolutely love the place n we went back again within the yr .I spent the whole 5 days in Disney ! Of course , it's not the most interesting thing for me to do   to pretend amazement aft seeing buzz light yr for the 50th time   but the trip was for the kids so .....N for pp who intend to indulge the kids with many days at Disney , it's worthwhile to get the annual pass . Moreover , with the pass , u can get big disc at Disney hotel which is a great place with decent room size to fit a family of 4 !U must do the Disney breakfast to meet Mickey n friends where the characters really indulge the kids with their attention   so u need not queue so hard to get a shot with Mickey at Disney Pk itself . the food is not great , but alright for the kids, but I suppose we r paying for mickey 's time !Tried some shopping at the shopping centre but not worth the time as the branded goods r more ex than Singapore . The reject shops r great thou. !
What can be said about disneyland and its life...its an awesome experience as ever...felt like years in the past...theres the usual long queue before each attractions but unlike other areas, people in asia are very much more polite and respectful.i love at my time the tiny world attraction and many more.had pics with most of the buddy walking around like bux bunny, buzz and many more.however the food court was quite expensive like the restaurants inside.yet the food was nice...when i was there, at the end of the final show therw was a magnificent fireworks.however afterwards there was a rush to get the train back to reality...i went for dinner and took the train afterwards as it was less busy and more easy... Njoy
The smallest of the Disney parks, but no less fun. Another reviewer complained about the fellow guests. While that's true, this is Asia, so get used to pushing and dangerous umbrella usage. Consider it a cultural experience!We love disney's magic where ever it may be!
Ok we went the end of August, we have been to Disney in Florida, California, and Paris, the park itself was nice, the staff was nice and that was it. It was crowded not a problem but what was the problem was the people were just so rude, the pushing and shoving cutting in lines for the rides, gift shops, food stands was just to much to take. forget trying to see one of the shows its a free for all for seats, i don't see how disney can let this happen, it was by far the worst run disney property. My 9 year old was calling it the most unruly place on earth. you know its bad when kids don't want to go on rides because they don't want to be pushed and shoved and etc,,,, go elsewhere ocean park is better, the cable car ride to the big Buddha is better.
It simply doesn't get better than this.Curried fish balls down Main Street USA   fantastic.This is literally like they've lifted up the Magic Kingdom from it's home (wherever that might be) and slotted into Lantau Island in Hong Kong and added some fine local touches and local guys.Sure it might get busy, but it's Disney and it's in Hong Kong. Space Mountain not as scary as the one in Disneyworld and they have real live talking, moving rubbish bins!Go and see the main HK first and then stay for a few days in the Disneyland hotels and have a Disney time before heading back home   airport is only 20 minutes away.
It is definitely not worth the monney you pay and the time you spend to reach the park : the park is only 25 fo 33% of a normal park (ONLY 3 THEMES PARKS). If you want to go with the family, better go the Ocean Park.
Having some time to kill we decided to fill in our last afternoon in Hong Kong at Disneyland. We found it to be a great place to spend some time people watching     I love how people dress up and get into the Disney spirit. Although we didn   t go on many rides ourselves the lines didn   t seem too long     Had a cute and colourful parade which ensured we were both humming that infernal song for days     As expected there were a large variety of food outlets and gift shops    I really didn   t feel that it was that expensive an outing but then we are used to the theme parks at the Gold Coast which are pretty hard on the wallet. There were good sized lockers to stash our carry on luggage in as we had already checked our main luggage in that morning at Kowloon Station    Took the MTR to Disneyland and think kids would get a kick out of the cute Disney additions to the train (mickey shaped windows etc)     Easy to grab a taxi from Disneyland to the airport
We just came back from HK Disneyland. The weather was extremely hot and humid up to 33 o'celcius. We went in around 11:30am but it was alread pack with people. I was told this just normal peak but already we need to wait half an hour (under shade but still v hot) for a mere one minute ride.The best part were the festival of the lion king. The show was fantastic with energetic dancing and movement. There was never a dull moment. But waiting for the gate to open was a hell enough. The times guide advised us to go there early as they would closed the gate 10 mins before the show, so we waited and waited under the hot weather for more than 25 minutes to be allows in. It was crowded and small fans at the edge of the shade just couldn't help much. And they still allowed those who are late to come in. We felt wasted time in the waiting.About the food, quite expensive but choice aplenty. We resisted the FP because it just let you go fast on only 3 rides which i think is not worth it.My tips : the tarzan's treehouse not to mention, just boring and we missed the chance to go on the river cruise. Space Mountain thrilling and Blatz Light Year is like playing computer games. We stayed at the Hotel Disneyland and had the breakfast with character in the enchanted garden. I will in my review in another title.
For us, this was a lovely adventure. Yes, it is smaller   but the lines are reasonable, the crowds are less daunting. It's got the classic rides   Space Mountain, Tea Cups, It's a Small World, etc. Plus   several shows throughout the day when you need to take a rest. I'm normally not a fan of the shows   but they're very well done at HK Disney and on a hot day, a welcome retreat.We purchased our tickets in advance from the kiosk at the Peak Tram (and got a free umbrella from it!). So entry was easy and fast. They check bags, but it's fast and the lines move quickly. We took advantage of the on site lockers to store our backpack. So convenient!We did not stay for the fireworks. It was super hot, so we got our Disney fix and headed back to Hong Kong. We also did not watch the parade, opting instead to taken advantage of that time for lunch. The subway line to Disney is fun, easy to use and quick.They have additional attractions in the works   so I suspect HK Disney is going only going to improve in time.
This was such a refreshing change from Ocean Park, which was a disaster for me. Unlike that, Disneyland allows you to buy tickets online. When we got there, we proceeded to a machine. Inserted the credit card I used to buy the tickets online. And the tickets were printed by the machine. All this in less than 5 minutes.. And we were in the park. Everything was so convenient. Signages were excellent. Food, map, attractions, show times, toilets, everything was so easy to find. It is a park that all age groups will enjoy. The fireworks at the end of the day at the main castle was spectacular. That alone Was worth the ticket. Go with your loved ones!
We visited Disneyland for a day and a half in August. Disneyland Hong Kong is small compared to the other Disney parks so you can easily do all attractions in a day and in hindsight we should have just bough the one day pass. It is best for families with small children as there aren't many rides and attractions for older children and adults.We went in August and it was very hot and humid and also very crowded. Waiting 30 to 90 minutes for the most popular attractions is not fun especially with small kids, but I guess with the summer holidays this was to be expected. Visitors don't always respect queuing rules and there was a lot of pushing, which we are not used to and it was very uncomfortable. We did get fast passes for some of the rides which worked well. We also had to wait about 25 minutes to get into one of the restaurants for lunch and it seemed there wasn't enough capacity in the restaurants in the park to accommodate the crowd. There is only one restaurant that serves western food.We came by taxi which was very quick and convenient, no issues at all.
Disney HK is compact in size which is great if you have a tight schedule and  or if you don't like to walk too much. We took the guided tour and it was wonderful because we didn't need to line up for any rides and had reserved seating for all the shows (best seats for rides & shows). We paid approximately $3200 HKD for a personal tour for 5 people. To note: the lines were maybe 5 15 long the day we visited. I found the souvenirs very affordable for Disney branded items (much less than what I paid at Disneyland in the US). We ate at a restaurant in Disney and appreciated the Halloween designed dishes. Overall, 2 thumbs up!!!
We visited Disneyland Hong Kong in August 2011 and went with two small children (aged 6 and 7). We found the park to be quite disappointing. There were a lot of rides for very young children but even at 6 and 7 years old, the two boys felt that they were too old for all but two of the rides.Furthermore, a lot of the food was sold out at the various stalls which meant that they were quite hungry and we needed to get something to eat when we left the park.Finally, there was a huge stampede for the Disney MTR train when we were leaving. I felt that this was bordering on the dangerous and was a bit concerned for the safety of the two boys.I would recommend that visitors to Disneyland HK only go if they have very small children. If they are much over 6 years old, then Ocean Park is a better option. I would also recommend that you bring some snacks and drinks in case you experience similar problems with food availability.
I've been twice now with my kids 2 and 4 year old. Really compact but a great days out and no cue's during midweek. Adults can accompany the kids on the rides and there's plenty to do in one day. Recommended for kids under 8 but its a great family day out.
It's a good experience but it wasn't fantastic, as compared to other places. Its size and varieties, to us, it is 'no match' to our outdoor theme park in Sunway. Kids enjoyed the rides, some exhibitions, that's all. No wet park, means no water play....More
Don't get me wrong, I don't mind to visit a small theme park as long as I can enjoy it. Disneyland Hong Kong do have the potential. However, the visitors are horrible. They keep pushing and use umbrella in a way that dangerous to taller people. Worst, at the  Small World  attraction, there was a woman let her around 5 years old kid to take a poop on a plastic bag! Yes the queue was long, but it is not an excuse for such unruly behavior. My suggestion, apply strick rules on the park and train the staff to warn the visitor!
This is patterned on the original Disneyland with a few cultural variations, but is much smaller. Before you visit, look it up online so you know what to expect. It has the Railroad, Dumbo, Merry Go Round, Autopia, Space Mountain, Buzz Lightyear, Jungle Cruise, Tarzan's Tree House, and others, but NO Star Tours, Toon Town, Haunted Mansion, or Pirates of the Caribbean. Food is noodles and rice, with only a single restaurant for western fare. It was refreshing to have covered queue lines, generally with fans, and Small World was even air conditioned. Unfortunately, it seemed like the Jungle Cruise and Small World boats moved quicker than in Anaheim.Besides being smaller than we expected, what lessened the experience was a general lack of accepted protocol by most of the attendees. In Anaheim, we are used to waiting in line. At this park, queues were largely ignored, and people often went around others pushing their way through the line. Even at Small world, where people are lined up in aisles to get into the boats, people would climb over the seats to get where they wanted. At one show, an altercation broke out as people were pushing their way into the theatre. Park staff tried to keep the participants separated and started the show as they were still shouting at each other across the theater. Even on the Jungle Cruise, the driver (They had separate lines for English and Chinese speaking) incessantly admonished riders to keep their hands in the boat (which got very close to moving attraction parts). People seem to talk louder in this part of the world, always shouting no matter how close (or far away) they are. Most of the kids are wild and unrestrained.The restrooms were much better maintained than Anaheim.
Okay before I review this Disney keep in mind we've been to Florida and LA DisneyLand..The HK Disney has no ToonTown which was very disappointing to my teenager. It is small and compact and if you plan it right you could do it in half a day.We had lunch at RiverView Cafe which is in Adventureland   it was terrific Asian food. You get heaps for your money and the service was great & you can have a laugh with the staff as well.The shopping at Disney wasn't at good as other Disney's   quality wise.Space Mountain is the best ride and if you go just before the fireworks starts there's no line   so you could go twice if you run fast!The fireworks seemed shorter than the Florida ones   but we should expect that. Would recommend taking an umbrella or hat for the sun   it is powerfully hot and sunny and not many shady places.There is a train that goes around Disney   worst, slowest, hottest ride ever!Catching the MTR Disney Train was great and I recommend it to anyone with kids!The Lion King show is an absolute must! Get there early though as it gets full quickly and I recommend you take a drink to wait beforehand as you are in like a holding pen before they open the doors.. it's worth it though!
Loath the experience there due to its small size the rude mainland chinese who cut queues by sending a rep to every queue and an entire group cuts in to joins the single representative. Real ugly.
Hong Kong is hot in the summer and very humid. Queuing up 45 minutes with two young children is not fun. And that is just to get in! Queue for tickets, queue for baggage search, queue to get in. If that how it is on the outside you can imagine what is like once inside. A 45 minute queue for a 60 second ride is not my idea of fun although some people may not mind this. Also, paying $285 for a 3 year old who cannot go on quite a few rides is just a rip off. The day is also marred by overpriced rubbish food and drinks, rude people pushing in the queues, jumping over barriers etc. whilst emplyees look on. This is not the first time I have been there but will certainly be the last for sometime. An hour there and back too just compounds the whole bad experience. Save your money and go to Ocean Park!
This is a really full on day. We are two adults in our late twenties and we arrived at the park before it opened and left when it was closing and still didn't get everything done. It's probably not two full days though. it's probably a day and a half. I've not been to any of the other disney parks, but this one was fantastic. The easiest way to get there is just catch the train, you can use your octopus card. The disney train is an attraction in itself.The prices are very reasonable, not just with the good exchange rate but not the exhorbitantly inflated prices you tend to see at theme parks and attractions in general. Even the souveniers were reasonably priced.Try to go around the park in a clockwise direction, as indicated in the map. We did this and found that we arrived at each of the theatres, parade location etc, just as the relevant show was starting. We didn't bother with getting our photos taken with the characters as the lines were too long, but we saw all the shows and went on most of the rides.The shows are excellent, the 4D show is a MUST see.The rides, very helpfully, have a sign at the start of the line that tells you how long the wait is from that point. You can plan your day around this, we came back to a few things in the afternoon when the line was shorter. Most of the poeple with young children seemed to clear out in the mid afternoon which made the lines shorter for people like us. Some of the rides also enable you to pre purchase a ticket for a particular time and then come back at that time rather than standing in line. Definitely do this, as it drastically cuts down your time spent waiting in lines.I love rides and was not disappointed.The park is impeccably clean, the staff are impeccably helpful and everyone seems to be at least tri lingual. Everything is presented in at least English, Mandarin and Cantonese. I think at one point I was also addressed in German when I didn't respond quickly enough to being addressed in English! It is worth going just to see how easily the staff switch from one language to another depending on who they look at. That being said, I never had trouble understanding or being understood.There is a wide variety of western and traditional chinese food depending what you are after. We had excellent chinese for lunch then had more theme parky pizza for dinner. I recommend the mickey mouse waffles.The fireworks show at the end is magnificent and a must see. The souvenier stores stay open after the fireworks so if you don't have huge shopping to do, do it then as nothing else is really open at that time and you don't have to carry your stuff around all day.The people dotted around the place taking photos are not at all pushy and there is no pressure to buy. You have to turn off the ingoring people habits you will have developed in Kowloon because these people are actually lovely and very helpful. We ended up purchasing some photos because they were great, not to get rid of pushy people. They just give you a ticket and at the end of the day you can decide what, if any, photos you want to buy.The park is HUGE and there is a LOT of walking. If you have any mobility problems at all bite the bullet and hire a stroller wheelchair at the beginning. All the rides have places to park them and it is not at all uncommon for someone to pop out of a wheelchair to go on a ride.All up, I have yet to have a holiday experience that beats this. I'd go back tomorrow if I could.
My two boys, ages 1 and 4, and my husband and I had a fantastic day. We spent a week at Disneyworld in Florida and even thought HK Disneyland is much smaller, it is still the Disney experience. The attention to detail is fantastic, Cast Members polite, queues tolerable, food yummy and attractions fun. All in all a great day. Upgraded 1 day ticket to Magic Access and will return very soon.
I read the reviews and knew what to expect. Basically this is a mini version of the US Disneylands, aimed more at young kids and those who simply love the  spirit of Disney .The list of  missing  attractions is long   Splash Mountain, Thudermountain Railroad, Haunted House, Indiana Jones Adventure, hell there isn't even a Pirates of the Carribean. What's Disneyland without POTC??Positives are Space Mountain and the Lion King show, but after that there's very little for teenagers or thrill seekers, and once the younger kids are tired of lining up for things like the Winnie the Pooh ride (1hour) or photos with characters (20 45 mins), your hotel pool (and bar) will be starting it's siren call.
From riding the disney train, to the walking in to your favoutie disney tunes. Loved every moment. I was back to a child again. I stood in line to get photos with Mickey and co. and watched the parade! Staff were friendly and I enjoyed the rides ALOT. Great attraction
We went to HK Disney on a very hot day in July this year with our kids 8, 9 and 15 (all girls). It was a busy train trip to get there but all the stations are marked clearly and we arrived just as the park opened. My advice   take water, sunscreen and an umbrella. Wear very comfortable shoes as the lines are really long but the wait time is clearly marked. Absolutely the best ride we had all day was the Space Station rollercoaster   well worth the wait. The kids enjoyed Tarzan's Treehouse and best of all the Grand Parade.The souvenir stores are good value and there are carts everywhere where you can buy water. The whole park seemed to be very clean and the bathroom facilities were excellent. We bought the food vouchers at the front gate for lunch and dinner but in hindsight they were not worth it as we left before dinner.It is quite a small park but still worth the visit   set aside a whole day to see everything.
If you're a Disney fan, I definitely recommend it, but in comparison to any of the other Disney parks in the world, it is quite small. They only have a few  lands  and we were easily able to see the entire park in a day. Regardless, I still really enjoyed it. It was July, so it was unbearably hot, but they did a good job of providing air conditioned relief. Again, still really fun! Bring an umbrella for the sun   everyone else does, and it will provide some relief.
Anyway, first, I recommended going there with my family since we will be going with my 3 year old nephew. I already told myself that it is all for him. But when we arrived there! I can't stop myself adoring the place! It is just so Disney! I enjoyed more than my nephew did. I took a lot of photos, watched the 3d with mickey etc. I really loved the place although it is indeed smaller than ocean park or some other theme parks I've been, however, this become memorable since it is my very first time in a disney wonderland.Maybe those people who already went to another disneyland will be disappointed but people who haven't, try this, at least you will enchanted by the world of mickeyThe fireworks are good but I've seen better (pyrolympics here in the Philippines). Ques are okay (this is maybe because it is a weekday when we went there)HOWEVER, there are no rides as scary as in the ocean park, so if you want heart pumping and adrenaline rushing rides, I suggest that you go to Ocean Park but if you have time and money to spend, go to both placesYou can go here through MTR and the disney train! I don't know how much the train ride is, but if you are going to HK use an Octopus Card to save you more money and save you the hassle in buying tickets..You can go around the HK Disneyland for 1 day, but you can do it in 5 hours.Suggestion: Go here not during summer, go here by winter, so that you will enjoy it better, since if summer (the weather is really hot, you'll just end up more tired and sweaty and you might not enjoy the place as much) If winter    it does not snow in HK so the climate is just more than 10 degrees celsius.Food here is really expensive and they check the bags if you brought some food with you. I suggest eating first a heavy meal before coming here so that at least the hunger will not drive you crazy.. If you are really hungry, there are hotdog stalls, however, it is still quite pricey. Hope this helps.
there's only 1 ride for the adults   Space Mountain ( indoor roller coaster)the rest of the rides are for kids so only if you are with your family and kids or you're young at heart, then you'll enjoy the place. but make sure to stay until 9pm for the fireworks
Hong Kong Disneyland is a fantastic place. Set on tropical Lantau Island, less than an hour from Central, against a backdrop of green mountains, HK Disney is full of the fantasy and fun of all Disney parks, just on a very small scale; at 55 acres, it is half the size of the next smallest  Disneyland . Size aside, it is still pure Disney. HK Disneyland has an Adventure Land, Fantasy Land, Tomorrow Land and Main Street and many of the essential Disney atrractions such as Space Mountain and the Jungle Cruise. Unfortunately, they totally missed the boat, and didn't build a Pirates of the Caribbean ride, which makes no sense when you consider this was planned and built during the heyday of the Johnny Depp franchise. It does have some excellent attractions that some of the other parks don't have such as Festival of the Lion King, an excellent show based on the Broadway musical. The small size of the park and lack of major rides is being rectified with a major expansion over the next 3 years that looks to be pretty amazing. The shows and most attractions are in English or English and Chinese, while one or two shows attractions, like the Golden Mickeys are just in Cantonese. All of staff speak English, Cantonese and Mandarin. Service is good and the food is decent. For a vegetarian, such as me, there are more choices than at Tokyo Disneyland, but it's be nice if they had a veggie burger. Both hotels are very good, but very expensive, even for Hong Kong. Public transportation is very convenient as it is connected to Hong Kong's MTR at Sunny Bay, where you get on a Disney themed train with Mickey shaped windows. There are also buses and a ferry port.If you have never been to another Disney park, you might feel this is one of the most amazing places, ever. However, if you have been to any other Disney park, you might be a bit disappointed by how small it is, but get over it, it's still awesome.
We went to HK Disney on a very hot day in July this year with our kids 8, 9 and 15 (all girls). It was a busy train trip to get there but all the stations are marked clearly and we arrived just as the park opened. My advice   take water, sunscreen and an umbrella. Wear very comfortable shoes as the lines are really long but the wait time is clearly marked. Absolutely the best ride we had all day was the Space Station rollercoaster   well worth the wait. The kids enjoyed Tarzan's Treehouse and best of all the Grand Parade.The souvenir stores are good value and there are carts everywhere where you can buy water. The whole park seemed to be very clean and the bathroom facilities were excellent. We bought the food vouchers at the front gate for lunch and dinner but in hindsight they were not worth it as we left before dinner.It is quite a small park but still worth the visit   set aside a whole day to see everything.
I went there with my whole family (18 people) in April. This is my 4th time there and it was still magical. We always went there only on the non peak day because the size of the park itself. We heard that during the Chinese holiday or some weekends the park was packed. As long as you go there on the non peak day, I think you will get the Magical experience as we do.
Pros: Very beautiful, the mickey mouse train is really cute, space mountain is a fun ride. Everything seems magical. During the halloween christmas they hand out certain items and celebration stuff. The staff were happy. I dont know why but everything about Disneyland is magical and has a good atmosphere. The food is greatCons: Not many older kid rides, very small, expensive.
Great experience every time. I suggest that before entering Disney u grab a copy of the map to check out their programs etc, that way you can utilize your time well. That's what we did, we made our time schedule so we may experience everything. :) Be sure to try their frozen treats because they're really yummy. Tinkerbell Illumination and Fireworks in the evening was the great topper. We loved it so much.
HK DIsneyland is quite small compared to their Western counterparts. Nevertheless, if you're looking for a 1 day family fun day, this is a great place to go. It opens at 9am till 10pm. The staff are very efficient so one doesnt have to worry about queuing in long lines. The attractions and rides are hignly enjoyable and fun especially if you have children with you, you will see the glee in some of their faces of being in Disneyland. However for some popular rides and shows it is better if you go there first and acquire the Fast pass. This would allow you to go see ride other attractions without the worry of having to line up for a long time by the time you get back to the said ride attraction. Food is so so with choices form indian, chinese to western. Must see is the Golden Mickeys and The Lion King. The actors are phenomenal. Almost worth the ticket price. For families with children, keep in mind to pack light when you go here so you can really enjoy the attractions without lugging alot of things around.
Especially if you have kids! We went to the HK Disneyland with our 2 & 1 2 year old (her first visit to any Disney attraction) and the whole experience for her was magical. She loved the parade. She couldnt believe it that she could meet Mickey & the whole clubhouse gang up close and personal. She loved the tea cup & the Dumbo ride. And she actually sat through the whole Musical without fidgeting (we were amazed!). The adults had a great time too! I had been to the Florida disneyland as well & was told prior to the visit that the HK was a smaller one. But that did not take away from the fun at all, if anything it reduced the walking distance. The restaurants were quite good too, with a decent kids menu. Stay for the fireworks before closing time, its spectaculor. So all in all it was a great day out!
One of the most magical days ever!! Not a bad second to the American Disney Land. The rides, live shows and entertainment are really spectacular!! The fireworks were out of this world and you haven't seen fireworks until you have seen Disneyland fireworks!! A great day out!!
The park has significantly shorter lines than the other Disney theme parks such as Tokyo Disneyland (where the lines can be 90 minutes long)    so much so that you do not even need to get a Priority Pass. However, the park is also much smaller so you have little else to do by early evening except catch the parade. It's generally nice and I have no real complaints, I just wanted a bit more to do after I had already ridden all the adult rides and then some kiddie ones for fun~
I've been to Hong Kong Disneyland twice. Once with my cousin, and once with my husband. I still enjoyed it both times. HK Disneyland is really just a much smaller scale Disneyland. And when visiting HK, Disneyland is not one of the things that attracts you most. But it's a wonderful substitute if you're feeling a little far away from home. And you can clear it in MUCH less time that the real Disneyland so you can still go on to do other things throughout your day.If you're a Disney fan, I definitely recommend going. I love that they have their own MTR with Disney characters placed around the trains.
After having visited EuroDisney, I had some high expectations for the park.....the park itself is pretty good but I think caters for the the young kids...teenagers will find it boring as apart from space mountain there is really nothing else......the parade was a letdown...not many Disney characters....the lion king show was superb and made our day....food was also another problem....tried the fried chicken and chips and it was awful......it's also pretty small and you could if you wanted do everything in a single day but 2 days would give you some breathing space.....overall....eurodisney was way better and definitely more value for money.....
Prolly i went at the wrong time but this disneyland is wayyyy too hot and majority of the crowd wasn't too friendly with their incessant pushing and shoving. Generally find it too plain as well and wasn't too impressed versus other disneylands like the one in torcy, france or in japan.Just my 2 cents worth
its a disneyland need i say more ! the fireworks are not to be missed at night ! i think they do it every night !
Disneyland in Hongkong is a wonderful place to visit with family.Attraction includes the parade having all the disney latest character participate in a parade and one can meet and greet them. Also there are shows like lion king, mickey mouse 3D show,mickey golden globe award and many chances to meet and take pictures with your favourite cartoon characters. A ride upstream in a boat in tomorrow land is recommended.Do carry eatables and water for the family as things out there are pretty expensive.The whole area can be covered in a day , but 2 days would be pleasant if possible.
I know... I know... I get it... We are Americans who were raised on Mickey and Minnie and all things Disney. So I doubt that any other World wide Disney sites will ever hold the same allure as Orlando or Anaheim.The park in Hong Kong is located on Lantau Island. The best part of the whole experience was getting there on the Metro. The train cars were in the shape of Mickey ears and the seats were very plush.The park is much smaller than our Disney Land World. The rides were comparable and there was very little wait for any of the rides. We did Buzz Lightyear, Jungle Ride, Space Mountain, and Small World. We only stayed for about an hour and a half and in that time we pretty much exhausted everything that we wanted to do.Sadly, the children at the park did not seem to be as  lit up  over the whole experience as they are in other parks. For us, watching the faces of the children is one of the best parts. (Maybe we should blame this on overexposure and the internet).
If you haven't been to any Disneyland, you will surely enjoy your day. But because I have been to Tokyo Disneyland, HK Disneyland is not that big as compared to Tokyo's. but I recommend to spend at least a day until the fireworks display at night. If you are fond of rides, you will enoy being there.^^. I still do recommend this place especially for kids.
Easily accessible via MTR from the city. Interesting attractions, kids would love it here! Recommended to spend entire day here. There is a fireworks show around 8pm...don't miss this. In the summer months, the weather can be hot but all indoor attractions are air conditioned. Good facilities like washroom and restaurants. Food and drinks are a bit pricey. But overall, it's an incredible theme park worth visiting if you're first visiting HK, especially when there are kids! Value for money too.
If you are over 10 you willbe ready to leave the park in no more than 3hrs. Park is designed for the JR kids only.
Travelling to Hong Kong with the family   go to Disneyland   we had a ball there spent 7 hours non stop fun.  People working there were very friendly   the place was nice and clean.
After visiting the original Disney parks in the US and even Euro Disney in France, the HK version is a bit of a let down. The park is really small and has only one real exciting ride, Space Mountain. The rest is mainly food outlets and artificial 'sightseeing' rides. The staff is really rude and does not hesitate to grab you quite violently when you walk in the wrong way. Spending one day at this park, which only opens at 10am, is more than enough. This will also help travelers to avoid the overpriced Disney hotels and stay in downtown Hong Kong where much more exciting things are to be done.
Regardless how many times I visited Disneyland, it never gets old. :)I first visited Hong Kong Disneyland when it opened its doors 5 years ago. Although I went alone that time, I still remember having lots of fun. After all, Hong Kong Disneyland is the closest one to Malaysia, and there's just something magical and fantasy like about Disneyland that keeps luring people back.Hong Kong Disneyland isn't too big nor too small. It is the perfect size to explore on foot and the entire park can be done in one day, but ideally two days. Staying at one of the theme park resort hotels overnight is highly recommended to get the full Disney experience.Flights of Fantasy Parade is a must see! It is Hong Kong Disneyland's special 5th Anniversary parade and no other Disney theme parks around the whole have it. All the popular Disney characters are out in their marching band uniforms!Navigating Hong Kong Disneyland is easy.As with all other Disneylands throughout the world, the park entrance takes us to Main Street U.S.A. It is where we watched the Parade in the morning, the fireworks at night and also where all the shops are located. From there, it branches off into the three smaller themed lands.Fantasyland   where rides like the Mad Hatter Tea Cups and Cinderella Carousel are so slow and gentle they are suitable for those who do not come to Disneyland for an adrenaline induced heart attack.Adventureland   modelled after the lush remote jungles of Asia. As a resident of Borneo, this feels like home to me.Better not let Taib come here, later he chop the trees and build palm oil plantation all over the place.Tomorrowland   a futuristic land where some of the most exhilarating theme park rides can be found!I'm gonna try to summarize my favourite Hong Kong Disneyland attractions here.it's a small world   It's a ride around the world on a boat. Most importantly, it is inside an air conditioned building which makes it perfect on a hot day like this! Along the way, hundreds of brightly costumed robot dolls in different cultural costumes of the world sings  it's a small world  in their native languages. The Golden Mickeys   It's a sing and dance stage performance show, exclusive only to Hong Kong Disneyland. There are awards up for grabs like  Best Hero  or  Best Romance . Just like in actual award shows, a small snippet of the nominees in each of the well known Disney movies are shown. Unlike in actual award shows, no winners are actually announced in the end! I remember watching the same show 5 years ago. It still is just as entertaining!The Many Adventures of Winnie The Pooh   Very similar to it's a small world except it's a ride through the Hundred Acre Woods. Judging by the queues outside, small kids seem to love this place to bits although I personally find nothing earth shattering about it.Festival of the Lion King   Definitely not to be missed! It's a musical that uses songs from the movie, dance and special effects to re create an African savannah animated with lions, elephants and giraffes. Tarzan's Treehouse   We took a raft across the river to explore this attraction while waiting for The Lion King show to start. The walk through the Treehouse tells the story of Tarzan and Jane. For me, the tree is worth climbing up only for the view.Stich Encounter   By far the most hilarious show in Disneyland! When we read the description saying  no two shows are alike , I wondered how they were gonna accomplish it. Stitch appears on screen to actually talk and interact with the audience in real time   complete with facial expressions and animation! The show would have been bland if it weren't for Stitch's mischievous smart alec responses.Space Mountain   The ultimate thrill seekers ride of choice. It's a high speed space themed roller coaster ride, set completely indoors with hard hitting music as soundtrack. Apparently, it was so scary they had to put this warning notice outside. Personally, I have sat through scarier rides, so this was a walk in the park for me.Disney in the Stars Fireworks   No matter how many times I watched this, I feel like a wide eyed little boy everytime I watch the fireworks in Disneyland. Something about the sheer magic of colourful lights exploding over the skies set to the soundtrack of Disney movies never fail to send my heartstrings tugging. I want to go back to Disneyland again.I guess Disneyland does that to you   it makes everyone feel like a kid, living in a place where fairy tales and dreams come true.
Visiting Hong Kong Disneyland for the first time made me think of what Disneyland must of looked like in 1955 before the Neon Jungle of hotels surrounded it in Anaheim. The complex is out all by itself near Hong Kong. The park is in it's fifth year but still has trees as the primary background behind the castle. This is a park that could be seen in one day as long as that day is Monday   Thurday. Weekends are insane and not worth the trouble. Cost is not bad at can be found for less than other Disney parks.Plan to be there when the park opens. It will allow you to see more of the park even earlier in the day. Don't forget your umbrella, it will rain on you at some point during the day.
Before I went to Disneyland Hong Kong, everyone  especially people from Hong Kong, told me not to go it was a waste and given I had already been to the one in Anaheim was told it wouldn't compare.HOWEVER! I did the disneyland character breakfast in the morning, after catching the disney train from Hong Kong CBD, breakfast was amazing as always at Disneyland hotels and a DEFINITE must if you have children!Reports are correct that the HK Disneyland is smaller, but you don't notice that when you are there, food and drinks are cheap in comparison to most themeparks and the rides are awesome! Just like the USA version, fireworks are also just as great! You really wouldn't know the difference!Because it is smaller there are smaller queues for rides etc so that's a definite positive!Sooo glad I went it was a MAGICAL day! :) :) :)
This trip was my second trip to HK Disney after about 8 trips to Paris Disney and a trip planned for DIsney World in several months. It was my 19th Birthday and I went with my Mum, we both love the Disney branding and experience. However this trip, I feel, it was not worth the hour's travel each way. Walking down Main Street, we specifically asked for the best restaurant with Western food. We were directed to the Corner Cafe. It was a zoo. Not only were the table separated by a mere 5 cm, but the noise and chaos was distracting for us and the staff who were run off their feet. I chose the sampler basket and my mum had the same. IT WAS INEDIBLE. Barely half way through it we decided to stop, the greasy ness and quality of the food was awful and nauseating. Still hungry, I ate a Mickey Waffle which was yummy, but expensive while Mum went to the Bakery (also on Main Street) and bought a chicken and mushroom pie. However, when she ate it, she discovered the pastry was sweet, while the filling was savoury and so again, she was unable to eat the food.The office gave me a badge that said it was my birthday, and so every time I turned around, staff wished me a happy birthday (even though it was weird that I was clearly not a small child) which was lovely. The parade was an experience I would not wish upon anyone. Getting a good spot on the edge of the walkway Mum and I had to fight for our position, were hit in the head by umbrellas (it was hot) and regularly pushed. It was not pleasant and even though there were many staff and security along main street, no one did anything about it. It was quite upsetting. For those who have experienced the joy of Disneyland elsewhere I would not advise going to Hong Kong, it was a disappointment, however I am sure that DisneyWorld will be amazing.
We read several of the reviews that you could complete the entire park in 1 day. We tried but were 4 rides short. The shows are definitely things to see. The Golden Mickey show was great. The Lion King shows was good. Different than Animal Kindgom show. Lines were not too bad. Typically long was at the car and jungle cruise. Taking mass transit there was very easy. I would agree with many of the reviews that the magic you feel in Orlando isn't the same. My kids celebrated their birthdays this week so they got the pins at the park. The characters were great but everyone else was ok. For example Mikey and Minnie sang Happy birtthday to my kids. That was great.
Went in July with a young family, we were worried about queues and even though it was popular, the lines moved relatively quickly. It is eceything a Disneyland should be   clean, smiles, fun rides and pram friendly pavements. Highly recommended for a great family day out and with the park closing at 9pm, you can catchall those busy rides later in the night.Tip: some pre planning with the Fastpass will help get you to the front of the lines and don't miss the Lion King Show!
We have a 3 and 1 year old children and brought them to the park on one of the hottest days imaginable. Regardless, we still had a great time. The park is tiny compared to Anaheim or Florida, but sufficient for young kids. I would think that older kids and teenagers will get bored really fast as the only roller coaster type ride is Space Mountain. Everything else is geared for 8 years or even younger. If you go on a hot day, be sure to bring a sun umbrella as there are not so many shady places. Though all the waiting lines are covered, the parade area is not and so the umbrella really helps. We brought wash cloths and wetted them in sinks and drinking fountains to wipe our faces necks in order to stay cool. A fan would also have been a great help. Hint: for the jungle cruise, there are 3 lines based on language. They say the wait is the same for each line, but, we noticed that the English line moved faster than the Mandarin and Cantonese lines. The sign said that the wait was 30 minutes, but we timed our wait to only 11 minutes. It's still very Asian in the sense that the ride operators have to remind people not to cut in line and you may see the occasional young child using the bushes grass as their bathroom, however, it's obvious they are doing the best they can at Disney. Cast members are all polite and friendly.
The Disneyland is nice but much smaller than either of its two US counterparts that we had been to. You can pretty much finish up everything in a single day. The queues werent as bad as in the US. When we visited Disney in Florida, the kids truly felt that it was the friendliest place on Earth. The one in Hong Kong didnt really seem to have that ambience   not that we had any trouble or that the service was bad   it was just one of those feelings you take back with you.We were pleasantly surprised to see one of the restaurants serving Indian vegetarian cuisine. Vegeterian cuisine is not easy to come by in much of South East Asia and we were happy to get a full lunch during the day.The train connections into Disney are pretty good   plan on around 40 min or so from the Tsim Sha Tsui area. There was a massively long queue for tickets at the entrance and we were glad our hotel (Holiday Inn) sold us tickets and saved us at least 45 min of time.Overall   a pleasant and nice visit.
Been to Disneyland in the states, and tokyo for so many times and even to universal studios in the states andsingapore.To compare with these places, admit that the place is rather smaller in size but the fun is still the same ! :) Worth every penny u pay for HK disneyland, and i personally think its easier to get a picture with the disney cartoon icon here to be compared with the other disneyland as they have a special garden that have 4 roof venue at a special garden that has a special session to grab a pictures wt your fav disney cartoon icon.. :)The rides is not as challenging as the other disneyland.. the most important thing is just have fun..and for muslim travellers, since there is no halal food here, i personally recommend u bring your own food .
Give it a miss. A second day at ocean park holds more appeal. And costs half as much
Meeting Disney Character is like a dream come true! Me went from 12 pm to the closing, it has so many things to offer, and I won't ever forget the beautiful fireworks.Of course it's not really an adventure for adrenaline, but it sure is fun. Really really fun!I'm looking forward to come back.
the disneyland in hongkong is certainly an abridged version of the original. and this i know having scanned the web and seen pics of friends who've visited it. However, it is a must visit if you are in Hongkong. the place is accessible even by MTR and buzzing with families.the shopping there is expensive but a piece of Disney never came cheap! So eat your heart out shopping for goodies of your fav Disney characters. There arent many food options though and a cafe on the main US street is by far the best and most popular. Here you will get some yummy mickey dessertsthe parade starts at 330 and you will know this by watching the crowd assemble along the curb. So yeah you needn't time yourself.there are some firework displays that happen in the night and are supposed to be spectacular, but when we visited it was pouring and hence this was called off.there are a few rides as well but we chose to skip it to sift through the stores.you can get upto 3 priority passes for rides which means that you can skip queues. this is a good option and should be exercised as soon as you enter the park.
Went with the whole family for a short trip to HK, and would never miss a stop to Disneyland. The day was blazing hot and the line to Mickey and Minnie's meet and greet was a bit long   but that didn't stop us from standing in line for a couple of pictures. :DThe parade was wonderful   went with my parents, two teenagers and two children at heart   and everybody enjoyed the parade. This is every child's dream.Never miss The Golden Mickeys   I suggest to go to the theatre at least half an hour before the show starts as there will be loads of people queueing up. Nonetheless, the show was great and all woth it!Top the day off with the castle illumination and fireworks show   truly magical. The castle was a bit small but it doesn't matter, we had lots of fun.
We heard a lot of bad things about Hong Kong Disneyland and it was not on top of our list but the opportunity came along and we decided to spend our daughters 6th Birthday there.Everything negative that I had heard about HK Disney was wrong. Yes the park was small by Disney standards but to tell you the truth it was ideal for us. A six year old is too big for a stroller but not big enough to walk a lot. We took the two day pass since we were staying at the nearby Hollywood Hotel that offered guests this special deal. One day on the weekend and one day a weekday. The shuttle from the hotel tot he park was fast and clean. No waiting. We also bought our tickets at the hotle so that saved us queueing time again. We got into the park early and it was as magical as always. The crowds were there but you could hardly notice. There was even meal coupons on sale that gave a small discount on food.When we got there we got a birthday pin for my daughter and she was treated like a VIP all the time we were there. All the staff would wish her Happy Birthday and give her all kinds of Disney stickers. She had stacks of them in the end. The queue to take apicture with Mickey was very long though and it was hard to wait with a little kid. Wish there was a better was but everyone (young and old) wants a picture with Mickey so there was no way around it. Good thing there was some seats around for the kids to use.The rides were all very safe and fun. We kept going over and over again on the second day since it was not a weekend. Space Mountain was as exilirating as before. Blasting the Zergs from Toy Story's Buzz Lightyear ride was fun. The future car rides were a little long to get to and the cars were a little slow and my daughter did complain about that but safety first I suppose. I'm not sure if kids, especially boys, who are in their pre teens would enjoy most of the park but with all the attractions and the shows like the Lion King, they would certainly be busy. Maybe it needs a few more rides or a little expansion like the proposed Tow Story Land.In the end we found that 2 days was almost sufficient although we would have loved to be there another day just so that we could enjoy some of the rides over and over. One day would be rushing it and you would miss some attractions. Afterall it's Disney and it you're going all the way there at least spend a couple of days to enjoy the moment.There were als a lot of Disney Princesses around for the girls to have photo OPs as well as Princess packages to make you r daughters feel special if they like to dress up. My daughter prefers not to so we didn't do that and I can't comment more on it.The fireworks display was execllent and the parade was great. They even asked some kids to participate and that was good. Food was reasonable, tasty and ahd enough variety to keep us going. The toilets were clean even when crowded and the park was really very clean. No queue jumping either.We're thinking very seriously going again next year!!
We got there at 10.30am so fortunately there was no line to buy tickets or to get in. We went on nearly all the rides although some took 15 min of waiting,except for one where you get to ride a car on a track in futureland where we waited for nearly 2 hours for a 2 min ride which was uninteresting and boring :( The park is cute although much smaller than all the other ones in the USA or Paris. The food was ok but the merchandise they sold was so expensive! Half a day is enough to visit all the park.The best shows are:Golden Mickeys (kind of like pretend Oscars)Mickey's Philharmagic (3D)
For all those who cannot afford Disneyland USA, this is a must. You have the option of staying at Disneyland or you could go there for the day. We went there in the morning and were there till 10:00pm in the night. Many rides for kids, but lines get long as the day progresses, advisable to go on week days. It was great fun posing with all the Disney characters. There are plenty of Shows right through the day. It is recommended you do your homework a day before you get there. It is important to check the Maps Show Timings prior to your visit. Being the 5th Anniversary, we enjoyed the spectacular Firework display in the night. Great way to get there is by the MTR. Great overall experience!
Hong Kong Disneyland was a huge surprise to me. A surprise in I didn   t think I personally would enjoy it as much as I did. I knew the kids would love it, but not being really a theme park type of girl, I thought I would just enjoy watching the kids have such a ball. Well I did love watching the kids have the time of their lives, but I also enjoyed it for myself!The reason I enjoyed it so much I think, is because Hong Kong Disneyland is much more than a theme park. There are plenty of rides for the kids to enjoy, but there are so many other fabulous attractions     shows, parades, experiences. 2011 is the 5th Anniversary of Disneyland Hong Kong and to mark the occasion there is the year long    Celebration in the Air    which has some very special attractions.The Flights of Fantasy Parade is new this year, forming part of 5th Anniversary celebrations. It was so good we watched it both days we went! The characters, the colour, the music, the positive energy that flows from the parade makes it so much fun to watch.You can see a full review of our fab family holiday on my blog http:  planningwithkids.com 2011 06 20 hong kong disneyland 5th anniversary celebration
Disney lovers should visit Hong Kong Disneyland! Do not go there with expectations that you would encounter rides like those in the States. It is definitely much smaller but nevertheless you get to sit on rides and view stellar performances. Do your research before going! Take note of the timings of the various performances to ensure that you cover everything in one day. One day is enough! Here are the not to be missed performances:1. Golden Mickeys: Spectacular musical by the iconic Disney characters!2. Mickey's Philharmagic: Join Donald Duck on his adventure! A 3D performance that you should not miss! Sit at the front few rows to experience the best effects!3. It's a small world: Girls, you would love this magical boat journey ride! I love it!4. Many adventures of Winnie the Pooh: Interesting experience! Will not spoil it for you! So try it out!5. Space mountain: A ride that is more thrilling that then rest. Take the fast pass for this one!6. Stitch encounter: Hilarious show that you should experience! I went in with little expectations but was pleasantly surprised!7. Disney Fireworks! At 8pm, the fireworks display nicely wrapped up my one day Disney experience. Do not leave Disneyland without viewing the fireworks display!All in all, do visit HK Disneyland! Just remember to plan your one day trip wisely and you will definitely have a fun filled day! :)
Our family went to disneyland in october 2010. Some of the rides were not that great, but the spirit and magic of this park is wonderful.
It was mandatory that we go to Disneyland as my 3 year old daughter is a Disney fan. It was a very good experience for her to see the 3D show, pose with Tink, ride Dumbo, etc. My daughter loved it so much and she talked about Disneyland for a long time.It was a different story for my 7 year old nephew who has been to Disneyland twice before. Given a choice, he wouldn't have joined us. There was nothing new to offer to him anymore. The other adults who had been to Disneyland felt the same way. They were just so happy to witness my 3 year old revel at the theme park. It didn't help that it was a very hot April day and the rides were very long when we went Disneyland.
As my title says, it is  Disappointing from an Adults Point of View.  It is a small park and although only being open a short time since 2005, the park looks old and run down.Queuing is a normal part of any theme parks, but queuing to get in, was in complete disarray; lines going left,right and centre and people jumping in all over the place. The  line co ordinator  had no idea what was going on or how to manage the queue other than to just stand there totally clueless and trying to look pretty. Not a great start before you even get into the park.The food facilities are disappointing in the choice of food available. Typical bland looking fried fast food. We chose not to eat before leaving. Why cant these places offer healthy choices of food? It is not that hard, and no more expensive to prepare. I would suggest taking your own food. Toilet facilities were utterly filthy and unkept. Merchandise was overpriced for the value it represented.There was little entertainment seen wandering around the park, throughout the day,which again was disappointing.The only ride I would regard as a reasonable adult thrill was of course Space Mountain. Very mild in terms of a teenagers or adult ride, but the only one in the park you would consider worthwhile.On a positive; the grounds and gardens are immaculately kept. If you have small children, say 3 to 8 years of age, they will enjoy the day and the experience. My 10 year old was thoroughly bored and was not interested in the park at all.We left early in the afternoon after 4 hours of ambling boredom. I would not go back and I would urge anyone with older children to consider whether they would go or not.
I know this isn't a big Disneyland or the most amazing Disneyland but as first timers we loved it. We stayed at one of the hotels onsite for 2 nights, which was such a good idea as we could take tired kids back for a rest.The Disneyland has 4 sections and yes it can be done in one day, but we hate rushing. Day 1 we did everything we could manage, then came back to the hotel for a rest, then back again for the fireworks. Day 2 we got there on the dot of 10am and ran for the rides we had missed the day before as they had long lines. We did everything we hadn't done, and re did loads of things too. Back to the hotel again, then back for fireworks.The rides are not scary, and are really quite tame but it was the Disney magic feel that ended up being more important. The park was not very crowded and January is a PERFECT time to go. I advise going on a weekday as well. The food is quite cheap, everything is clean, the kids had photos with lots of characters.Any negatives no I don't think so. It's exhausting though.We did lose our 7 year old and that was not much fun, but found her after an agonising search  at night! .Overall 5*  but remember it's not a big Disney
This is a great place for both adults and kids.. full of fun and excitement. a portal of entertainment for kids while the adults can relive their childhood. I relived mine when i visited it, amazed by the various technicalities behind the motion picture, see life size cartoon characters, various stage events. They also have a very beautifully made Disney train which takes you from Sunny Bay to the disney resort. If you plan to visit it and decide to spend the entire day in Disneyland then don't get the Disney rail pass as they are not economical.
we really enjoyed our day at disneyland my daughter turned 15 years on the day we went meet most of the characters plenty of pictures and we decided to buy a large photo album and she also got a free present rides were okey and not bad quies and we stayed for the fireworks display around 8 pm we took taxi from our hotel in wang chi for $300 hk dollar and took the train back just as quick
we're from Singapore.. my son, Zulqairil and I plan to go HK Disneyland.. We were excited and keep refering to internet pic.. OMG!!.. When we were there, it was a blast.. It was really a place for kids, and ppl like me too.. Hollywod Hotel is beautiful, and the staff is very friendly.. All I can about my trip, IT MAKES ME FEELS LIKE A KID AGAIN.. And I will be back.. Thanks HK DIsneyland.
Disneyland is a must visit for families vising Hong Kong. Kids will love it. The rides, themes are fantastic. A must ride is the train and boat ride. The lion show, the parade and the night lighting and firworks are a definite watch. The Indian restaurant inside serves good food.
We took the MTR to reach Disneyland. Its the cheapest way to reach Disneyland. However, the MTR is crowded from Sunny Bay and you get sense of the rush   crowd that one would experience at DisneyLand. Getting the tickets was also a long wait. However, once you are in, you start liking the place. We went straight to fantasy land with the kids. It was enjoyable with several rides for the kids. Highlight was Winnie the pooh (less wait due to fast pass), Mickeys Phillar magic 4D show. Then we went to adventureland. The tarzan treehouse was disappointing. But enjoyed the jungle river cruise. The best attraction was liki tiki's   it was splashing   sprinkling water   which provided much respite from the heat during the day. We missed the Lion King show twice so cannot comment. Off we went to see the parade at 4pm. This was very good and kids loved it. This was followed by visit to tomorrowland. The highligh here was astro blasters. This place had one ride for adults   space mountain. Great thriller. Overall, a decent experience. Much has already been said about it being small compared to other disneyland so no need to speak more about it. Kids would probably want to go again so will post more about that soon
Getting to Disneyland from HK was easy just a train ride Fromm ETST station change at Lai King and then at sunny bay for the disney express. We had a fun day exploring the park and riding to roller coster and other rides. The food and drinks prices were reasonable for park prices and all gifts and toy were not badly priced. We are are couple of old theme park junkies in our early 50's and loving it. Do it you;ll love the day out and you may even get to meet the characters Mickey and Minnie great for the Kids...
We have been to Disney World in Orlando several times. We weren't going to go to Disneyland in Hong Kong because the travel books we bought did not rate it very high. We were only going to go to Ocean Park, but we had a day that we didn't have anything planned and the subway was very easy to use and it takes you directly to Disneyland so we decided to go and glad we did. The were no long waits for rides. Some you could just walk in and ride. It was easy to get from one side to the other since it is not as big as Disney World and the lines to see the characters were not as long. We had such a great time it was one of the highlights of our trip. We enjoyed it better than Ocean Park.
A nicely tucked away place   not visible from even the gate, but the minute you enter inside Voila!!!  A  city by itself. Fantastic architecture, perfectly constructed and well demarcated areas . Surprising rides and fantasy stories   One can never imagine to see these...More
We went there under impression that it will be similar to Universal Studios in singapore . But the rides are for infants and this park has nothing in store for adults seeking thrilling experience .  In particular we liked the 3D animated show . Rest...More
I Visited this place with my wife and two year old daughter.It was like dream comes true.I guess everyone should visit Disneyland once.The rides are such even my infant enjoyed them.Must not miss the 4d mickey show and Wet parade.U will get wet and its...More
We went with our 2and half year daughter.   1)There are loads of attractions and shows which kids even this age will enjoy.  2)The park is not too big can be completed in a single day.  3)The shows are amazing check the timings and dont miss...More
Sorry to say but HK Disneyland was a disappointment.  So small, with hardly 3 Zones, Frontier Land, Tomorrow Land, and the kiddie one.  Even the train around the park has two stops.    I have been to Euro Disney twice which is much better.   As a...More
Had some good and bad time at Hong Kong Disneyland. Agreed with all other reviewers that HK Disneyland was smaller and less attraction as compared with the ones in US. The downside, very long queues and worst some visitors cut queues on many occasion and...More
We arrived at 9.30am and were not able to check in at Hollywood Hotel as check in time is only after 3pm. So we left our bags at the reception and proceeded to the park. Even theough the park isnt big it still requires a...More
Although it is smaller than Disneyland Universal, It is rather suitable with your children at weekends. They can see all characters of Disney in the park, play many games and take photos with Donal, Mickey,....  My children were really happy when we took them to...More
This place is very small compared to other Disneyland and Universal Studio in the world.  If you want to tour only adults and not not arcades, you need only one full day if you arrive at earliest opening hour. I have skipped the small kids...More
Hi All,   Well went to Hong Kong Disneyland with the family with great dread praying it was going to be over quick.. Well was I in for a surprise after spending over 10 hours there it was one of the best family days we have...More
We arrived in Hong Kong very early in the morning (after pretty much no sleep on the 9 hour flight over) & headed to beautiful Lantau Island to check into our Disneyland accommodation.  Being stationed at Disney   s Hollywood Hotel meant that we could catch the...More
We arrived in Hong Kong at the end of a 3 week vacation around the pacific, and went to Disneyland mostly so we could say that we had been there, having previously visited both Disney parks in the US.  We had read that it is small...More
I took my younger daughter who is 4 years old. She was spellbound, overawed and LOVED it. She is a big Cinderella, Snow White & Sleeping Beauty fan and their interaction with her was full of warmth and affection.  In comparison to Euro Disney (where...More
We visited Disneyland on April 13th, 2011. It's not as large as the one in the US or in Paris but it's still a lot of fun. Even though we went as a couple, I feel that we would definitely go again once we have...More
Hong Kong Disneyland is probably not as massive as the other disneylands, but its the one which can be easily done in a day. Most of the rides are quite thrilling and definitely live upto your expectations. Moreover, the kids will definitely have a gala...More
TODAY I WANT TO TALK ABOUT HONG KONG DISNEYLAND! IN CAPSLOCK?   No, that   s just the excited intro. Hello.   It was few weeks ago, during the ending of winter. Best seasons to visit : Winter & Spring, because trust me, you will do endless walking and...More
I was REALLY excited to go to HK Disneyland as it would be my first Disney Experience. However, all I ended up with was disappointment.  The bad:  * Lack of rides   as stated by previous members, there is really only 1 good ride for...More
I was so looking forward to going here but was very disappointed.  I felt that all that was there were restaurants and shops.  There were a few rides for children but not a lot of interactive things to do.  Please note that the main show...More
Disneyland is easy to get to via MTR.  The Disneyland Resort line was a short ride but fun with the Mickey Mouse windows and models of characters in the carriages.  Having only been to Disneyland in Anaheim when I was a child many years ago,...More
I've been to Hong Kong numerous times but this time boyfriend and i are gonna stay in Disneyland Hotel. Weepeeeeeee~ ^.^ He's been to Disneyland all around the world but have never stayed in any of the Disneyland hotels. So this is gonna be SPECIAL...More
Family come to visit HK and the one place on the list was Disneyland.. lucky for us, we went during the week which is probably the best advice i can give. It is small, but after all, HK has a space issue so it is what it is and was never going to be as big or as great as Euro Disney or the US. March was the perfect time to go, very little crowds which meant no queues. They are still expanding which will be good to see what they come up with once it is completed. By far the highlight of the day was the Disney Globes, or the Mickey Globes, I cannot recall what they are called. The dancers, the entertainers   amazing talent and well worth putting this in your schedule. All in all... I would go back again!
We took MTR from Dorsett Seaview Hotel to Disneyland. it was quite an easy and relaxing journey and by just following the MTR instruction.From Sunny Bay, we transferred to Disney line. The special designed cutie Disney MTR train was a great experience for us. We managed to capture with few Disney   s cartoon in Fantasyland which included Mickey, Minnie, Winnie the pooh, Pluto, Goofy, Cinderella. However, we were rather disappointed with the cancellation of Flight fantasy parade although it was just drizzling. Mickey gold theater and another 4D movie was a great experience for us too...Such a happy and memorable trip for us!
Disneyland Hong Kong really impressed me and my wife, we went during march, and at times it was a bit chilly. Considering we didn't have a child with us, we were worried we wouldn't have enjoyed the theme park as much as we could have. but that was not a problem, we let loose and had an amazing time!!We visted Adventureland first, and found it to be almost lacking in attractions, one of the shows was closed for renovations, so that left Tarzan's Jungle and the River boat, we didn't think we'd enjoy the tarzan attraction so we skipped it. Instead we went to the Riverboat, and queued up for the english speaking line, the guide was hard to understand, as she was speaking very fast, but it was fun nonetheless! Then we visited Fantasyland, we rode the winnie the pooh story ride which was over fast, we waited in line for about 25 mins, and the ride was over in less than 5! then we went to the  it's a small world  attraction, and had fun there, it was fun attempting to find the where the Philippines was represented. after leaving we found people running from all sorts of areas, so naturally we ran too, only to find that the parade was ongoing! we caught the backend of it, and it was difficult to really enjoy because of so many people already viewing it. Then we followed the masses to  the Golden Mickeys  which is a play of sorts, where Disney characters are represented by costumes, and sing some of Disney's most popular songs. It was quite entertaining, and we had fun singing along.After that we ate at the Cafe on Main Street USA, we had the Japanese and Korean Style Ramen. I was really impressed with the flavor of the Korean one, i still won't shut up about how good it was. For dessert we ordered the Mickey Mouse Pancakes, with Creme and Strawberries! Man, it was good.. Crunchy, sweet, fresh. it's a must try!Somehow two adults managed to enjoy Disneyland enough that we stayed until the park was closing, we got to enjoy the fireworks, only it was at 8 PM, not 9 PM that is states in the remarks on this website. as we exited, we decided to wait on a park Bench, until the masses were gone. It only took about 15 minutes for the masses to disapate. After that, leaving was easy, and safe. No pushing, no jostling for postions, no scary, overcrowded MTRs.We didn't feel this park was  small  as everyone says, just take your time, go on a few rides more than once, eat dinner, eat a snack. and you'll be more than happy with the size.
A small yet impressive Disneyland that makes the family happy! Atmosphere was great, do not miss the parade as well as the fireworks! Certainly will brighten up your day! Rides were generally fine, queues were fast, need not wait too long. There were also plenty options of food. Shops selling Disney things were generally having a fixed price. Though you might stumbled upon a bundled discount for certain items at certain shops. Saw two Disney soft toys for HKD100.. For certain designs. Quite a great deal.. Considering mostly are sold at HKD120 each.
Were do i start unlike the two reviews after this one we had no bad experiances maybe it had to do with the times you were there.We went twice a week apart from each trip.The first time was to celebrate my daughters 4th Birthday she had the best day she had a specail birthday bagde on so all the staff made her feel very special indeed.Both my daughters loved interacting with the charactors my 21 month old was so very excited you couldn't hold her back. They didn't rush you when you were getting your photo taken either we had time to get their autograph books signed.After the park on her birthday we went to the Enchanted Garden Resturant for her dinner but i will put up a review there for that one.The second day we went we had to go back because we missed the disney princess's but we were all happy to spend another day there as we also missed the parade and fireworks the first time. So we made sure we seen them the second time.The Kids had the best time and we had the best time seeing their faces and their reactions to things it was well worth the two visits.
Hong Kong Disneyland is horrifying. We went there for the Chinese New Year weekend and the place was full of the most disgusting, crude, rude, and pushy guests. This is true for any attraction. There is no  line , just a wave of people shoving forward. We went all the way from the US to see this place. Don't waste your time and money.Some behavior:  Dozens of people doing their laundry on Main Street USA. These were adults washing their own things in buckets, using strollers to line dry.  Open Public Urination of grown men outside.  Sexual assault and groping of other folks in line.  Grown adults pushing toddlers over to get to the carousel.  Check out the photo. It is worth a thousand words. (Man squatting on child's stroller, while picking his nose, in red bow mouse hat.)  Pushy, Shoving, and Crowding in line  A man threw up some phlegm to his mouth, spit, and hit a food cart.  Parents telling their children to crowd in line so that they could join them.  Guests in their 20's, 30's, and 40's pushing elderly people over.The positive things are that the Maxim's restaurant was delicious. The public transportation has a Mickey Mouse train, which is very cute. They have a nice parade. However with such a poor line layout and no security staff enforcing civility, I don't see how things could improve.The best way to describe this is that my kid was horrified. She cried when we said we could go to Disneyland again. I now think of Hong Kong Disneyland as a way to traumatize children.
If you want to go to the most small Disneyland you need to go to Hong Kong. Few years ago i go with my daughter to Paris and in november 2010 to Hong Kong. It's really like the attraction in Disney It's a small world. ............... It's in my opiniun not a real Disneyland.
Was there during the Christmas holidays. The entire trip was marred with sickening service and bad experiences. Was staying in TST for 4 nights before moving to the Disney Hollywood hotel. The hotel was okay. Something between a budget and boutique hotel. what saddens me is the theme park itself. The is no magic even to my kids. The staff there are mostly sulking (maybe because they need to be working over the holidays). Responses are mainly read from a script, sounding like a broken monotonous record. There were 2 highlights that I wish I would forget.....Rented a stroller for my little one. Was served by a frowning staff, handed over a HKD$1000 note but was given the wrong change (HKD$500 less) asked her and was given a good screaming!! she then cursed in cantonese and insisted that there is no HKD$1000 note with her and that I am stupid to have given a HKD$500 note. Highlight number 2 was when we were queuing for the 3D show when a bunch of Indian nationals cut to the front of the queue. Informed the staff and they adamantly inform that there is no queue regulations and continued to chat among themselves. The queue cutters then retorted that they are blue blooded and that is their rights to be in the front of the queue. The staff then grinned and nodded and continue their small talk among themselves.Worst nightmare ever....never ever go there.....better stick to Tokyo or US.
We visited HK Disneyland in the first week of Nov 2010. This seemed to be a great time to go   the weather was perfect, beautiful & sunny without being too hot or humid, and it wasn't crowded. We only had to wait for two rides the whole day (Dumbo & Safari boat ride) and those waits were only about 10 15 mins. The rest of the rides, even the most popular ones had no queues. We did the Buzz blaster ride 3 times in a row going straight from the exit back to the entrance!The park is expanding with construction for another 'world' starting but it was already the perfect size for our family of 4 kids (age 7 & under) both in size and terrain   it was nice & flat so walking around and using the stroller was easy. We got to go on all of the rides as well as look through a few shops & stop for lunch. Tip: If you need to buy lunch make sure you check out the times the food court is open, luckily we got there just before it closed. We didn't get to any shows & the parade wasn't on the day we went :( but the kids had so much fun they didn't know that they were missing anything. We have wonderful memories of our day & are looking forward to our next visit to a Disneyland when the kids are older.
This is quite a small Disneyland and really fun for small children with a good variety of attractions. Not quite enough to keep older children interested. Go early and aviod the crowds for the first couple of hours. Food options were okay but some involved a very long wait for a table. Not as many characters wandering around as I would have expected. All in all we had a good fun day.
Hi !! I had been here last week with my family. It is really beutiful and spotlessly clean. You need the whole day in the park.because of the queue you might miss out on some of the rides but overall perfect.The place is not only for kids but even fun for adults.a must visit for all the tourist travelling to hong kong.the best way to travel is by MTR .The train from Sunny bay station to disney land was amazing .Overall very very good
We definitely had fun but we did not have enough time to enjoy all the rides. As expected, the line queue steals 1 2 hours from our time, even with picture taking with the characters. It's nice that the characters are out in the grounds before the fireworks started so we were able to grab a few shots with them before heading home. We also missed some of the rides because of long queue lines, but we enjoyed our time.The crew are generally courteous, it's the other Chinese (can't tell f they are from Mainland) people who are rude, jumping into lines. One Chinese lady kept asking me something and looking somewhat annoyed but I can't understand because she keeps talking in Chinese, even after a number of my attempts asking her to speak in English. The restaurants inside cannot accommodate large groups since they have limited seating, so we were not able to sample their food.If you are heading out to Hong Kong Disneyland, make sure you get there in the morning (we arrived early afternoon) so you can get the most out of your money.
I was ther during Dec holidays wit my family..it was small wit huge crowed,the rides were simple & enough for a day...And the mainland ppl were there pushing & Jumping the Q'which was annoying' other than tat was nice & cooling.
wonderful place with kids and even adults can enjoy the rides. well organised and the attractions worth all the praise.May be best for people living in asia as its very reasonable to your budget.Only suggestion is to allow the kids for the snaps with various cartoon it can reduce the long waiting time for kids
Do not waste your time in Disneyland. Attractions are boring and the queues are very long (65 min  ) on the very few interesting trips in Disneyland (Hong Kong).
Disney Hong Kong is small and Chinese. That's it. Comparisons with other Disneys are pointless really.We had a good time there. One day is ample to do the rides and see the fireworks at 9pm. More than one day is unnecessary and probably a waste.The park is spotlessly clean and easy to navigate around. We went on 28th December and all lines were short except for Winnie the Pooh which (inexplicably) took about 45 minutes. Could have  should have got the Fastpass but didn't think for a minutes we had 45 minutes in front of us..... Other than that all lines were pretty short and quick.The Chinese influence is quite pronounced   commentaries, signs and, especially, food. To be fair the food is very average. We all like Chinese food but this stuff was bland and largely tasteless.The other negative is the lack of  queue etiquette . There is none. Turn your back for a second and leave a gap in a line that will fit another human, when you turn back around THREE humans have filled that void. And they are so brazen it is both funny and infuriating at the same time.Yes, HK Disney is a good day out but have a good breakfast at your hotel first so you don't need to buy much food within and be on your way after the fireworks. Don't bother planning more than one day there   you will kick yourself afterwards.
1) Visiting the park in mid Dec is indeed cosy due to the winter.2) It took at least ONE WHOLE DAY to conquer the park while enjoying all the attractions tremendously even though the park is the smallest Disneyland..Not forgotten 2hav adequate of time to snap lots of photos as remembrance.There are numerous of attractive spots that should not be missed. My family & I were lucky coz we took 2day tickets park pass.3) Don't ever forget 2take photo with the Disney's Character especially Mickey & Minnie. My family & I took photos with all the characters and purchased 11 photos of them worth HK120 each.Really worth and Shopping Disney merchandise definitely burn a hole in my pockets.4) The shows like the Golden Mickeys,Festivals of the Lion King & Stitch Encounters were absolutely awesome & entertaining.Space Mountain ride was quite challenging while Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters was fun.5) Let It Snow Christmas Parade and Disney in the Stars Fireworks were indeed eye catching & spectacular. You will regret if you miss them.Believe me.***For the first timer Disneyland visitor,It is highly recommended to visit Hongkong Disneyland first before the other Disneylands.There will be 3more new theme attractions coming soon in HK Disneyland in future and 4sure,it will be more exciting & enjoyable***  Disneyland is always in my heart
Disney HK was fun. We thought it might just take half  day but it took us a full day and more. it helped that we stayed at Disney Hollywood hotel and took a two day pass. The shows were amazing and should not be missed. The down side was that the service staff were not too cheerful (not Disneyish, if you know what I mean)   one popcorn vendor stunned a customer by shouting at her for not being able to make her choice quickly. We were also disappointed that vegetarian options were not mentioned and the Indian food tasted like it came out from a ready to eat packet. But we went to have fun and had an enjoyable time.
i was in Disneyland HK last June, and the first thing I noticed was that the park was really small. A full day was enough to experience the whole park (including the shows and parades). I didnt get to spend my entire day there but I tried almost every rides.To get there was easy. I got on the MTR (i think it was the pink line or something). It was nicely themed with mickey mouse handles and windows. When we got there it wasn't really crowded, i think we got there an hour after their opening time. Please do notice that HK in summer was very hot so I strongly recommend you to bring a hat,sunscreen,water bottles etc to keep you hydrated. Like I said the park is really small and you dont have to worry that you cant finish the whole park in a day. You will, and there werent any long line or anything. My highlight of the day was space mountain and the lion king show (I didn't stay for the fireworks). Everything else was okay. Souvenir shops are everywhere, well basically every time you finished a ride, the exit was through a souvenir shop. Since I was a Disney fan, exiting the ride without buying anything was actually a challenge. Didnt try any of the restaurants because we were so stuffed after our breakfast back at the hotel. But tried some of the food stalls that sell waffles and turkey legs. They were good and not too pricey.Overall it was still an enjoyable experience, but if you had been to another Disney parks maybe you might want to skip this one or maybe wait for a couple more years or so (i heard that they are renovating the place).
Hong Kong Disney is only five years old and is therefore still in its relative infancy in comparison to other Disney parks. If you have been to the original Disneyland in California, for example, you will be disappointed with Hong Kong Disney if you are expecting an exact replica.However, if you visit this park with realistic expectations of having a fun day out, you will. It's that simple!Most of the rides and attractions are aimed at younger kids, which makes sense when you consider the length of time this park has been operating. There are plans to expand the park over the next ten years and no doubt more teen and adult attractions will be added over this time.In the meantime, it's a fun day out and all of the usual Disney characteristics are present and accounted for. You can have your photo taken with assorted characters and buy plenty of Disney merchandise.Prices at the park are very reasonable, including admission prices. Food and souvenirs are relatively cheap in comparison to both California Disney and the various theme parks on Australia's Gold Coast.Be warned that the food available is not your typical Disney fare. The most western style items available are caramel popcorn and cotton candy. Restaurants, cafes and snack carts mostly serve Cantonese and other Asian dishes, with nary a hot dog, a burger nor a bucket of fries in sight!The park is very easy to navigate and easy to get to, whether you're staying in Kowloon, Hong Kong Island, or one of the Disney hotels within the resort. There are lockers available to store your purchases during the day.
When you've been to US Disney, better skip HK Disney, better visit Ocean Park. Save money and trip, be wise.
HK Disney is very small and all attractions can be completed in less than one day.Besides 2 of the most interesting rides are out of action and there is no parade!Compared to Disneyland Paris it is just a waste of time .There is no thrill and the photo sessions with the Disney characters are neither well organised nor well monitored so that one person can stay with them for more than 5 mins!There are so many other things to do in HK!!
A good day out for family with young children. Disneyland is easily accessible by MTR taking the Disneyland Resort Line. As we have a son, the Adventureland and Tommorowland are the most suitable attractions for us. In Adventureland, The Lion King show is a must see! and The Jungle River Cruise is a must ride! In Tommorowland, if you have been wondering how it feels like to ride a roller coaster in total darkness aka; outer space, Space Mountain is the ride for you. Not recommended for very young children or adults with heart problems and it is best before lunch. The sound and special effects are fantastic. A must ride for thrill seekers. For boys and girls who loves the thrill of saving the planet from invading Aliens,The Buzz Lightyear Astro Blaster is a must ride.Thank goodness, no western fast food, instead, lots of good Asian food outlets reasonably priced. A good one can be found just after Adventureland and good coffee and lovely pastry shop can be found at Main Street.Plenty of expensive, Disney branded junk for sale at Main Street.TIPS:  1 day is enough.  Check the weather forecast before going.  Arrive early between 10 11am.  In order to maximise your visit, start at the Adventureland and finish off at the Main Street, U.S.A.
For any Disney fan, this is a must. It's great to see another park in another country and the similarities and differences. Some of the rides are the same, but there are regional touches, such as DimSum or Authentic chinese foods in the food courts. The souvenirs are great as they are all Hong Kong related. Because its fairly new, it is much smaller than other Disneylands. If you've been to the Magic Kingdom, this will not even measure up.
Visited on Christmas Day 2009. Recommendations: Tea Cup Ride, Jungle Boat Ride, Eat in the Grand Hall, watch the street parade, visit the souvenir shops and stay for the fireworks!
We visited hk Disney on the 26th and 28th October 2010. Despite most people recommending one day at this park due to it's size we chose two because , when we visited Disney in LA in 07 we spent 10 days and weren't tired of it at all. We also thought it would be fun to take our kids to the Halloween celebrations at the park, which were only thurs sun. The park looked just like it's LA counterpart, and almost felt the same. It kind of lacked something though. Rides are really aimed at younger children as the only big ride is space mountain ( and it had the shortest lines! Go figure). Immaculately clean, but there just wasn't that wow factor I expected. The extra Halloween attractions were not at all what we expected. The haunted hotel, which we thought would be along the lines of a more temporary version of the haunted mansion in LA terrified our kids, aged 9 and 10. There were people dressed as zombies etc jumping out and screaming in the kids faces, along with a blood stained lady who ran at the kids with a man being hung (twitching on the rope!) behind her. Kids cried all the way through it and one had nightmares. That to me wasn't the spirit of Disney at all and I was very disappointed. All in all, nice park, especially if you haven't done Disney before, but to me lacked magic.
Our family really enjoyed our time at Disneyland Hongkong. After spending few hours we have nothing to do. I think this place is a bit small. I have heard that they are trying to up 2 more new lands and hope that can have much more funnier thing. So far so good, the staffs were excellent, and very professional. It is a must visit place and especially for family have kids.
We visited recently with our 3 year old daughter, myself and my husband and my parents in law. We went twice during the holiday and had a fab time. Hong Kong disneyland is much smaller than in Florida, making it ideal for young kids   the rides are all pretty family friendly too, with a couple of more grown up ones to keep the adults amused. Food and drink is plentiful and reasonably priced and the staff couldn't be more hospitable and friendly. It was really hot the second day we went, so we spent more time seeing the shows in the airconditioned theatre environment. Also would highly recommend the character buffet dinner at the Disney hotel   absolute magic!
We love Disney!!!! we've been to all of them around the world and Hong Kong was the last one to finally check it off of our bucket list. We were celebrating my 13 year old daughter's birthday, she got her Birthday pin and everybody congratulated her all day long, same as they do on other locations, she was so HAPPY to be  The Special One . This time we arrived in October, so Disney had just a few days with special Halloween attractions and the best Hunted House I've been to, also the coolest Glow in the Dark Parade. They have a big variety of food, we went with what the locals eat, it was pass lunch time, the 1 4 options came to be 1 2 only, they were almost out! ...anyway, good food overall. We liked they had everything translated in English as well as Mandarin. Euro Disney had everything is French, not the same experience. Don't forget to see the Lion King show, it is great!I do recommend you Disney and if you like roller coasters visit Ocean Park, a bit of a walk going up the hill, but worth it. Hong Kong has the most organized subway system, very easy to get around and people are very helpful.
We are a family with 2 young kids (5 and 2). Visited Disney mid Oct. I found it very pleasant because it was so not crowded the day we were there. No mainland crowds. No crowds at all. In fact, the 5 year old went to the Buzz attraction 7x and we did Small World 2x. In fact, we spent way toooo much time given how manageable the park was. We arrived around 11 and didnt leave till we finished the fireworks. I have been to Disney during Chinese New Year before where the crowds were unbelievable. So this time, we erred on the safe side. If we return to HK Disney again, I would get there around 3pm and stay till the fireworks. To be honest, the park is missing some soft thrill rides. My 5 year old for example, does not enjoy Dumbo type rides (too slow) but is too small for Space Mountain. Something like Buzz is just perfect for his age. We were sorely missing something like the Big Thunder Railroad. We had an adequate lunch at one of the many restaurants. Dinner was delicious at Maxim's.The park was so easy to walk around (unlike Ocean Park). There were plenty of seating. The fireworks were definitely worth waiting for. Would I return? If it's not peak season and i am staying longer than 5 days in HK, sure thing.
This was our family of 6 first Disney experience and we had the best time.We stayed at the Hollywood Hotel and that helped make the experience. We did 2 full days at the park and it was no where near as busy as we thought it would be, it only got busy in the afternoon as (we think) locals come out for the evening and the Halloween parade. Being October it was full of Halloween and that was a let down for us, because we are not into that sort of thing. We loved being able to ride some of the classic rides and some that are a bit newer. Our 3 boys (13, 12 and 10) loved the space Mountain and our daughter (14) liked the quieter rides, We found that there was something for everybody and kept us busy for the two days. The live shows where amazing and kept even our boys entertained. We had our Photo with most of the characters and even though they hope you buy there photo's they take Photo's on your camera, so you still get the memory.Overall the 2 days where an amazing opportunity to make lovely happy family memories.
A spotless amusement park with no shortage of shops selling food and drink, very necessary in hot weather. We visited in the first week of October   a bad choice. This is the holiday season on the mainland and thousands of tourists pour in for the celebration.Queues moved quite fast, and there were some very long ones.The halloween procession was a bit scary for a sensative seven year old but all the other attractions were as good as had been hoped for
On our last trip to Hong Kong in the spur of the moment we bought tickets to go to Disneyland. My 7 year old daughter was really happy and my husband was very skeptical. I was just intrigued by the idea of going there and seen if it was actually the same as in California. Wow, was I in for a surprised. Disney was still the same, but just there in between the lines I could see the wonderfulness of the warmth and good service that makes Hong Kong a wonderful place to visit. They have less rides than the one in Anaheim, but everything else feels more relaxed. Yes, that it what makes the difference. The restaurants are really nice and we were able to get a wonderful authentic asian style dinner. I think I could go on an on in regards to our visit, but what sums it all up was when my daughter said and I quote  Look at that child mom, he isn't eating a churro....he is eating fried fish balls  I knew then that I was in for a treat.
First thing first, the ticket entrance to me it is quite expensive considering there is not much to see there. There is a lot of ticket booth, but not many open.The shows queue can be very long and not moving fast enough. Quality of the park is really poor, I think I've been to a better local park that are not Disney brand and still find it a lot better. I think I count a lot more numbers of retail store compared to the entertainments. The music parade was ok and probably the only entertaining part of the whole place.I've just recently came back from Bali, went on their safari park and it is just soooo much better.By the way if you are staying at the Disney hotel it is quite a walk to reach the park. As well getting in was pretty easy, getting out to the MTR can be quite long too, might not be a bad idea to get the MTR round trip ticket in advance so you can avoid the long hot queue.
I have been to all the disney theme parks in the world (France, Japan, LA, Orlando and HK). My favorite one is still DisneyWorld in Orlando but HK Disneyland is the 2nd. It is small and you can finish it in one day. However, the castle has a beautiful backdrop (the mountain view) and the firework is amazing. Also there is hardly any waiting time for rides and the restaurants are delicious. They even serve dim sum (e.g. egg custard tarts) in the chinese restaurant. I also stayed in the Grand Californian Hotel and the decorations and service are great.
I understand that normally people plan their tour with many hopes of entertainment and have fun of their tour especially when one think of Disney Land.We had been to many places of the world including USA, Singapore, India, South Korea and so on...one of them was Hong Kong and we had very disappointing time. I lost my full mood of the tour when my 11 yrs old son expressed his frustration at night when we were moving out from HKG Disney Land. He said,  Pappa it was total waste of time and money we had today .HKG Disney Land is worth not visiting. Their service is very poor, presentation is of no class, performances have no good expressions on the face of artists. I think they are more tired by end of the day so unable to present good.Their maintenance is felt to be not planned. Also, they even do not care to update such information on their web site. So that we can plan other day and do not miss such ride spot. They took 100% ticket charge from us and the day we visited 2 important attractions were under maintenance and one attraction we could not see because during all the scheduled time it was full. Their staff even did not bothered to accept our request to allow my 1 yrs child alone. So even if we missed it we do not care, but our child can appreciate that show................really sad experience.I recommend to have experience of Everland near Seoul, South Korea. Your time of 9 AM to 9 PM and money both will be refreshing worth of fun and joy. Being not a very known place to many, but an experienced tourist will realize what is difference in the service, presentation, quality of spots etc. between HKG Disney and S. Korea Everland.Bhautik V. Vaidya
I have been to other Disneyland and HK Disneyland is the smaller version. You can visit the park in just one day. Some of the attractions are not in English so it was difficult to understand.We were lucky that it was Halloween special when we went there. For the same price (350hkd), the park hours was longer and they added a few attractions such as the haunted house and zombies walking around the main st at night.My son and nephews enjoyed the buzz lightyear ride, jungle cruise, philhamagic and the lion king show. We did not enjoy the golden mickey and the tarzan house. There were 2 parades which was great. The nightmare in the sky pyrotechnic show was nothing special.Definitely a place to go with kids and kids at heart :)
Well .. my wife wanted to go to a Disneyland (she hadn't been to any), so we went to HK. I had been to California Adventure and Epcot, and this park is very small and compact compared to those. There's no Aladdin show, and no crazy roller coaster. And no night parade. But still we loved it. Its charming and designed to give first time Disney visitors an experience of their life. Very down to earth and humble. You can actually take your own sweet time and not worry about 'what did I miss'. Quite nice park actually for 60SGD.I don't think many people would come back for a second time though.
Disneyland in hongkong is really a smaller more bonsai version of the one in the US and is therefore slightly below expectations. However if u have young kids or even ureself want to relive ure childhood fantasies, u can look at going to this as its the only dinseyland in asia
i've heard that we'd be better off going to ocean park but there's something about disney you can't say no to. I'd never been to disneyland before which was also an attraction. I never got Ocean Park, but maybe we will next time.disney just does not disappoint. there is the usual line up for rides but the vibe and excitement of being there was absolutely worth it. not to mention the caramel popcorn!!!i loved being here and i would go again! the gift shops were also gorgeous and i bought way too much. this is coming from 2 x 31 year old  girls  and we had a great time even if we didn't have any kids with us!!!
Say what you like, it is not a patch on the USA versions or even the Paris, Tokyo parks.I have been very lucky to do them all over the years.Having said that, it is still a magical place for children from all cultures.This is evident in the number of rides for the young and the all too willing parents to wait such long times to get them on the rides in Fantasyland.For us  young  adults the park offered very few diversions or thrill rides apart from Space Mountain and the Jungle Cruise.As soon as we were allowed, we got Fast Passes and rode  single  on this ride throughout the day.It was humid and hot and although the park is small, it still took plenty of energy to get round and line up for all the other rides.The water parade was just the thing to cool people down and very cleverly done.The food outlets were certainly overpriced as per other Disney parks, however the food was a mix of Asian and Western flavours and we liked the eclectic mix.I had read on Trip Advisor that certain cultures were a bit  energetic  when lining up for rides but we found everyone to be well mannered and polite.It took about six hours to do what we wanted and the park was crowded.We did not stay for the fireworks so can't comment on that.The Disneyland Express to from the park was clean and efficient.In fact the park was spotless and the eating areas well kept.Unless they add another theme area we probably won't go back, however there are some earth works going on adjacent to Adventureland, so they could be adding on a new one..... Hope so as it certainly needs something more for the money!!
The place is small enough for you to walk swiftly from one attraction to the other. The performers for their shows are mostly Asians, lots of Filipinos, so you can really see good quality of shows there. Avoid this place during summer (July August) because of the influx of tourists, particularly people from mainland China. They are generally rude and have a common practice of not lining up properly. During our trip, we see a young boy bekg encouraged by his parents to pee in the park street!
On the way back from the Big Buddha we decided to to go here. We took the subway from the big buddha from hong kong, and Hong Kong Disney is just one transfer off that line. They also had discounts (a discount if you had a tourist day pass from the subway and a discount if you bought a ticket with a Visa Card). The discounts brought the price to 40USD per person.The park was HOT, but we were there in August. It was not that crowded, very few long lines. The food was not very good. Overall the park is a small version of whats in the US. It has a selection of rides (space mountain, its a small world). The shopping was average also. Overall it was an interesting experience I am sure children would enjoy it (we were four young adults). If you have the time and money, stop by, but its not necessary to experience Hong Kong.
Overall this was an excellent day out. My 2 girls (7 & 5) loved it. I had only 2 complaints:Heat sun: Why do they not provide more shade for the lines and why for the (excellent) shows. Also why do they keep you outside in the baking heat, then let you inside into the air conditioned room 5 minutes before the show is about to start. I know there is time needed for cleaning etc but the resulting scrum is not good with small children.Food: The worst we had on our holiday and expensive.
The staff and attractions at Disneyland Hong Kong are 500% better than Disneyland Paris. Staff are friendly and helpful, attractions are working and clean, Disney characters are lovely and also friendly. We really enjoyed our experience   the 5 yo couldnt stop smiling and the 11 yo loved the techno rides. Clean, friendly and family orientated without the feeling of being excessively expensive.
For those who are young and young at heart this is where you become young again and relive your love for Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Pluto, Goofy and the rest of the gang. Never mind the long queues for you to take a picture with your favorite Disney character as it would be a great souvenir. I love the MTR ride from Sunny Bay with all those Mickey Mouse shapes all over the train.
This is a small Disneyland park   there are only 4  lands . Most of it is for kids only, the only land with rides for big kids adults was Tomorrowland which has Space Mountain and Buzz Lightyear Astroblasters. I'm sure kids would really enjoy it, the parade was a lot of fun. Queues were very small or non existent which meant we got through all the attractions in 4 hours or so. Entry fees were HK350 for adults, HK250 for kids and HK170 for seniors.
There are three different sections in this park and rides are supplemented with various live shows, 4d events, shopping and eating joints. Must go if you like anything Disney. Staff is very well trained and queue management is good. Only disappointment was that the train was not working for half of the route.
This is the smallest of the Disneylands, which was great for the 2.5   6.0 year olds, but may have been a bit small for the older kids.  We went with a 3.5 year old and she absolutely loved it.
this is the perfect place to spend a whole day with the family.the park is a 45 minute bus ride away from Tsim Sha Tsiu. but it's definitely worth the trip. it is not as large (area wise) as i expected. but it's ample for consuming the whole day for exploring all the attractions.we went there on a week day and found the ques to be very short. all the rides attractions were enjoyable especially the philharmagic one.don't forget to bring your camera as there as plenty of opportunities to take a picture with your favorite disney characters. also make sure that you get a good spot for watching the parade.
We really enjoyed our time at Disneyland HK but wish there was more to do there! After half a day we ran out of things to do (both shows and rides and shopping). I have read that they are building 2 or 3 new lands so it should make the ticket more value for money.The staff were excellent, and very professional. A must visit, especially if you have kids or are a big kid yourselves!Oh and very easy to get to!
You must be crazy not to spend the whole day here! most recent trip was March'10, arrived at 11am and left at 8:30pm, just after the fireworks.The island is FAR from Kowloon or HK city, 30 45 mins away via MTR. Start your disneyday early and you wont regret it. Plan ahead, attractions first...shop later. Also, it would be advisable to queue in 30minutes before the show to get good seats. At the booth, they have this food package stub, cost about HKD100 for 2 set of meals at most diners, i think stubs for snacks are also included. Its a steal, especially when food packs cost HKD50  (very small serving, not for sharing). Speaking of diners, you get your money's worth if you buy burgers fries at Tomorrowland instead of the rice meals at Fantasyland. Must see attractions for me: Golden Mickeys, Space Mountain, Mickey's Philharmagic, Disney on Parade and you have to wait a few minutes before closing time for the wonderful Disney in the Stars! Have your pictures taken with the Disney characters if you can! missed our chance last time...lines are usually up to a certain number of people, so if you want a picture, better run and fall in line (no, im not kidding!)
Arrives very easily on the MTR which is an absolute godsend.The park entry was quick and easy and eventauly got an English map. I think its only fair to point out to Wetern English people at this point that it is a rugby scrum wherever you go as these people dont que for nothing and will gladly knock you out of the way to get up the line. All rides were open and are a mixture of all rides from the other parks. there is curiosly no water ride! which would have been fun but space mountain is here!!. The shows were done in both english..asian and were great. The parades were so so with not many floats but all the characters seemed to be there. The fireworks are the same as wishes in USA but still good. The place just seemed to lack Disney Magic but when you see kids more interested in bubble making than donald stood at the same point i guess it somes it up.It is funny to see so many people in the gift shop taking pictures of themselves with items form the shop hilarious!!!maybe we have been spoilt as we have seen all the Disneys but this is in the middle better than Eurodisney but way behind Disney USA..worth a visit for 6 hours but definately not 2 days
The disney in hk is so small and quite expensive we paid 175 usd around for 1 day entry with 2 kids 4 and 6 yrs there was hardly any thing inside . seems quite a waste to go there ocean park was 100 times better than hk disney land
Went with family to HK Disneyland to celebrate my 7 yo birthday. We wanted to avoid the crowds so we went on this vacation for 5 days   Monday thru Friday and stayed at the HKDL Hotel (see other review of hotel). We caught the 620am flight out of Manila and by 11 am, we were checked in and on our way to the Disney park (park opens at 1030). Spent 2 days enjoying the park. Those with kids would realize how they can get very whiny and how they can really slow you down. The park was very manageable, none of that overwhelming feeling you get from a big theme park. Wait time was 30 mins at the longest and that was with Winnie the Pooh and Dumbo! This should give you a good idea of the target audience of this theme park. We just had to ride the Carousel and Winnie the Pooh several times. The supposedly most exciting ride in this park, Space Mountain, was enjoyed enormously by the 7 yo. So you can understand why most adults and thrill seekers abhor HKDL. The food throughout the park and the hotel are very monotonous   they are all basically the same but depending on where you buy them, can be affordable or expensive. You see the same dimsums everywhere. But if you have them at the HKDL Hotel, its very expensive. They're cheaper at the park. My daughter missed candy floss though. Its a wonder they dont have them at the park. There was also only 1 ice cream station throughout the park. Wonder why. There were no hotdog stands or American street food. This gave my daughter the impression that there are no hotdogs in HK!!One downside to going on weekdays is that you dont get to see much of the princesses for picture taking. Aside from the parade, we only saw Cinderella by the Carousel. We did see Mickey (he's everywhere), Minnie, Buzz, Stitch, Merlin, Goofy, Pluto, Winnie and couple others. My daughter wanted to see Donald and Daisy but we didnt see them throughout the 5 day stay. I guess if there's not a lot of people, not worth to bring out all of the characters.Remember to check out the shows   Golden Mickey, Philharmagic, Stitch and the Lion King show. The park is very clean and well maintained. Comfort Rooms are clean, air conditioned, no wait, most amenities are available. You need to keep in mind though that most visitors to the park are tourists from India and mainland China. And I'm sorry to say though that courteous behavior is sometimes forgotten. And I have had to shield my child several times from elbowing adults. This is very different from US themeparks as Americans seem to be more courteous and understanding of people with children in tow. The park also has its own MTR station which is one ride away from the Tung Chung Citigate Outlet Mall. So you now know what kept me occupied aside from the park.We spent 2 days at the Park. Went to Tsim Sha Tsui for a day and spent another day enjoying the cable car and the outlet malls at Tung Chung. Overall, very manageable park. Very good for my daughter's first trip abroad. Nothing exhausting. Enjoyable at your own pace.
This is a nice trip for families as it has all of the disney magic and atmosphere as the other parks but not quite as many people. the focus is more on the characters than the rides. A nice attraction if your expectations aren't too high.
Went to HK Disneyland on a weekend, a Friday and Saturday. My tip is, go to HK Disneyland either on a week day or if you just cannot do a weekday, make sure to schedule your trip on cooler months. It was too hot in May and rides were packed we did not get to ride the Dumbo and the Carousel. Was with 2 kids aged 3 and 7, and they couldnt wait too long in lines.However, all is not lost. HK Disneyland is great for kids since the park is not overwhelming. My tips are as follows: 1. Get a Star Pass where you get a  Fast Pass  ticket for 6 shows. The shows were just great!!! I give a thousand thumbs up for Golden Mickeys, the Festival of the Lion King, and Philharmagic. The Star Pass is only HK80. 2. The Parade and the High School musical shows were not as packed as the ones I have seen in CA and FL, so kids can still enjoy it. 3. Get a Star Guest badge (located at the City Hall for FREE but you must be early) so you can enjoy all sorts of activities around the park. 4. Stay in any of the hotels at least overnight 5. Eat at Plaza Inn for Dinner (so you can see the Fireworks up close). It may be a bit costly (you can save up by eating your other meals in the stands), but so worth the HK300 per head for the show and the food! The only decent adult ride there is Space Mountain and it is NOT packed. For the life of me, I couldnt imagine why Autopia (where you can drive the car) has a 60 minute wait time?! Also, for small kids, bring your own stroller rather than renting in the park. There is a long walk from the public terminals to the entrance of the park and back!
It opened my eyes.HK Disney is not that bad. It is not bad at all, actually. The last time I went to Eurodisney was in 1997 and after all the years, it's practically the same! The rides haven't been 'modernized' and although it is much bigger, I think HK Disney is better in terms of 'freshness'. It is decades newer than the other disneyland, and it shows. The attractions, shops, to street lamps are 'cleaner', and I have to say much more looked after. I was shocked to see the haunted mansion in Paris, exactly the same as in 1997, in other words it is 13 years outdated! Now the haunted hotel in HK Disney, ah... you have to try for yourselves.Yes HK Disney is small, yes the shows are in Chinese, yes it might be the hottest disneyland in the world but believe me, it still has the right and the credibility to be rightfully called a Disneyland.
I did not get a package for this trip. Just did it all on my own. I took my whole family to disney last April 17 and used the MTR all the way! The trip was seamless from MongKok station. Having an Octopus card for me and my wife helped because of the ease of entry and already prepaid. For the kids we bought them tickets at HKD10.50 per way per kid, there were 2. At HKD 42.00, it was cheap and worth it given that all the way to and back we were able to get seats. There are 2 train transfers   from the red line to tung chung and tung chung to the disney train at Sunny Bay. But as I said it was seamless.Once you get there, if you use your VISA card for the park tickets, you get a discount. Entrance was a blast even for a Saturday.Lines are common for rides, shows and photo opportunities so choose them well. I suggest one should start with a picture of Mickey and Mini as soon as you enter the park. The staff will be very helpful in taking your photo. No camera? No problem! they can take a picture for you.After Mickey go and take a picture in front of the castle and then directly to Adventureland for the Jungle River tour as your first ride. This is a must and it sets the mood for the whole day.Then got to fantasyland and ride the dumbo flying elephant and cinderella carousel. Work your way to the mad hatters tea cup ride. If you have smaller kids as I do, these are staples. Lines are a bit long so invest in these. From here make your way to the gazebo near spacemountain and see the Disney Parade from here which starts near hear. The parade starts at around 3 PM and lunch areas abound at this area.After the parade, ride the Orbitron at the tomorrowland. I do not suggest the Autopia as the lines are really long and takes around 45 minutes to ride a 5 minute 1 round ride.Go see the shows if you have time and Mainstreet on the way out. Best fireworks viewpoint will be at the roundabout near mainstreet for the fireworks display.For one day it was well worth it with small kids. Don't forget to buy some shirts and caps as they last the longest mementos for the small kids. Oh my wife got sick and there was a first aid station with rooms! It was for free where she took a rest. Staff was absolutely nice and took care of her.One can never see all the offered attractions in one day, but I took them to the most memorable sites and rides within the time available. And guess what, there was still time for Autopia!
I just came back on 22 Apr 2010. It is my first time to disneyland and i will said hong kong disneyland is perfect family outing with children below 12 years old. I stay at disneyland hotel , fantasia room with a jacuzzi (king size bed   1 sofa bed) ...Let me summarized my findings at Airport to disney hotelsIf you traveled with 2 4 peoples, you should go via the cab. It is cheaper than taking MRT and save more time. It only cost around HKG 120 130 per way and 15 minutes to reach the hotel.Disneyland Hotel ... There is 2 hotels   Disneyland hotel (higher rate) and hollywood hotel First I thought paying more to stay at disneyland hotel to get to have more experienced and excitement with my 2 sons but it kinda dissappointed , reason because there is not much pictures wallpapers of disney characters especially mickey .. u hardly see any mickey logo even on the lift or in the room .. and there is not much restaurants in disneyland hotel compare with hollywood hotel ... I did book a breakfast at enchanted garden and we are having a great time especially my 2 kids .. the breakfast time divided to two section, 8.00 9.30am and 10.00 11.30am. During my section, there is 4 characters showing Mickey , Daisy , Goofy and Pluto .. I been told, beside goofy and pluto , the others 2 charaters may be different .. so depends on your luck. And if you staying in disneyland hotel, you should book the breakfast through reception, you get cheaper price. During the breakfast, you hardly eat , but most of the time taking photo as each characters will go to your table at least 1 or 2 times. I went to Hollywood hotel for dinner at chef mickey restaurant... it is a very good place to dine after a whole day trip to the themed park, there is lots of hkg flavoured food , with japanese, indian and others cuisine. I am lucky as I sit beside the walkway and Goofy appeared .. managed to get some photos ...summary , the disneyland hotel is clean, quite and the staff is very friendly .. during check out .. princess Bell (beauty and the beast) appeared and we managed to take some photo with her .. facilities, indoor and outdoor swimming pool , gym , tennis court .. Disney Themed ParkAs I stay at Disneyland hotel , there is a promotion on buy 1 ticket and play for 2 days. As my flight reach there around 1pm, after check in , we went to the themed park around 3.30pm on the first day.. There will be a shuttle bus picking you at disneyland   hollywood hotel to the themed park with frequency of 10 minutes. please note, you cant bring in food or water into the park. while you entering , staff will check your bags. Unless you have infant, water is not allowed. Also please check out how to get the fast pass to avoid long queue. As 3.30pm is the parade, during my admission , most of the peoples already left or back to hotel and to take a rest for the 7.30 fireworks show.I reach into the themed park at 4pm, you will see people queing to take photo with mickey   minnie on the center of main street. it takes me about 15 minutes to Q. Around that time, chip and dale, pluto and goofy also appeared at nearby , but the Q is around 5 minutes ... on the US mainstreet, mostly for shopping , so the first stop you should reach is fantasy land ... you spend more time here .. main attraction is the 3D Movie, dumbo ride, cinderella carousel. And the rest main attraction will be stich, space mountain, light buzzyear shooting. Characters..There will be few spots that the charaters will be appearing depends on time, check out the guidemap .. during my visit (mickey and minnie) (a must queue) , chip and dale, goofy and pluto at main street , at fantasy land there is 4 small booths, individual mickey, minnie, pooh eeyore, goofy . I noticed donald will appear beside the 3D Movies at 5pm. I waitied the next day and donald appeard the same time. tommorow land, light buzzyear and its a small world area there is pinnochio at 5pm. castle area , princess bell and snow white so i suggest you should first go and check out with information or those disney staff to get some tips and charaters appearance.there is few food court available in the themed park. from asian to western cussine.overall. it is a wonderful place for family and i be back next year for sure.
This is an entree size of the original Los Angeles Disneyland.They have a small scaled down version of Adventureland, Fantasyland and Tomorrowland, although there appears to be extensions going on.Main Street is like LA Disneyland.If you're after the thrilling rollercoaster rides, Space Mountain is the only one. Alot of the exciting rides are not there.It's geared more for the smaller market but you can still get that Disney buzz with the character photos and parades. While I get that when in Asia, I have to eat Asian, but the food selection was disappointing from a Western perspective. It is easy to get to on public transport   catch the Disney train from Sunny Bay (near the airport).
We had an amazing day at Hong Kong Disneyland   absolutely perfect for a full day for a family with 3 children (aged 9, 8 and 6). Our children were taken with the magic of Disney from the moment they got on the Mickey train at Sunny Bay.We arrived as it opened and stayed till it closed (watching the spectacular fireworks display). We were there on a Friday.We went on every ride (although the children decided Space Mountain was not for them) and even went on the Buzz Lightyear ride 4 times. Only one ride required us to queue for a long time (about 30 minutes)   I have forgotten the name of it but it was the one where you drive your own car around a track. The other rides either had no queue or just a couple of minutes.The Golden Mickey show was excellent. The commentary was in Chinese but there were English subtitles on the right hand side of the stage. All the songs were in English. It would not have mattered too much if we could not have seen the subtitles. The Lion King show was off the day we visited which was a shame as it is also meant to be very good. We saw the High School Musical show but it was not of the high standard of the Golden Mickeys show.We bought a meal package at the entrance that gave us lunch, dinner and a snack for about $100 HK per person. The food was ok   similar quality to most theme parks (much better than Ocean Park where we went a few days later)   and the voucher enabled you to choose a western or asian style meal. It was good knowing that we did not have to outlay more money during the day for food.The park is spotlessly clean.The park is so full of happy and excited people. The enthusiasm of all the staff and visitors is contagious.Our children will remember it always as such a magical day.
It's my second time to visit this place and it remains as magical as my first visit. Still enjoyed Space Mountain and Mickey's PhilharMagic. The attractions are basically the same from a few years ago but the dream like atmosphere, the Disney characters and the nice staff make it an attraction not to be missed.
We boarded the Cathy Pacific flight from Bangalore (2.00 a.m. India time) and landed at HongKong airport around 10.00 a.m. (local time) We were lucky to have good  Jain Food  in the Cathy Pacific flight operated by Dragon AIr. Visa is free on arrival and within 35 minutes we reached hotel    Disneyland Hollywood Hotel    which is located within the Disneyland resort.After having some snacks in hotel, we visited Budha Temple and The Peak. We were lucky to find good vegetarian dinner(along with Jain food) in an Indian restaurant,  Bombay House  in HK city. After dinner we spent sometime in the local market and came back to hotel in our rooms. Rooms of the hotel were very clean and spacious. All over the hotel there were many Disney characters and my daughter was so excited to see them. Next morning, we got up early and had good vegetarian breakfast in the hotel. We boarded a bus from hotel and reached Disneyland in 10 minutes. The main entrance of Disneyland was very beautiful with Mickey Mouse standing on top of water flowing from whale fish and a dancing mini mouse. Further ahead was a big fountain with a statue of Mickey. Disneyland is divided into three main parks Fantasyland, Tomorrow Land, and Adventure Land. In    Adventure Land    we saw    Tarzan House    which was artificial but looked very real. We also completed    Jungle River Cruise    where I got frightened. We also enjoyed the show    Festival of Lion King   .The roller costal ride of Space Mountain and Orbitron in Tomorrow Land was really thrilling. We even got a chance to drive UFO is    UFO Zone   .There was a spectacular fire show in the evening in Cinderella   s Carousel. My daughter also attended a class where she learnt how to draw Mickey Mouse in simple steps. This was a memorable experince for her. In    Adventure Land    we saw    Tarzan House    which was artificial but looked very real. We also completed    Jungle River Cruise    where I got frightened. I also enjoyed the show    Festival of Lion King   .I enjoyed the roller costal ride of Space Mountain and Orbitron in Tomorrow Land. I even got a chance to drive UFO is    UFO Zone   .There was a spectacular fire show in the evening in Cinderella   s Carousel. I also attended a class in which I learnt how to draw Mickey Mouse in simple steps. This was great. Inside Disneyland, it is not easy to get any vegetarian food but I enjoyed my Pepsi along with finger chips. We spend two complete days in Disneyland and saw almost everything. We also did some shopping on second day which is costly as per Indian standards.
we enjoyed our tour to Disneyland. We loved the Lion King Show and we really had fun on the rides. We loved the souvenirs but i think they were a bit pricey. But the place is really amazing. We'll come back and bring our kids in the future.  )
We went to Hong Kong Disneyland for a Day and we tried out the attractions we were really pleasd to see the quality of the rides and the kindness of the staff there. Then we went to the Cafe on Main Street and the food was delectable the Marble Cheescake was fabulous. The guide for the Safari boat ridde is hilarious and made the trip even more enjoyable. The parade was fantastic and the characters and flaots were amazing too! We all had a blast and we will definately stay there next time we head to Hong Kong
Yes this Disneyland is small but it enables you to ride everything and you can meet all characters. Fantasy Gardens is the 1st of its kind in the world where all Disney characters are situated at their own spot and you can line up to meet greet photograph with them.
Stopped in HK for a couple of days in mid Jan and spent one day at Disneyland. It was easy to get to and there was minimal queueing for the rides (5 mins max when we went). Lost to keep a 4 year old occupied. The parade was great too and the food was not a rip off. Would recommend.
A very enjoyable day   getting there at 9am was a good idea.  We managed to visit three of the top roller coaster rides in just half an hour with no queues!  Food not expensive either.
This was the first disneyland i went to so i didn't know what to expect. Overall, i had lot of fun and took some great pictures. Highlights:  Interesting displays, parks and structures to take photos  Souvenirs and clothing were quite reasonably priced  Staff spoke english.Lowlights:  Queues for the rides were quite long and waited on average 20 30 minutes. Maybe because it was Chinese New Year period (February).
We went to Disneyland with our 2 yr old son & we had a gala time! We loved the shows, the attractions & the stalls! Of course, it was a bit smaller in size than the other Disneyland, but it was quite fun. Even transportation with the city is extremely good! So, don't worry, just go and have fun!
I really enjoyed the recently completed  It's a small world' ride, and the Winnie the Pooh ride   those were a blast from the past and are great retro fun. I was surprised at how much fun I had with the Buzz Aldrin ride   how can you not with a first person shooter ride. Space Mountain was worth a couple of repeat visits too. But I think the overall highlight, as an adult Westerner, was the surreal experience of being at a Disneyland world in Asia. In particular, watching Asians marvel over American culture is both entertaining and perplexing. I went in the summer of 2007, but had to leave prematurely due to a typhoon (level 8)warning. The worst of the storm ended up bypassing Hong Kong. I managed to get a free pass for a future visit as a result, so I went again the following summer. I got to experience an actual level 8 typhoon in the summer of 2008   but not while I was at Disneyland :)
Disneyland Hong Kong is a very nice counterpart of the one in Anaheim. I especially love the ride where we can drive. I am a child and I love driving. The other rides, shops and the Hollywood Hotel are good too.
We were a party of 2 families comprising 3 adults & 3 kids (2, 4 & 5yr old) & visited the Park early Dec '09. Felt that this Park is very much aimed at children from 2 7yrs old so it was perfect for our kids. And because the Park wasnt big, we did not feel overwhelmed by the no. of must dos as this is our kids' 1st Disneyland outing. On top of that, it was a slightly overcast day with threat of rain (although it didnt rain) so there really wasnt that much of a crowd. We did not have to queue for more than 15mins on any of the rides!! How do you top that??!! My son went on Space Mountain 3 times and it was a walk through every time. The more popular rides like Dumbo Elephant & Winnie the Pooh required 10 15mins wait at the most. Oh, our god daughter had to queue 30 45mins to take pictures with the princesses though..  ) The shows were spectacular, especially the Lion King. Very well done! The parade is a must see as well and the fireworks were spectacular. Overall, we did Fantasyland & Tomorrowland many times over and some of Adventureland (for some reasons, kid werent that interested in the Treehouse or boatride..). We went back again the following day on the same pass (special promo if u stay at the hotel) for a few hours before our flight later in the day. Even though the Sun was out this time round, the crowd wasnt that big and again, we didnt have to queue more than 15mins for the rides, safe for 1   the autocar ride and that was the least interesting of the rides for the kids! The food on the other hand, was appalling. I mean, how difficult is it to get a hotdog right??! The variety was there but the quality badly needs work.. Merchandising was also commendable. They had these cute battery operated toys with a Disney character and attachments that go round with various colored lights.. pricey but the kids when nuts over it. Uh.. so did i to be honest! Very Disney & very appropriate. Overall kids had a fabulous time and so did we.. would definitely come back again before the kids get too old to enjoy this particular Disneyland park!  )
Great day we went about 10th of January 2010. The longest queue was getting to Golden Mickeys before they closed the gates. Every ride we went on you just walked straight on or waited for the ride to finish.BEST: Space Mountain, The Parade and Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters. Good: Jungle River Cruise, The Many Adventures of the Pooh, Fireworks and The Golden Mickeys.Average: Dumbo The Flying Elephant, Carousel and The Mad Hatters Tea Cups.Disappointed: Orbitron, ( Same as Dumbo but not based on a movie. Doesn't feel as real.) The Festival of The Lion King, ( Most people like this show but i find it boring. I have watched the movie.) and Tarzans Treehouse.CLOSED: Autopia and Its a Small World.Good but i haven't been to other Disneyland's. Has magic and characters are great. Not very thrilling rides gold coast is better for thrill seekers.
Yes, this Disneyland is small. Yes, there aren't as many attractions as other Disneylands. Having said that, none of this matters when you have two children aged 6 and 3 and they're blown away by the magic of Disney.This is the perfect park to visit with younger kids. The rides were certainly aimed at this age group (except for Space Mountain) and the longest wait we had for a ride was 5 mins for Winnie The Pooh! We would go through Buzz Lightyears' Astro Blaster then walk straight back on again! Never experienced this at ANY theme park before, let alone a Disney one!The performances of The Festival of The Lion King, The Golden Mickey's and High School Musical Live were wonderful (catering for both English and Cantonese speakers) as were the 3 D Philharmagic movie and the interactive Stich Encounter. The fireworks were also amazing.Food not ridiculously priced and had a wide choice of cuisines. Again, never had to wait for food as park was relatively quiet (visited early January).Having visited Disney Parks in the US and Europe I was still excited by Hong Kong Disneyland and would certainly recommend this as a fantastic option for those with younger kids (especially if coming from Asia Pacific as travel time is nothing compared to flying to the US!)
Having been to all of the Disneylands (except Tokyo), I find this one to be small but manageable. Our family of four went in late December (but not on a weekend) and the crowds were manageable. If you are looking for big rides (like the Disneyland in Calif or Florida), you will not find it here. HK Disneyland incorporates some of the attractions from the Magic Kingdom (Philharmagic   which is one of my most favorite attractions in all of the Disneylands) and the Lion King show (from Animal Kingdom). The Golden Mickeys show was a lot of fun and enjoyable. HK Disneyland doesn't have the rides but it has show and entertainment. Even the rides are toned down (compared to the US like Space Mountain).What did I like about it? Since it was smaller (only 2 fast pass rides), the price was lower and the food was very affordable. You could buy a whole fried chicken dinner (including drinks) for HK$50 (US $6). When we were at the Paris Disneyland earlier this year, even a small hot dog was 10e ((US $15). Plus the service at Paris Disneyland was atrocious (see my other review). The admission tickets were much lower than the US and France also. It's a relief to not be gouged at this Disney Park. The customer service was excellent   cast members were responsive to my questions (directions, merchandise in the stores etc). The cast members even help you carry your food to your table and clean up (bus all your plates) for you at these fast food places (with a smile). The food was not your normal theme park food   there were noodles, won tons, pork chops, chicken wings etc.(along with American food too) .Since I have been on many big rides at the other Disney parks, I did not miss them   plus I enjoy shows. Small World was very cute   it had all the characters from the Disney movies and it was decorated for Xmas. The cast members gave each guest a disposable pair of glasses to view the lights on Main Street (and all the lights twinkled when you used the glasses).What didn't I like about it? You have to take 3 different subway trains to get there (from Causeway Bay you switch 3 times and it take about 45 minutes to get there). Going back when the park closes (which is right after the fireworks) is a nightmare because everyone is trying to get on the subway train (most people in HK take the subway there, they do not drive). The park should try to have the fireworks earlier so that people can leave before closing time. There are only 3 lands, not 4 lands to visit so it is much smaller. The subway train from Sunny Bay to Disneyland was so magical   it had Mickey windows, plush seats and the ring holders on the rail were shaped like Mickey.All in all, an interesting and pleasant Disney Park.
Disney land Hong kong is one of the beautiful theme park in the world. Located in an island, this theme park attract all visitors. The best time to visit the place is during christmas . The disneyland activities are concentrated on three different lands  called fantasy land, Tommorrow Land, Adventure land . In the evening ,there is the parade of all disney characters dressed up in X mas attires and it is a real treat to watch. The falling of artifical snow add to christmas atmosphere. Fancy dressed staff wearing Disney characters will arracts children to take pictures with them. The rides in tommorrow land and adventure land are very exciting. The funny trip through the train is a rare experience. It ends with a grand lighting up of castle and the lighting up of the sky with the fireworks . The Golden Mickie Show, The 3D show of Mickey's Magic and the Lion king show is very attractive and worth to watch. The trip to tarzen world and the boat ride with a lot of suspense views are of thrilling experience.
Have just visited hongkong disneyland ...and it is amazing ...though wot people say tht it is very small then i guess thts true as we covered the entire disneyland in say 7 hours. I have never been to any other disneyland so cant comment overall.... This was fun and going there is also very easy. Either go via ferry to disneyland or the best way is take the train ...MTR ..... take train to sunny bay and then change to disneyland from there... the train also has theme of disney characters . Nice shows there must see is the Lion King... They perfrom very well .. also watch Golden mickeys show...good one .... but last but not the least dont forget to watch the fireworks at 8:00 PM .. they are spectacular...amazing .....Overall i enjoied a lot ....
I've been to Disney in Orlando, Paris and Tokyo   and now also Hong Kong. This is by far the smallest one with the fewest attractions, and also it's the newest one. The castle is the same one as in the original Disneyland in California. I can't see why they chose that one over the much more impressing ones they have in Orlando and Tokyo, or the cute one in Paris. It was like the park was missing a center point, or a land mark. Sad. I was there on November 21st, the day after the Christmas decorations arrived. It was quite beautiful. I ate at the Main Street Corner Cafe, which had effecient service and the food was not too bad for a theme park. I was so happy to find something other than junk food! The junk food is usally the worst thing about Disney parks, along with the lines. This park had no lines. I waited at 10 minutes at the most for any attraction. Not even Space Mountain had a long line. I didn't like their version of Space Mountain so much, and it was so sad that they don't have Splash Mountain or Big Thunder Mountain Railroad. I don't understand why anyone would build a Disney park wihtout these attractions. They are the best that the Magic Kingdom parks has to offer. Some original attractions would have been good for this park too. Something along the lines of Expedition Everest, but with a real Disney theme. I REALLY appreciated that their shows are in English! I watched The Festival of the Lion King. In Tokyo all the shows are in Japanese, sadly for those of us who don't understand the language. I'm very glad that I visited Hong Kong Disneyland, mainly so that I can compare it to the other parks. It's a charming and small park, but I finished it a few hours and feel no need to go back there again. Just not enough attractions for me, sorry. I feel like something went wrong here in the planning stages of the park. First of all, a park needs good attractions! Second, it needs land marks. All the good parks has them. Magic Kingdom has the castle, Hollywood Studios the hat, Epcot the  golf ball  and Animal Kingdom the tree. Four  lands  is also not enough. Main Street is not even a real land, as it doesn't have any rides. When planning a Disney park, it's important to remember that it's not mainly for kids. It must appeal to adults too. After all, they are the ones to bring their kids there. Someone should have hired me as a Disney theme park planner. Also, I bought lots of toys in a store there, and they told me that I would receive a gift if I spent more than a certain amount, so I made sure to spent a tiny bit extra just so I would reach that amount. They gave me no gift! What a scam.
I have not been to other Disneyland but also think that HK Disney is indeed small but very nice and well maintained. There are only rides for kids so it was perfect for my 5 yr old daughter, and even my 60 yrs old parents went on some rides. We went straight to Fantacy Land and spent most of our time there. The rides were short and quick. Queuing time for the rides was not too long (less than 10 minutes) but waiting time to see shows were more. Although the park is not big but you need at least the whole day to see and play all the games. We got there a bit late at 12noon so we missed some shows. Must stay to watch the fireworks at 7pm. The staffs in the park were basically very helpful but bear in mind not trolley bag is allowed in the park we had to pay 40HKD to store our bag at the entrance
I live in Florida and have been to WDW tons of times with my family; I really don't care for any of the Disney parks, but found this one pretty tolerable. We had a free day in Hong Kong recently and my sister convinced me to accompany ehr to the HK Disneyland. I reluctanlty agreed to go only becasue we arrnaged roeuntrip transfers in one of the Peninusla Hotel's Rolls Royces. The weather was eprfect and I was pelasantly surprised to see there were no crowds at the park. We went on every ride we wanted to go and didn;t have to wait more thna 5 minutes in any fo them. The aprk is also rather small so we did everything we wnated to do in a couple of hours. Also, they charge you less than going to any of the WDW parks in Florida, would reocmmend it to anyone who's into Dieny with time to kill in Hong Kong.
We were in Hong Kong with our family on a business trip and had  a day to kill  before taking the plane home. Disneyland HK was a really good choice. It was easy to get too with the Disney Metro train and our kids 4, 7 and 12 had a wonderful time as all attractions are catered towards the younger ones.We had time to go on almost all the rides, but didn't see any shows. There weren't too many people and we got to ride several times on our favorite game... Buzz Lightyear! As it was pre halloween, there were special  scary attractions  set up all around the park and ghoulish pirates prowling around... very fun :)The food was surprising for us westerners as it was nice healthy Asian food instead of the usual greasy hamburgers and friends. A nice change. We sadly didn't have time to see the famous fireworks which we were told are amazing.
Visited HK last week with my kids (10&12 years) who are really keen amusement park fans. We had high hopes for the HK Disneyland as we know how their other resorts can be. But what a lettdown it was: park is small, the only proper ride is a short indoor coaster! All other rides are for small kids, aged 2 8 years at most. The park is full of merchandise shops with overpriced souvenirs. For kids of age over 10 years, the park offers amusement for 15 minutes   what a rip off! Enjoy the plastic elephants and crocs in Adventure Land... The next day we went to Ocean Park   that we can recommend! Great rides etc, do not miss that. Avoid Disneyland.
vacation spot for families with kids in Hong kong.Tho' not as big in size,but well maintained and with good activities for minimum two days(saturday & sunday).rides are safe and rare panda is unique attraction.space mountain,jungle trip are worth mentioning.not very expensive and it is worth the money you spend.you should visit before may june before the summer season.
My kids and I have been to Disney World in Orlando 5 times in the past 3 years. We were travelling to Hong Kong and decided that we would check out HK Disneyland. The park is small, but we loved it. The crowds are very low compared to WDW and the rides are similar to some of the more popular rides that you can find at WDW. We loved the fact that we could ride Dumbo 5 hours after the park opened with no wait. There can be an hour wait as soon as the park opens at Magic Kingdom in WDW.
This is a small Disneyland and has rides only for the kids. That's exactly what's perfect about it. We had our 2 daughters  aged 8 and 3 and it couldn't have got any better. Did so many rides it was just unbelievable. No rush, no major crowds  did the Madhatter's Tea Cups and Dumbo more than once   with no waiting!!!. The staff are excellent, the area small and manageable and the kids were delighted. Would go back here anytime.
I live in HK, so I take my 3 year old son to Disneyland very often, but I am continually frustrated by the number of rude adults that attend and do not show any consideration of small children in lines   even to see the kids parade b c they want to be standing right up front! Yesterday (Monday) we waited for ages to get on a car ride... and 80% of the people were adults. I think they need an express lane for kids...they usually need to go to the toilet after 1 hour... oh sorry, you must line up again! uuurrgghh!!And what is it with 30 year old women acting like Minnie Mouse anyway?! Sure...re live your childhood, but be kind to the small child who is also  itching  to see Winnie the Pooh!
The park was a maaaajor disappointment for us adults. It only had one ride for adults   the famous Space Mountain   & that was it. And all the attractions were miniature sized! There was no variety in any of the services ranging from food to shopping. And everything was overpriced including the tickets. We arrived at the park at 10am, and left by 1pm. There was nothing to do there. A waste of precious time & money.
Visited Hong Kong Disneyland in September 2008. It was much much smaller than we expected and there really weren't that many rides   the rides they do have are very 'kiddy'. The only one that is geared more towards adults is Space Mountain. We went mid week and didn't have to queue for long at anything, which we were grateful for as it was very hot! There isn't a lot of shelter in the park, so make sure you wear a hat and take sunscreen. Also make sure you take water with you! The shows were the real highlight   particularly the Lion King show which blew us away. Most of the food places were closed for some reason so we weren't left with a lot of choice, but what we did have was okay value for money. Wouldn't return in a hurry, but glad we went.
I spent the better part of a day at the Disney Park. If you read the reviews before you travel, you should realize that the park is very small. It is very crowded during the summer and above all, avoid it on weekends. Not a bad price for a one day pass and even the souvenirs are not overpriced (like most Disney parks). If you have a day to kill, it's a great place to visit.
This is my Fourth Disney Park visit, only Japan is missing.But Hongkong Disney was a bit of let down: way too small. We started at 1400pm until the Fireworks. Most rides were fun, but still short.(If you wait 20 minutes for a ride which is over in like 5minutes you know what I mean)All Live Showes were excellent though:High School Musical, Water Parade, Lion King, Fireworks etc: Disney DELIVERS!Stitch Encounter was Amazing, so was Mickeys Philharmagic!!Most Dissapointing ride though was Autopia:Waiting Time app.45 minutes, ride max 10minutes in an electric car. Mosquito bites everywhere. Missed out on a photo up with Buzz Lightyear while were riding.Luckily got some pics with Woody. Cinderella looked beautiful, but too long waiting line.However my son was happy and that`s more important than mosquito bites!!Hopefully it will be much better with the upcoming 2 worlds.
Whilst this is a nice place to spend an afternoon, I don't think it's good value for 350HKD   there are only 3 worlds, I got bored and left after only a few hours.On the plus side, there were very few lines when I was there (mid week in summer) and the cotton candy was cheap and fun.A tip: stock up on bottled water at the 7 eleven cart at the railway station.
We visited HK Disneyland at the end of May with our 2 children (ages 7 and 9) on a Monday and a Tuesday. Being weekdays the Park wasn't at all crowded and I am sure that the rain on Monday definitely deterred people from visiting the Park   but not us! We bought a Disney rain poncho for our son which doubled as a souvenir and we thought it was very reasonably priced at HK$45. In fact we did not find the Disney merchandise to be overly expensive when comparing to the cost of buying souvenirs from tourist attractions in Sydney.The Park is beautifully landscaped and meticulously maintained. The quality of construction throughout the Park is exemplary (my husband is a Civil Engineer and couldn't stop marvelling at the quality of all the fittings and finishings); there has been no expense spared. The toilets were immaculate and even the food from the outlets was well priced. The Park is large enough but not to the point of being daunting. It was perfect for our kids as the rides weren't too scary and the queues (sometimes no queues at all) were very short and there was hardly any waiting time. Which meant that for some rides we hopped off and straight back on again! And again...We had a  Stay and Play  ticket through our accommodation at the DisneyLand Hotel, which entitles you to an extra day when purchasing a 1 day ticket. Staying at the DisneyLand Hotel was well worth the expense!Having 2 days to explore DisneyLand afforded us a nice and leisurely pace. On the 1st day we arrived at the Park at about 2pm, met Minnie and Mickey, rode Space Mountain and explored TomorrowLand before watching the Lion King Show which is worth the price of the ticket alone   it was spectacular. We stayed until the Fireworks over Cinderella's Castle at 8pm   which is an absolute must. The following day was spent re visiting our favourite rides, watching the Disney Parade and High School Musical Performances, and after my husband and son retreated to the Hotel; my daughter and I stayed to meet all the Princesses (she was on a mission).All of the Cast Members were friendly and effiicient and always helpful. And always willing to take our camera for a family photo. They made a big fuss of my daughter who celebrated her birthday in May   and on almost every ride wished her a  Happy Birthday  over the PA system. She was given handfuls of Disney stickers whenever a Cast Member spotted her birthday badge   even the cleaners had stickers to hand out! I doubt that such attention and service would have been paid to guests at any of the larger US Disney Parks. Don't believe any of the negative comments you may hear or read about   you've got to experience HK Disneyland for yourself and decide. Yes it is probably much smaller than the US Disney parks; and yes it probably would be a bit lame for teenaged kids; and yes it is full of Chinese and Mainland Chinese (we ARE in Hong Kong, China after all). My husband and I thought the visit to DisneyLand would please the children and provide them with a highlight on our 2 week holiday. As adults we both thoroughly enjoyed DisneyLand and had great fun. It was a brilliant and magical experience which exceeded my expectations.
Hong Kong Disneyland is a truly amazing place both for kids and adults alike. Beginning from the hotel   the Hotel Disneyland with its beautifully manicured lawns in the shapes of Disney characters to the wall paintings and murals of your favourite characters it really makes one's anticipation of fun filled times to come more exciting.  You step into your room and immediately notice the small things which add to the excitement   from the monogrammed slippers in the bathroom to the toiletries with Disney characters printed on them. At breakfast the kids will fall over themselves meeting their favourites like Mickey, Minnie, Pluto, Goofy and gang who obligingly pose for snaps with them.  At the entrance to the park   the sense of excitement increases with people swarming in queues to enter the park and kids chattering and running all over the place in mad delight.  There is something for everyone at Disneyland. You will find yourself being dragged by the kids from ride to ride and from one amazing show to the next. You will see adults like yourself running to join long lines to get in first into arenas and for various rides. The shows mentioned are jaw dropping and you will find youself standing and clapping wildly just like the 5 year old beside you.  The restaurants are packed with people from all over the world and the fare served is delicious wholesome and good value for money. And all those rides certainly make you a lot hungrier. The stores are a big draw with their attractive merchandise which will make you spend a good couple of hours shopping for kids and the folks back home too.  The best time of the day is at night when the fireworks display begins. Disney at night with the fireworks going off all around is truly memorable and the main item in the whole day. Then you dont really want to leave and you wander around as much as possible till the park closes. You ideally need 2 whole days to explore all Disneyland HK has to offer so you dont miss a bit of anything.  I would love to go again soon if anything to see the joy on a kids face. A truly captivating break from the real world if only for a few days.  As they say in Disneyland   Have a magical day!
When booking my trip to Hong Kong i didn`t realise that there was a Disneyland there, so when I discovered there was I couldn`t wait to visit. As with other members I had read quite negative reviews about it, but I thought it was fantastic! We went at the end of May on a week day and so it was so quiet you didn`t have to queue for any of the rides. This meant that as big kids we could go on the horses, the tea cups and the boat rides time and time again if you wanted. You probably wouldn`t want any longer here than a day or two at the most as the park isn`t massive, but it is enough to give you a disney experience!
If you are travelling with kids to Hong Kong they would absolutely love visiting Disneyland. It   s a fun day out and well worth the effort to experience.. There are some impressive deals available if you search for them. As a day visitor and only staying overnight in Hong Kong we got a special day price by just presenting our passports at the ticket office.We decided to visit as I   ve never been to Disneyland and thought why not have some fun before heading off on our around the world trip. We went on a weekday so it was very quite and we didn   t have to line up for any of the rides. Except we did notice a huge queue for having photo   s taken with Minnie Mouse. (cute).The park is a good size not too big so it was easy for us to stroll around and explore the fantasy world of Disneyland. My hubby and I had a ball just mucking around on the rides we particularly liked the adventure ride through the jungle   great fun ! There   s Fantasyland , Adventureland , Tomorrowland and Main Street shops. There are plenty of places to eat and we had lunch at a food court which was great. The Lantau taxis (Blue) provide service between Hong Kong Disneyland to the airport which can be found outside the entrance of Disneyland or outside Hong Kong Airport. If there   s a little kid in you will totally enjoy the magic of Disneyland and the kids they will have a marvellous time.
The best part of our first trip to HK!! Me, hubby n son (3YO) went to HK on the 1st wk of May 09, and I must say the HK Disneyland was the most enjoyable part! :) It was a magical dream that came true   for all of us   could see the sparkles in our son's eyes (nw he wants us to call him Buzz Lightyr) from the moment we board the disneyland mtr until the end of the fireworks. The shows were a must see, all professionally performed and well arranged   Festival of Lion King, Golden Mickey's must not be missed. Of course there was the entertaining Stitch Encounter and yes, the Philharmagic   that was fun   'Buzz Lightyr' kept complaining till nw that the nauti Donald Duck splashed water on him :). The rides were great too   obviously 'Buzz' kept insisting for the Buzz Lightyr Astroblaster ride over n over again   luckily there was practically no Q. The Pooh ride n it's a small world were fun too. The many favourite characters around for pix taking certainly were the highlights   Mickey, Minnie, Goofy, Pluto, Pooh Bear, Jessie (without Woody thou), BUZZ lightyr, and not forgetting the Princesses Belle, Aurora, Cinderella, Snow White where our 'Buzz' became their prince..haha..he certainly enjoyed! We missed a few others thou. And to wrap up the magical moment, staying at the Disney hotel was certainly the right choice we made! Kudos to Disney, cast members and the entire team! It certainly brought out the 'child' within us and everything were so magical and wonderful, a dream that came alive! :) We would certainly make another trip to Disneyland!
I went to Disneyland in Hong Kong in January 2009 with my family. We had two standard double rooms in the Disneyland Hotel. Both had 2 king sized beds. I could not fault them,they were clean and well furnished. The bathroom was large with plenty of toileteries and we were provided with slippers which included small ones for the children. The hotel was full as it was Chinese New Year and it was decorated for this event. The staff were helpful and pleasant. I had read some review before I went but I did not find any of the faults that others had found. We had room service breakfast which for 3 adults and 3 children was cheaper and quicker than the restaurant. It also enabled us to be at Disneyland before the crowds. We ate in the restaurant in the evening and the food was superb. The whole experience was fantastic.
we were travelling with my 14 year old nephew and my mother and I was really worried that we would not have a good time as I heard this was smaller than Disneyland in the USA (and I've been to both Disneyland and DisneyWorld) ! How wrong I was ! From the moment was arrived at Sunny Bay station to transfer to the Disney line you could see the theming staff in unform, disney colours and the disney train with mouse ear windows and statues of characters inside. The entry plaza and water feature were great ! I was really worried after reading reviews on this site that the teenager would be bored but we ride space mountain 6 times and the Buzz lightyear ride 5 times and still missed many rides. The food was less expensive than we thought, the queues were a lot shorter also. We visited on April 22nd. The Lion King show was almost a feature theatre performance in its own right ! Loved our day at disney and we all could have done it again the next day as we ran out of time to see everything ! Some staff are better than others  the first time we did the jungle cruise the guide was hilarious but the second time the girl we got was simply reading a script (or it sounded like that). nothwithstanding a great place to visit even if you don't have kids ! Only negative was that the only ATMS are all the way back at the main entry point so a bit of a hike !
It was truely unbelieavable till i actually visited the place. Its the place for all   young kinds to matured adults. Ultimate rides and food available amidst our own favourate Comic Characters.
A great place to be 'DisneyLand @ HK ' , mezmerizing experience , was fun and frolic all the way.   Must see for all the children . greatly recommended for adults too ... a serious stress buster.
I have been to DisneyWorld and Disneyland many times so I had to go to the Hong Kong Park. I was not disappointed  we went Easter weekend but it was empty. The park is small but still captures the Disney experience. Everyone was friendly and the place is so clean. By US standards the entrance price was inexpensive for an amusement park and the food was not cheap as in all parks like this. Great time  my two 16 year olds had fun  can't beat Buzz Lightyear!
Is a great place in HK but a little over ticket pricing. However, it;s pleasure place for my little 1..
We had travelled to HK with a visit to Disneyland with our children and niece (aged 9 to 15) as a priority. In summary, the tickets were expensive for the amenities, the park was small with limited rides, one of which was closed, the park hours were too short. We were also asked to pay to deposit a bag we did not choose to deposit. We missed the fireworks show because we were caught in a ride that broke down.Details:When we bought tickets we were told the buzz lightyear ride was under repair. No discount will be given even with that important ride missing. Hours were only 10:30am to 730pm. Tickets were HKD350 (adult), 250 (children), 170 (Senior citizens) allowing for all rides, unlimited. No discounts for those who choose not to take any rides.Upon entering, we already encountered bad service. We were not allowed to bring in a small handcarry bag because it had wheels. We were pulled aside in the queue and told to deposit the bag at the guest relations who told us we had to pay HKD40 to deposit the bag. Of course I did not relent. First of all, we did not choose to leave this bag. It had towels, medicines, extra clothes that our asthmatic children needed. The wheels were a the convenience. That this is not allowed was not specified in their website and yet they singled this bag out. Now don't tell me I will have to pay to leave the bag! After going back and forth between security and guest relations, and calling the supervisor, they allowed us to leave the bag without charge. Of course we had wasted about 15 mins. of our precious time there. After Space Mountain, we searched for other fun rides (log ride? rafting river ride?). There was only the Autopia ride after which we would ride the Space Mountain again. The 45 minute wait turned into 75 minutes because of technical difficulties. There was no more time to take the last ride nor see the fireworks show till the last few minutes. What were we offered for our trouble? A cardboard frame with Disney characters. After some prodding with customer relations to give us a chance to see the fireworks the next day, we were offered stuffed toys. Hong Kong Disneyland is not for those who are looking for great unique rides especially those in the pre teens and teen years. Don't bring grandma along anymore as it costs too much. Start early because much of the day is spent queuing and the hours are short, even on a non peak time like a Friday in March. This attraction can be skipped in a trip to Hong Kong with the family.
This was our first trip overseas with 2 children (ages 6 &2). We spent 2 full days in Disneyland. We LOVED it. My children loved it. They do need some more rides but saying that, we were busy for those whole 2 days. My daughters fav (6yr old) was its a Small World. That ride was just beautiful, amazing, and if you ride it at night, the lights are just beautiful. My sons fav ride (2yr old) was Pooh Bear. It is very cute as you sit in a honey pot to go around the ride and smile at the end for your photo. We got lots of autographs in our book, and the characters are always around. The parade was fantastic and the fireworks were just beautiful. Would love to go back again.
It has always been a dream of mine to visit disneyland, so we booked a trip to Hong Kong with my family(my 2 children and my sisters and their children).It was awesome, we went on 2 seperate days, once at night to experience the magical fireworks( which I definetly recommend) and during the day. My children and nephews had a ball as did all the adults. the food was excellent as was the price for everything at disney land. The characters are all there as soon as the gates open. we can't wait to go back!!
We spent one and half days here. The place is just magical. The characters are so charming and cute. The food was pricey but good enough. The rides are great and such a thrill. My son's favorite is the flying dumbo. Two thumbs up to the Golden Mickey! We went on the river adventure 3 times! The fireworks was a delight. However, some locals do cut in line, like hello, line up and wait for your turn, a little respect please! The souvenirs are expensive also. The stroller for rent was a big help. The park is memorable and magical. Thanks for making our dream come true!
The place, itself, is magical. Most of the staff members are friendly and accommodating. We were there on a Monday and the place was packed. The lines were a bit too long and a lot of people were rude and uncouth. There were a couple of Chinese people who were trying to cut lines and a lot of them can't understand english. They should place staff members who can guide (guard) people waiting in line. I also noticed that some would deliberately disobey the height requirement for the rides. I even saw a toddler in the Space Mountain ride.During the parade, the Disney employees who were in charge of the rope to keep the crowd away from the floats were cranky and ill mannered. One even snapped at my kid for merely touching the rope! Sure, they do it every single day and it's quite tiring doing the same task over and over again but, hey, they're working for Disney and the job requirements are courtesy and a smiling face. Also, for tourists, especially the OLDER TOURISTS, they should realize that Disneyland is really made for children and they should avoid pushing children aside and blocking little people half their size just so they could see Mickey Mouse closer. It was downright disgusting seeing this middle aged Caucasian man blocking the view of the parade with his huge luggage and practically having a tantrum when I asked him to put it aside so my kids could at least see the parade. What an embarrassment to his generation. Well, it's not really Disneyland's responsibility how we were all brought up... But they really should add more people to guide (guard) tourists    and train them well to be more accommodating, more courteous and speak better English.Aside from those, Disneyland is really a beautiful, magical place. The place is wonderful, itself. It was like stepping into another dimension where everything is pure, fun and happy. There were restaurants and food carts at every corner. The restrooms were all big (no lines!) and clean. The rides and attractions were enjoyable enough that you would want to see ride them again. There were just so many wonderful things to do that a single visit isn't enough.I loved Disneyland and we will definitely come back here again.  )
We visited Disneyland Hong Kong last week with the two children (5 and 7) and had a wonderful time.We stayed in the Disney Hollywood Hotel for three nights which in my opinion although the hotel is great was a night too long. There is nowhere else to go for dinner unless going back into central Hong Kong and the meals in the hotel were not value for money. This has to be my only gripe about the hotel though and it was great for my two boistorous children.The park was beautiful   clean and friendly with everything multilingual which helped as we only speak English. My daughter was awestruck by meeting the Disney princesses and stated that Disneyland was definitely the best place on Earth.My husband and I have visited all the Disneylands   Hong Kong is smaller feeling and the rides are not as big as some of the other parks but the all time favourites such as It's a Small World etc are there and the lines are not. I think the longest we waited was about 15 mins.The parade was not as interactive as some of the other parades that I have seen and very choreographed even Mickey and the princesses who were waving to the crowd had set movements they were making.I paid extra on the first morning for eary entry and breakfast with the characters which I found to be a total waste of money. Breakfast was expensive, food not that great and service all over the place.The kids had fun though and this was the main thing. If it is too expensive to get to some of the other parks Disney Hong Kong iwould definitely suffice.
Hi,The best way to reach is mtr. We stayed in prudential hotel in tshim sha tsui the mtr was in underground and it hardly took 40 minutes time to reach disneyland. Its the best place to be in hong kong full of excitements.My tip : don't go on weekends or holidays the ticket charges are more and also u have to meet long waiting time for all attractions.The disney parade was TOO GOOD. we went there 3 days before christmas and we enjoyed the snow parade that was worth seeing !!I highly recommend this place to all visitors its WORTH EVERY PENNY.
Myself and my husband and our 1year old baby visited Disneyland in early November. We stayed in the Disney Hollywood Hotel and spent a day in the park. We loved it! We have visited Disney World in FL and have to say that everything about the Hong Kong park was great. The park was spotless clean, the staff were very friendly, no queues and plenty of things to do and see. Our son loved it   would definitely recommend a day or two visit for families with young children.This is not Disney Orlando, California, or Paris, but we loved it. Having been to Orlando, this has very few of the big rides, but it fewer lines and less crowds. I would not recommend this for teenagers, but for my 1 year old it was a blast! No massive lines means happier children and happier parents. We went on a tuesday so the crowds weren't too bad.We enjoyed the fireworks that night and we felt we were children again...Overall, loved hong kong and would definitely love to come back.
We went there on the 31st December 2008 (New year eve). To go there, it is easily accessible via train, bus, taxi and travel agent. The cost of getting inside the park is around HK$300 . At the main entrance, we were given a 3 Dimensional specs to be used after dark. Four main parks: 1. Main Street: The place is tremendous, beautiful, full of shops selling Disneyland goodies, restaurants and the main route for the parade. We have a lot of pictures with mickey and other cartoon character.2. Tommorrowland: Spacelike place such as space mountain, buzzyear, space diner and so on. Unable to enter the stitch performance due to high queue up.3. Fantasyland: Suitable for young ages.4. Adventureland: My favourite part is the jungle cruise where we saw a lot of fake animal but trust me, it looks real and FUN. The tour guide for the cruise was funny and friendly. We watched the Lion King Festival  one of the kind, very well peformed, thumbs up. Very recommended. But i lost my spectacles..Haha5. Firework at 9.00pm were excellent but short while. It could be longer than that. We went back at 10.00pm. Very tiring but AMAZE by the park.
Myself and my husband and our four year old son visited Disneyland in early November. We stayed in the Disneyland Hotel and spent a day and a half in the park. We loved it! We have visited almost all the other Disney parks bar Tokyo (next on the list!) and have to say, everything about the Hong Kong park was great. The park was spotless clean, the staff were very friendly, no queues and plenty of things to do and see. Our son loved it   would definitely recommend a day or two visit for families with young children.
The HongKong Disneyland was a good but not great experience for me, but if one were to be tired of shopping and eating and looking for a bit of amusement, it will be a good alternative away from the bustling city centre!Location:The HK Disneyland is located some 45minutes travel (by taxi) away from the City. A cheaper alternative will be to travel by train... where ultimately you would be boarding a mickey mouse train! It was my first time boarding such a train and I was highly amused by the Mickey Shaped Windows and Handles and decorations of the train. A sight not to be missed.What to expect there?There are not much rides in the Disneyland as what I had expected. I guess if you are looking for roller coaster rides you would have to journey to the Ocean Park.As for Disneyland, the only thrilling ride i considered was at the children's theme park, whereby it's a roller coaster in a black hole. The rest are not of much thrills.Another highlight of it will be the tarzan's house. The concept of it is quite refreshing... but it's more of a sightseeing and not really a thrilling adventure.Shops:Quite a variety of souvenirs to buy and prices are reasonable. I see alot of happy children. Downside:The disney theme park is actually kind of small... where you could typically finish touring and have fun within 2 hours at most... There are some fireworks at night but I didnt catch it as i had finished exploring the whole theme park by 3pm! No point waiting till 7 8pm... I'll be left stranded. The tip will be to go to the disney theme park later in the afternoon!Have fun!
This is our 3rd trip to HK disneyland. Was there in 2005 6 not long after they open, and the park was awful then, but seems to have improve slowly over time.We are a family of Disney affectionados. Have been to Disney World, Disneyland Anaheim and Tokyo Disneyland more than fifty times combined. We feel that HK Disneyland is really too small to be called a Disneyland. It has way too few rides and attractions. We came to HK Disneyland to see the new Small World attraction. It was perhaps the best small world of all the disney parks, with numerous disney characters like mulan, simba, peter pan, aladdin and more, all in the same style as the other dolls. The entire area right next to Golden Mickeys was also very well done. However, we were VERY disappointed with the Stich Encounter attraction. This attraction is so small and the wait is so long (over 45 minutes), it is not worth it. Actually we thought the show area was just a pre show area, it was tiny and very poorly done. It is very obvious this attraction was hashed together last minute to address the shortfall of attractions in this park.I seriously hope that HK Disneyland could include more signature disney attractions available in all other parks, namely Haunted Mansion, Splash Mountain, Big Thunder Mountain and Toontown. Every year, the park failed to meet attendance expectation and it says a lot about the quality of this park.Basically, this park is good only for small children and people who has never been to Disney. Grow up and be a real disney park, HK disneyland!
We spent 5 days in Hong Kong which was definitely not enough because there are just sooooo many things to do and visit. HK Disneyland was in our top list to go to in HK. We went by MTR which cost around BND 4 from Mongkok. We left hotel early around 9am, very crowded in MTR. Arrived at Sunny Bay 45 mins later where we can see people already queuing up to enter disneyland. Entrance ticket was around BND 68, WORTH IT!! My boyfriend and I really enjoy the rides,picture takings and Xmas parade. Dont worry about the toilets all are clean and well maintained. Food also not difficult to look for but we became vegetarian because they serve pork meat! We stayed till last show of fireworks. It was a very memorable day for us and definitely will return in the future!!
We spent 1 full day in HK Disneyland and found out we didn't have enough time to finish the entire park. I think 2 days will be just nice. My two kids (2.5 & 6 yo) loved it very much. Frankly speaking, its a theme park for families with young kids. The entire park is geared to entertain kids and Disney fans. If you're not in these group, then Disneyland will most probably be boring.Weather was just nice, cool and not too sunny. A bit surprise to see groups of fully grown man (not with kids) lining up for kids rides. This time of the year, its the  Let it Snow  X'mas parade with snow making machine. Too bad we didn't stay for the fireworks cause my son was too tired to stay on.Planning to re visit the park? With my kids, ya, sure, definitely.
We have read many unfavourable reviews of the Hong Kong Disneyland. To be fair, we decided to see the place for ourselves.Hong Kong Disneyland is made for families and for people who wish to rekindle the magical experiences of the Disney characters. With our 2 kids, we enjoyed ourselves very much every minute of our 2 days spent at the park. Never a dull moment.The most praiseworthy aspect is the localization of Disneyland for Asians. We were pleased that there were 3 languages used everywhere at the Park   the Putonghua, Cantonese and English. Great job!We will certainly visit the Hong Kong Disneyland again!A Disney Fan.
On arriving in Hong Kong this October 2008 we spent two days enjoying the pleasures of the Disneyland Theme Park.Both my young children (3 and 5) had a great time as well as my wife and I. Put simply was brilliant.We had a two day pass and was staying at the Disney Hollywood Hotel. The continual bus transfer to from the Hotel Park every 15 minutes was easy and convenient. We brought one stroller from Aussie with us and hired another in the Park for our 5 year old when she just couldn't walk anymore. Cost was HK$60 plus a HK$40 deposit which we had no trouble getting back at all.The tickets for entry to the park were part of our holiday package. If getting there first up in the morning for the opening of the park at 10am, be prepared for long ques. Wouldn't recommended getting there too early if you have young ones as being hot and humid can be a little uncomfortable for them. So we waited till about 11am to go. Attendants at the turnstiles very courteous and helped us get stroller through gates.The park is fairly big so be prepared for lots of walking. Also got very busy during the afternoon especially when the afternoon Disney Parade comes alive. Its huge, colorful, noisy and just plain great with all sorts of parade floats driving and marching by. Kids loved the characters and so did we.We found most of the rides had about 15 minute wait except for the roller coaster which was about 30 minutes. Expect the rides to be short, couple of minutes at the most. I suppose it stops the frustration of long waits, we learned to live with it.Food was plentiful and you can eat Asian or Western style in numerous locations. We found the Starline Diner the best for us as the kids wouldn't eat Asian. So it was burgers and chips. Expect to pay for a coke HK$20, cheese burger with fries HK$40, chicken wings HK$40. For HK$208 (about AUD$42) could feed 2 adults and two kids for lunch. Lots of stalls around the place for things like ice cream HK$forgot, bottle coke HK$20, bottle water HK$16, large popcorn HK$20 etc. Asian food was even cheaper and looked real good too.You might need a umbrella even if its not raining as sun can be real hot. If not wear a good hat. Umbrellas in the park cost about HK$150 ea.Lots of merchandise shops in the park all mainly located on Main Street. Sell everything gimmicky as you can imagine, even cakes and sweets etc. Clothing quality is good and got some nice shorts shirts dresses for kids.We also stayed on first part of the night for the Halloween parade. I am not a favorite in celebrating Halloween (being Aussie and not liking horror themes) but I must say the Halloween parade was in itself an impressive event.Kids loved all the rides and went on several times. Staff very helpful and we were served very courteously all times.Would definitely visit the park again on next visit to Hong Kong.
We spent 1.5 days here and this was our first Disney park experience. Here are some tips from my trip report for our family trip (me, hubby, 5yr old, 7 yr old girls) in the first week of June 2008 On our first day at Disney it was raining   nothing heavy but wet underfoot. I bought the girls disney umbrellas and my husband and I spray jackets and it did not dampen our day in any way. All the characters were still out (as they were undercover) and all the rides were still operational. The rain stopped at 12 midday but the crowds stayed away. Lucky for us as this meant we had the park to ourselves (virtually).On your full day at Disney I would suggest that you get there before10am. The gates opened earlier than the stated time (10am). We were in the park at 9:45am and had met Mickey, Minnie, Donald and Daisy by 10am. Before I went to HK Disneyland I went to their website and I printed out what characters hung out in what areas. I then ticked them off as we walked around the park. We never went out of our way to see a character but you will be amazed how many you spot if you and the kids keep your eyes peeled. Whilst you can   t guarantee to see each and every character you will be surprised just how many you do see.In the Enchanted gardens (Fantasyland) there are 5 separate pergolas where the characters hang out     they were there all the time. So everytime we walked past we just checked out who was around as we walked between rides. If there were no queues we just kept visiting and playing with Pluto and goofy who were very entertaining for 2 my girls.I found the biggest queue for the characters was in the Main Street. Mickey and Minnie were dressed in beach clothes here and this was the place where you could get Mickey and Minne in the same photo. Same for Donald and Daisy. When you arrive on your first day be sure to pick up a times guide and then ask at what time the Stitch encounter show (Tomorrowland) and also the turtle crush show (Main Street near Adevnture Land entry) are on in your spoken language (they are usually in 1 hour timeslots and show 4 shows each hour). We only speak English so there were limited set times throughout the days that we could see these things in English. These shows were on similar times each day so we did one each day in the afternoon. Get there at least 15 minutes before the scheduled show time. We headed straight to Fantasyland when we arrived     walking past the castle we found the 4 princesses standing around twiddling their thumbs just waiting for photos. We then headed straight to It   s a Small World then to the Adventures of Winnie the Pooh and we were really please we did because these are very popular and later in the day the queues got longer. It's a small world is unbelievable in detail. We did the ride 2 times in a row becuase we just couldn't see everything. I reckon we would have ridden the ride over 6 times in the 1.5 days we were there and Im still not sure we saw everyhting   there is just so much going on all over the place.We then did the other Rides in Fantasyland (teacups, dumbo, carousel)     keeping our eyes peeled for characters (eg, we found Alice in Wonderland standing near the teacup ride). Do NOT miss the Golden Mickey show. You need to get there at least 10 minutes before the show as they shut the turnstile and don   t let you in. There is also a 3D Movie called Mickeys Philmagic too which my girls thought was very amusing.We then spent our early afternoon in Tommorrowland where you have Space Mountain, Astro Blasters, Autopia, Orbitron and the Stitch Encounter. If it   s a hot day there is also a water play area with sprinklers for the kids to run in and out of. They also have a muppet mobile lab and a talking trash can but the times aren   t scheduled so it   s luck if you get to see them or not.We had lunch and dinners at one of the many cafes. There is a range of asian cuisine available at very reasonable prices and the main caf   in Tomorrowland (near the steaming rocket) sells burgers and chips. On our second day (we started after lunch after visiting the bud Buddha in the am) we headed to Adventure Land. We did the Lion King Show but make sure you arrive at least 20 minutes before the Show starts because they stop you queuing 10 minutes before show time. You can sit in 4 areas for the show and each will give you a great view however in some songs the actors do come up the aisles (dressed as zebras etc) so try and sit on an aisle seat and see the kids faces when the actors wave and shake their hands.The rafts to the treehouse is a short ride and you can only walk through the treehouse     no playground. But my girls love treehouses so this was great. The jungle cruise was great for the kids and they loved spotting the animals.The High School Musical parade was a hit with my 6 year old and the waterworks parade was the best. My kids kept waving throughout the parades and got high fives and waves and touches of lots of the characters and actors throughout the parade. It doesn   t matter where you stand to watch the main parade you get a great view   we stood on opposite dies of the path each day (yes we watched it twice). We did Turtle crush and main street in the early evening as it was mostly shows and the animation theatre wasn   t open when we were there. If you want to ride the main street vehicles they only operate on shorter hours so do them on your first day as well.I planned our day so we did a show, were sitting watching a parade or having a drink   snack every 2 hours so the kids could have a rest and this meant that we did not end up returning to the Motel for a nap.We also hired our 5yr old girl (who only weighs 17kg) a stroller for HK$50   day and wished that we had done this when we first arrived (which we did on the second day). She hasn   t used a stroller for at least 2 years but she was exhausted from all the excitement.You don   t need to be close to the castle to see the need of evening fireworks however they project images onto the castle walls. I found that on our second night we got close enough to see these movie clips and my girls loved them. Between my husband and I we were able to do some shopping while we were waiting for the fireworks without the girls who were tired.We added to our experience by staying at the Hollywood Hotel (see separate review) and also having a character breakfast. This was a trip in a lifetime for my young girls. We don't know if we will ever get to another Disney Park but this one was magical and Im please we went as it was small , pleasant and no queues.
The best thing I can say about this place is that my 2 year old and 4 year old loved it.If you are thrilled by seeing people dressed up as cartoon characters, then by all means go, which probably means you have to be under 7. Aoart from that thrill, it is really quite ordinary. We went on 3 or 4 pretty standard fairground rides, which the kids loved but had to queue for 20 mins or so each time.Main St is not terribly exciting, and dont see why I should pay HK$350 to visit shops. There was a 4 minute car ride which my 2 year old loved as he could steer, but we had to queue for half hour in stinking hot weather for that. Near where we stayed In central Hong Kong, the mall had an underground funfair which was more exciting and had more rides attractions suitable for more ages than Disneyland had, and was a fraction of the price. Personally I think Ocean Park is far more interesting and has a much wider variety of attractions.But if you have to see those plastic cartoon characters, Disneyland is for you. For very young kids only.
This is not Disney Orlando or Paris, but we loved it. Having been to Orlando, this has very few of the big rides, but it has NO line ups and nothing of the crowds. I would not recommend this for teenagers, but for my 2 and 4 year old, and a 37yo and 35yo it was a blast. No massive lines means happier children and happier parents and we loved it so much, we will go back next january. It is not so much the quantity of rides, as it is the quality of the experience. More time to spend with the characters, more time on the rides and less time in ques, and in some cases no time, makes it an enjoyable day. We spent 2 days there and will come back in January for more. If you compare it to other Disneys you will be disappointed, if you hate crowds and want a disney experience that you will remember, this is for you. I recommend staying at the Disneyland hotel, even if it is for one night, it will add to the adventure.
We had read mixed reviews on HK Disneyland but my husband was determined to take our two year old daughter so we set off with relatively low expectations. However, we had a fantastic day with all the usual Disney experiences in a lovely clean and efficient environment. The park is obviously never going to be comparable to Florida but for a day out with young kids it's never going to fail to please. The old favourites are there and young children can't get enough of spinning tea cups, flying Dumbos and even the dreaded 'It's a Small World' (yes it really is still being replicated across the world!). There are a huge number of Disney shops (outnumbering the attractions) and very few rides that would appeal to adults and teenagers so I would definitely recommend to dedicated Disney lovers and small children only. The public transport to get there is fast, clean and easy to use, making it an easy day out of the noise and general chaos of HK.For a fun day out with a few rides, some unhealthy snacks and a chance to kiss Mickey and Minnie Mouse you really can't go wrong for the equivilent of GBP40.
This was our first Disney experience and after reading a lot of negative reviews about Hong Kong Disneyland due to it's size etc I was a little nervous.We decided to bite the bullet and just do it and I am so glad we did.We stayed at the Hollywood Hotel and because we had a feeling our kids would want to be completely saturated by Disney we also bought the budget annual passes which meant we could go into the park every day (Mon Fri) if we wanted to. The annual passes also saved us 50% on our hotel room costs so we paid around $110 a night for a park view room.We went into the park everyday of our 5 day stay   we got there as soon as the park opened and stayed until around 1pm when the sun was getting uncomfortable   we returned to the hotel for a rest, swim etc and would go back to the park around 5pm when the sun was going down.Disneyland park was far superior to anything we have here in Australia for the kids and there was no waiting for anything   we walked straight onto every ride and that was priceless for me. The new It's a Small World is wonderful and my kids aged 6 and 8 never got bored.I would agree that the park is aimed at children under 12 but if this suits your family situation you will have a magical time.We had good access to all the characters and I feel we have been spoilt now   other Disney parks may be bigger but I am sure due to this there are many more people, wait times and frustrated parents!! The fireworks each night were amazing and the all the cast members we encountered were very helpful and friendly.If you are deliberating about Hong Kong Disneyland   I highly recommend you do it.
The disneyland is quite small compared to the others and they are suited for only small kids below 11 years old as the rides, shows, and nearly everything else is meant for them.Well, I know that disneyland is only meant for small kids but the other bigger parks do cater for adults. For teenagers and adults, the park is waste of money as there is only 2 rides worthwhile for them.
We spent one and a half days at HKDL and although it is much smaller that LA Disney or Euro Disney it is still lots of fun and a great way to spend the day.The que times were very short and while we were they it wasn't as crowded as I thought it would be.The rides were more suitable for younger children more so than teens but there is still lots of fun to be had for the older ones.Lots of food oulets in each adventure land serving mainly Asian food but also a little western but not much for vegetarians.In all a great place to have fun.
We visited in the end of March 08 and stayed at the Hollywood Hotel. We bought the two day pass with the intention of spending a half day the 1st day. Our kids are 8 & 11 and we could have spent the two full days as they had to see EVERYTHING and go on EVERYTHING. It was also fairly busy so some queues were listed as up to 75 minutes, however turned out to be 60. On busy days in school holidays   be patient and soak in the detail.I can understand that adults can do this park in just a day, however if you are travelling with kids, make sure that you give yourself the time to see everything.
Our family went to Disneyland last March 29, 2008...There were twelve of us...When we arrived, we immediately checked the show schedules and organized our day...We walked through the Main Street, U.S.A. on our way to the Adventureland...Where we experienced the Jungle River Cruise..Cruising through the River filled with adventure and surprises...After which, we watched the Festival of the Lion King...We then had lunch at the nearby Tahitian Terrace Restaurant...We then proceeded to the Fantasyland where we watched the Golden Mickeys, Rode the Park Train, Watched the Adventures of Winnie the Pooh, Strolled Through the Sleeping Beauty Castle and The Fantasy Gardens where we had our pictures with the characters taken.Watched 3d at the Mickey's Philharmagic..We also went to the Tomorrowland...Where we road the Space Mountain, Autopia, Buzz Light Year and saw the Interactive Stitch Encounter Show...Before the park closed, we watched the awesome display of fireworks...
What a magical time! The whole place is perfectly run, with friendly helpful staff, and virtually no cues. The most we cued up for was to see Micky and Mini mouse at the begining for 20 mins; a fraction of time compared to any ride in the US. Although there were not as many action packed rides, we still did not have time to go round the whole venue. Well worth a trip   close to Hong Kong island, and also very cheap for Disney. In all a must if your out there.
We visited Disneyland in January 2008.It was a Monday and cool and overcast. We are 3 adults (56, 55 & 22).We have never been to Disneyland anywhere so have nothing to compare the Hong Kong with. It was wonderful!As my family didn't want too early a start we set off from Causeway Bay by MTR, changed trains at Sunny Bay onto the wonderful Mickey train. How beautiful this is, arriving around Midday.The Station at Disneyland is beautiful and the sights including the fountain out front entice you into the park.We did not have to queue for tickets & it worked out about $40AUD for each of, unheard of at home. We also found the food, sourvenirs and everything else inside very reasonable.It turned out that the time available wasn't enough for us to see everything. The park closes earlier in January with the fireworks at 7pm.We had lots of photos taken with the characters in Fantasyland and we were surprised that they also took photos with our cameras, no pressure to buy theirs (we did anyway). Once again no queueing.The two shows, Golden Mickeys & Festival of the lion king were truely wonderful and also the grand parade. Each lasted around 30 minutes. It was very funny to us hearing Mickey speak in Chinese! The performers in the grand parade really turned in a wonderful performance, so professional and trying to get the crowd involved.Lunch was very nice and reasonably priced in Fantasyland. We also had nice coffee and cake in Main Street.We went on the railway and the jungle river cruise and that is about all we had time for. We saw all of fantasy land, but only a little of Tomorrow Land and Adventure Land. The fireworks were truely spectacular! We were dreading how crowded the train would be back to Causeway Bay, but it was near empty by the time we had bought our souvenirs, which I wish I had bought more of. Everything sounds so expensive in HKD, but when you work it out they are very reasonable divided by 6.5 for us.I can't wait to go back   I have read so many reports on here how small it is and you don't need much time here but we could have done with another half a day at least to see everything.The park itself is clean and well maintained, also the toilets. Perhaps we were lucky with the small number of people there the day we went but it was very comfortable getting around and no queueing for anything, not even the jungle cruise.I can't give anything but praise for our experience. Perhaps if I wish hard enough I will be back again soon. We loved Hong Kong (our first visit) and will definately return.
I know in the future they will expand, but for now, it seems awfully small.  I got there at 10 AM, and people were leaving at 1:30, right after the parade.  There just aren't enough rides attractions open yet... and some of the real classic attractions...More
i was there in November 2006, and is the perfect place for the young children, sadly it is smaller than the other Disneys, however there is room to expand later if needed, the whole experiance is enhanced with its own train full of Disney charecte...More
No, this isn't the biggest and most spectacular Disneyland park, but our children thought it was the best place on Earth!! Granted, they are only 2 and 4 years of age, but still... Their little faces were just full of wonder and delight.  We were...More
23 DEC 2007  Experience all the fantasies that you have ever imagined in Disneyland! Disneyland Hong Kong consist of  Adventure land, Fantasy land and Tomorrow Land. However, i spent most of the time in Fantasy Land. I arrived there at 11 am and only departed...More
Having been numerous times to other Disney parks in Paris, Orlando and Anaheim, I didn   t hesitate to add Hong Kong to the list. If you go knowing in advance that this is a much smaller park, then you shouldn   t be disappointed. We found it a...More
My son who is ten years of age and I spent the day at Hong Kong Disneyland on Tuesday 13 November 2007. From the moment we boarded the Disney Train we knew we were going to have a wonderful day and we weren't disappointed, it was magical. The Lion King Show and The Golden Mickeys Shows are a must. The Mickey Phillamagic 3D show is great and so is the Jungle Cruise. It is clean, colourful and the merchandise is very reasonably priced.My sons favourite ride was Astro Blast Buzz Lightyear and Space Mountain. The only ride which was disappointing was Autopia, we loved all the others.Tarzans Tree House was spectacular. Food wasn't bad but mostly asian, not much to choose from.We spent the whole day there from the moment it opened to the fireworks at 7pm, we covered everything and would definitely go again.
Since long I read and heard a lot of Walt Disneys great attraction  Disneyland . But it was not being possible for me to view in own eyes visiting USA. Last year it was a great opportunity for me to find the mini or replica of this great theme park built in Hong Kong. It was a day long experience which was tremendous and the rides and live shows were extra ordinary.
I went to HK disneyland with my family and found most staff unwilling to greet nor smile. The place was small and you were left without anything to do by 3:00pm. I tried talking to the management in main street who just told me she was busy and to  find someone else to talk to . They were rude and too proud to understand what the real disney is all about. I will not go there ever again...
Our family just came back from Disneyland HK where we stayed at Disney's Hollywood hotel for 3 nights. Travelling with 2 kids ages 5 and 3 and 2 pieces of luggage, we took a cab from the airport, which was the easiest way to get to the resort. We were however tempted to take the train because we wanted to see Mickey's resort line, but in the end didn't   luckily. With big luggage and 2 kids it would have been back breaking. The Hollywood hotel was nicely decorated and colourful. Although it was far less luxurious than the other Disneyland hotel, it was quite suitable for kids. There was plenty of choice at the buffet breakfast at the  Chef Mickey  restaurant. Dinner at the same restaurant wasn't as nice and relatively expensive at HKD1,000 for the 4 of us, so we preferred to eat in the restaurants in the Park where we found the food quite tasty. We particularly liked the Chinese food at Plaza Inn.I wish I could tell you that we had a good time in the Park but to be honest after all our months of planning we failed realise that Friday 19th of October was a Chinese national holiday, so the Park was packed (clever us!). We got on a few rides like Buzz Light Year, Winnie the Pooh and saw Philhar Magic but missed out on Autopia (queue 60mins), Golden MIckeys, and Festival of the Lion King simply because the queues were too long. At least I got to shake hands with Mickey which made me happy! Fastpass is a good idea but is not available for all the rides   basically you are reserving a place and have to come back at a pre determined time when you can enter via a shortened line up (there is still a queue though)After one and a half days at the Park, on our third day we went to the city to do some shopping. We took the bus to the Disney resort line (which is right in front of the entrance to the Park), connected to Sunny Bay station and got onto the Tung Chung line bound for Kowloon. The Disney resort line is quite unique with Mickey window panes and handle bars as well as memorabilia inside the compartment. (By the way the free Disney bus service runs from the Park to Disneyland Hotel to Hollywood Hotel and then back to the Park, so if you want to go from Hollywood Hotel to Disneyland Hotel you have to go to the Park first.) The trip in to town took about 50mins which is lengthy by HK standards. Unlike the Airport Express the Tung Chung line makes several stops along the way. We then came back just before dinner time and by then all of us were exhausted.On the way back to the airport we took the cab which cost us around HKD100 . They are cheaper than the limousines and there are plenty of them hiding around the corner of the hotel.
I had recently been to the HKDL with my family in late Sep and we had an enjoyable time. Even though we had read mixed reviews in this site, we decided to go for the  Stay and Play for 2 Days  package i.e. hotel staying guests are entitled to an extra day free at the park (we stayed at the Hollywood). Having been to the one in California a few years back, this is a completely different experience as I was bringing my two year old son who was out on his first overseas trip. Coupled with my retired parents, it wasn't easy to move around in a big party. Nevertheless, my wife who has been to Tokyo DisneySea and I thought that we had a magical experience in these two days. So did my parents and our kid. The HKDL is smaller in scale but of high quality. The staff are very friendly, the park is clean, wide range of good valued souvenirs and the shows & parades are excellent. If you are traveling adults and have never been to any Disneyland, one day at the park is sufficient. However, if you are traveling with children, then do pick up the  Stay and Play for 2 Days  package even though this Disneyland is  SMALL . This is essential if you want to cover almost everything (remember to give time allowance for memorabilia, meals and queues). The room rates are higher than the regular HK hotels but is offset by the extra free day at the park. Don't miss out on the two indoor shows (Golden Mickeys and Festival of the Lion King) as well as the outdoor ones (Disney on Parade, Glow in the Park  Halloween  Parade and Disney in the Stars fireworks). Most of the rides are catered to children except Space Mountain which I went three rounds trying to rediscover my youth. Although I'm tempted to call it HK Disneyland Junior for now, I'm also anticipating that it will grow with more attractions to be installed in the coming years. Anyway, don't pass the opportunity if you drop by HK, cos Disney is still Magic !
This was our first Disneyland experience and overall we found it fun and entertaining. We went there on a Saturday morning (Sept 29) and the heat was sometimes quite unbearable. I didn't like the fact that all the characters were already dressed in Halloween costumes. I was disappointed because I really wanted to take pictures with Donald Duck in his original costume. Anyway, as adults, we enjoyed the Jungle Ride, Space Mountain and Mickey 3D show. However, we found the Haunted Castle a let down cos we were let in a large group and it was not scary since the crowd before us had already started screaming . The scary characters were talking in Chinese so we had no idea what the heck they were saying that was so scary! The Mickey drawing session was okay but the person conducting it only spoke Chinese so we had no idea what was she saying. The wait for rides were around 20 30 mins especially for Autopia, Mickey 3D and Haunted Castle..pretty torturous on a hot day. Generally, being our first Disneyland visit, it was exciting and fun. We didn't stay for the night shows..but it is a place to go to forget your cares for awhile.
I don't know why we came here really. I guess to compare with THE Disneyland. It is not the same somehow the Chinese look alien in this environment and it ain't US razmatazz. That said everyone was very nice and full of smils so there trying. It is also very small and not so good on the rides.
We had a fantastic two days at Hong Kong Disney. I need to preface this review with the fact that thanks to this site we knew that the park was small vs the US and had only a small number of rides, therefore we had reasonable expectations. We visited Disneyland in California last year, so I guess we felt like we had covered the missing attractions then.Our children are young   5 and 7 and interestingly didn't seem to mind that some of their favourite rides e.g. Indiana Jones, Pirates weren't there. Older kids might be bored quickly and disspointed at the lack of thrill rides.The best thing about this Park in our opinion is the stage shows   The Lion King was fantastic, high quality props, good performances   don't miss it! The Golden Mickeys show is also very enjoyable. It's these two shows that help make up for the lack of thrill rides. Even the Stitch interactive movie is fun.Space Mountain is the only thrill ride. Visiting in September there were no queues   in fact the longest wait by far was for Autopia (20 mins) so that might be a good one to do early in the day. Our kids liked all the rides, and went on them several times each. The rides are newer and seemed slightly higher quality than the US. They are building 'A Small World' but another thrill ride would be a welcome addition.The Parade and Fireworks were great.We visited on a Tuesday and Wednesday in Sept and it was very quiet and made for a very enjoyable and relaxed time. It is quite easy to cover nearly all of the park in a day   we had a two day for the price of one deal, so the second day we revisted favourite rides etc. We all really enjoyed the 'learn to draw Mickey' lesson near the front of the park on the right as you walk in   it's an airconditioned room (it gets very hot in Sept) and it's surprisingly easy for people of all ages to draw a half decent Mickey or Donald with a bit of tuition.There are heaps of characters around and we liked that fact that they seemed to be more of them and they were more organised than in Califormia. We avoided any long queues e.g. Minnie and Micky at the Park Entrance, knowing we would see them in the Character Breakfast at the Disneyland Hotel. There are lots of characters in the garden near the carosel and the lines were small.The food was cheaper and of better quality than we have experienced at Fun Parks in Australia and the U.S. We ate pretty low end and even the burgers were tasty.In summary   you still get the Disney atmosphere and experience albeit on a smaller scale. If you have young children it's a really fabulous way to spend a day or two. If you want a luxurious, stress free experience combine it with a stay at the Disneyland Hotel.
Entrance fee was a bit steep for a one time entry.  More like a small theme park rather than THE Disneyland.  Expected more, actually.
Couldn't believe the Chinese could pull this one off but they have. A joint venture company between Disney and Chinese investment companies (ie. the Chinese govement) that is better than EuroDisney in every way. Large areas for growth but at time of vacation was still being built but money being invested was no real issue, quality onparr with American counter part. Cinder's castle was small compared to Florida but beautifully put together all the same. If you like Disney this a must for all. We went in August and nearly got burnt!!!
I went to Hong Kong Disneyland on Saturday, 28 July 2007, as part of a 9 day holiday in Hong Kong. Having never been to any other Disneyland, I can't compare it to the original in Anaheim or the Paris Disneyland. All I can say is that I had a truly fun, memorable day and would love to return again in the future.To get there, I caught the MTR from Tsim Sha Tsui and the Disney Resort Train, which was fun, fast and cost a minimal amount (just use your Octopus Card!).The park is immaculate, colourful, well designed and easy to walk around.As other reviewers here have said, souvenirs are excellent quality and reasonably priced; as are eateries in the park.The only drawback was the weather   it was 36 degrees Celsius (around 102 degrees Fahrenheit!) and the humidity was high. But there are plenty of airconditioned shops, restaurants, etc, which provide a welcome relief from the heat, and are also interesting and fun to explore.Don't miss the 'Golden Mickey's Show'   it's very entertaining and well worth lining up for.Overall, I had a wonderful day and enjoyed my Hong Kong Disneyland experience immensely.God bless!
I recently travelled to Disneyland with my 9 year old daughter.It was a long day as we arrived early, before the park opened and were there until the end for the fireworksThe rides at Disney are surpassed by rides at Ocean Park, but the level of comfort you experience at Disney is amazing, Air Con and fans throughout the park meant that whenever we got a little bit hot, we were able to take 5 minutes in an Air Conditioned shop and cool off.Probably the most frustrating thing I encountered, were children pushing and cutting in lines. When you are lining up and can see the front of the line, the last thing you want to see is children streaming past you to a relative at the front of the line.This happened a LOT   especially while we were lining up to have photos taken with Disney characters, who can only take so much in those suits before then need a 5 minute break. Nothing is more frustrating than having 10 kids cut in front of you in line, have their photos taken and then be told that Mickey has to take 5Overall   Disney was an experince that I think you just HAVE to do, that said... Had I have been to any other Disney parks throughout the world, I would probably have been disappointed with the HK park.I will also write a review for Ocean Park, which is another must do for families with children!
Having been to Disney World in Florida 25  times and to Disneyland in California, I couldn't pass up the opportunity to see Disney Hong Kong since we were going to be in China. Disney Hong Kong is very different from the US parks in that it is open shorter hours, is very small in comparison but like any Disney park, it's alot of FUN!!!  True to Disney, it's clean, the people are friendly and helpful and it's a happy place. We saw little if any queue jumping waiting for rides. In fact the lines didn't seem bad. Maybe because we were waiting for the English versions? Prices for things are as you expect at Disney but t shirts and such are cheaper then Disney World. Food was the biggest expense at the park considering the choices. We probably would have been better off going with a Chinese meal. We were able to do the rides we wanted to do multiple times without problem and then we sat for the parade. It was HOT!!! But the parade is a water parade and the staff makes sure you know you're going to get wet. We had seats on the curb, sitting on bags of purchases so as not to burn our back sides. Then came the parade. Yes, it's a water parade but with all the Asians using umbrellas over us to protect themselves from the sum, we didn't get wet!!!  It was a fun day. If you go, go early when they open. It seemed to get more crowded as the day went on but we really sat in no lines longer then 15 minutes and that was for a show.
I spent one day at Hong Kong Disney land which was definatly enough time to see everything I wanted to see, but did need a full day. The park is quite small, but still fun and entertaining all the same. They are currently developing there  small world  section, not sure when it opens, but I'm sure it will be wonderful when it does. There are not many rides but still lots to do. There were barely any queues for rides at the time I was there which was July which was great.I would very highly recommend if you are staying at Disneyland to have breakfast with the characters. They spent quite a lot of time at each table while we were eating breakfast, so that we could get photos with them, doing it this way also means the characters come to you, you don't have to queue up for 20mins for a photo once inside the park.The prices in the shops were reasonable which I didn't expect from Disney land, so I was able to stock up on souveniers.
I went to Hong Kong Disneyland in July 07 and overall had a great time. If you have been to either of the Disney parks in Anaheim or Orlando you   ll probably find HK Disneyland to be a bit of let down. Most of the major rides (Haunted Mansion, Pirates of the Caribbean, Splash Mountain etc) aren   t there and the park is operating a very small number of attractions. Space Mountain, Jungle Cruise, and several of the FnatasyLand rides are open but beyond that the park is noticeablyempty. There is no doubt that the park will be better in 4 or 5 yearswhen many of the rides you expect from a Disneyland are opened. I wasable to see pretty much everything (including watching a parade) in around 4 hours. Having said this, the park is well designed and the look feel of the park is excellent (much better than the truly awful Euro Disneyland).Those rides that are open look great  particularly the Jungle Cruise which was far and away the best of the Jungle Cruise rides I   ve been on. The shows were good and the parade I saw was excellent. It   s a little weird hearing Mickey talking in Chinese but it adds to the overall uniqueness of the experience. I found the service throughout the park to be excellent. All the cast members provided excellent service and you certainly are gettingthe type of Disney style service you would expect. A word of note however  I   ve read in several places that crowd behaviour was poor interms of queue etiquette etc and this was certainly my experience. There was a lot of people pushing ahead in queue   s queue jumping and the overall theme park behaviour rules you experience in the US appeared to be optional in HK Disneyland.Food was to the usual Disneyland standard (eg average and expensive).It was good to see a lot more tailouring of the menu options to suit the Asian market (instead of the usual hamburger hot dogs). Getting to the park is very easy. I used the subway to get the train to Sunny Bay and then you transfer onto a special Disney train that takes you direct to the park. The train from Hong Kong to the park was very quick and takes about 20 minutes. Overall I   d recommend HK Disneyland only if you haven   t been to any of the other Disneylands or if you are a huge Disney fan.
Disneyland Hong Kong is a tiny, tiny place! If you're used to Disney World, then you will surely be disappointed. The park probably fits in a quarter of Magic Kingdom and it literally took my cousin and I half the day to finish the park. There are not a lot of rides and shows do not run often and frequently clashed. The only good thing about this Disneyland is that you can easily take pictures with your favorite Disney character. My day was certainly brightened when I was able to score a pic with Captain Jack Sparrow (this was when Disney was running Adventureland as Pirateland to promote Pirates III). Also the cute mouse subway that took us to the park was definitely unique too!
Hong Kong Disneyland is a great place to visit from Australia if you don't want to travel to America. However, having been to another Disneyland, this one is going to need expanding quickly if it is going to cope with all the visitors. The day I went it was a Monday afternoon and it was packed. The waits weren't too long for the rides and I didn't need to use a fast pass. The whole park could be seen and experienced in 6 hours without missing anything.The park itself was clean and easy to get around. The map was easy to follow. There was only one main parade that day and I was lucky enought to catch it. It is the Water Works show and I got very wet. Main street is the same as the other park with the same shops etc but if you are a die hard Disney fan this is not a problem.The pirates had taken over AdventureLand (Capt. Jack Sparrow and his crew) which made it a lot of fun.As always, plenty of merchandise to buy around the park however, the mickey ears were only avaliable on main street in the largest shop in a back corner.A great day out   can't wait to see Disneyland Paris next.:)
Hong Kong is undoubtedly a delightful little place.A perfect blend of the east and west,it gives us the best of both worlds  the mystery,intrigue and culture of the east and the modern ,luxurious,trendy elements of western culture.The very first day in hk will lead u to believe that the whole island is one gigantic shopping mall.Malls,malls and more malls..Although the louis vuitton,burberry,prada stores are a visual retreat in themselves and almost the whole of hk can be seen with shopping bags in clutched in their hands on their way back home..these people take shopping really seriously which is reflected in their superior understanding of fashion..even young schoolgirls are so well groomed,sporting the trendiest haircuts and styles of the season..but neway,i have no clue why im tempted to write about the fashion scene in hk,when i had set out to write a review on disneyland..forgive me readers for my lack of focus,brevity and clear understanding of what i should be writing,.,,,because hk does that to u...it is a modern paradise..this charming place offers everything..all the entertainment u could possibly ask for,all packed into a neat little island...i had never been to disneyland before and this trip was sure to introduce me to characters i had not paid much attention to during my childhood..it has a been a whole new disney learning experience for me..the disney line which takes u to disneyland is where all the magic begins..it transports u to a world u had left behind when u stopped watching cartoon network..when u had to barter simple pleasures for more realistic things in life..the disneyland station welcomes u and then u know iits for real..ill keep it short now..disneyland is not only meant for kids..im 22 and i loved every bit of it   the cinderella castle to the golden mickeys show..the golden mickey should not be missed by anyone willing to take a short trip to a picture perfect world of fantasy,colour,music and the quintessential and well known charm of the world of disney...one should also not midss the tarzan jungle rafts and the stitch interative show...i didnt know much about stitch (ignorant me!)..but i can tell u that he is one of the most charming disney characters...the place has countless souvenier shops and one can purchase anything that catches ur fancy,,,i bought a cap..but there is a lot more u can buy..even mickey minnie engagement ring if thats ur thing..n the cheesecake n strawberry jelly cup at the bakery on main street is worth a visit while u stroll through the maze of shops,rides and cafes..
Have been to Disney worlds in USA and Paris too! The one here is a very good one, specially if you come from India, like I do and have small kids in tow, who cannot do huge parks. THE MOST INTERESTING PART IS THE VALUE FOR MONEY IN THIS DISNEY     WE WENT TO EURODISNEY TOO, AND LET ME TELL YOU ITS BETTER TO COME TO DISNEY HK, EVEN IF YOU ARE FROM EUROPE THAN TO GO THERE. Believe me it will still be cheaper to come here and the same quality of stuff. You can actually eat and buy souvenirs at this Disney without feeling cheated, which was the case in Paris. The only thing is the hot and humid weather, if it rains just get into the shows like Golden Mickeys and Lion King! The Disney hotel is a must stay at about 1000 HKD, its real good value for money and the kids will love the experience, plus the entry for one day and two days is the same. IF U HAVE A KID BORN IN 1997, YOU WILL GET ONE YEAR'S FREE PASS FOR THE KID PLUS 35% DISCOUNT ON ROOM TARIFF. SO REMEMBER THIS POINT.
We visited HK Disney in May with our 4 children. It was a wonderful day. The train system is easy to navigate to get there. Once there, the staff are in abundance to cater to every need. The foods and drinks were very reasonably priced as were the souvenirs   a very pleasant surprise. There are an enormous array of food choices too. There were no long delays in queueing for rides and some rides we hopped off then got straight back on again. It is a much smaller Disneyland than LA or Tokyo where we have also visited but for young children's first time experience it was fabulous.
I was lucky that early of June, the weather is fine (summer time), there was only 5 minute of queuing at the entrance. The longest queing only while waiting for make photo with Mickey and Mini Mouse.The Parade, acurately started at 3.30 pm also at the end of that day, the firecrackers. We all have enjoyable day and evening at HK Disneyland.There was no negative aspect as I read on other's review, all was doing fine and just perfect as we plan.I recommend it . Just be careful to make plan, specially for the weather. Although most of the people suggesting not to come to the park in summer, due to typhoon or heavy raining, but I have just made it, maybe I am just lucky. (Photo coming soon)
What an experience   we so much enjoyed HK Disneyland. The park was well organised and clean. The staff at the park we really good and made the right impression for you to have the time of your life. Our kids were in a magical dream. The critics have made comments that park is small and not enough to do   well i disagree. I have been to the florida and california disney parks and they are too big. When you have small children then this park is perfect, Enjoy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I visited disneyland hong kong with my husband.The park was well organized and very clean. The staff were extremely helpful and very friendly. However, the games available were mostly for little children. There were only a few games which my husband and I really enjoyed. But the shows were very entertaining, like the Golden Mickeys, Disney Parade and the fireworks at the end. Also, the souveniers sold their were very reasonably priced.
My friend and i went to HK Disneyland last Feb 2007. We took the train from Kowloon to Sunny Bay onwards to the Disney Resort. Actually, it was my first time to see Disneyland, unlike my friend who has experienced it in the US before. Actually, for me it was more of the experience of being in a Disney Park rather than the excitement of the rides. I was there to see and took only one ride...the space mountain ride, of course aside from the train ride around the park.I just wanted to be a kid even for a day. And t was lovely.
After reading many differing reviews we decided to give it a try anyway on a recent trip to HK. We had a wonderful time so the mixed reviews tend to make me think more people need to accept the concept that not everything is the same as  at home . Yes Disney HK is smaller than the sprawling mega parks in Florida but it is the perfect size for younger kids. Older kids may be able to run all day but if yours are under 8 or so, this makes a terrific park as you can see all of it in 1 2 or 3 4 of a day. Our 6 year old loved it and was treated like a princess by the entire staff.Choose your time wisely! We went in one month ago in the middle of HK  winter . Not cold but chilly enough that many locals do not come until later in the day. If you book breakfast, you can get in 30 minutes before everyone else and position well for the popular rides. We had the place almost to ourselves for the first 90 minutes and serious lines didn't develop until lunch time. Yes, the international food isn't great (try the Asian!), yes some of the staff is spotty in English, yes there are many mainlanders later in the day to compete with but THIS IS HK PEOPLE, and if you aren't enriched by the  different ness  of a place then you should have stuck to your own back yard. We took a cab but the train is a great, direct option. They have a special Disney train full of fun stuff for the kids. The prices were along the lines of other Disney parks and the  rudeness  I have heard of by others when referring to the crush of local visitors didn't rate mentioning. Yes, other cultures have a different definition of etiquette in line but you try living with a bit of scarcity and then be relaxed while cueing. All in all a must see if you're in HK with kids.
We went there last year with our son aged 11, and he enjoyed it without reservation. However I have been to Disney Anaheim, at my wife has been to Anaheim, Florida and France, and we found it a little bit small and tame. If you have kids that are a little older or keen on really wild rides, they're going to be disappointed here. On the other hand smaller children will probably really enjoy it. Apart from the size, standard Disney experience. Ocean Park may be a better bet.
Visited the park a little while ago   can not believe why people think it is a good park. The only worthwhile ride is space mountain   all others are rehashed, watered down and worse    MISSING. Can not believe why this park could be called Disneyland when a majority of the classic rides are missing.In my humble opinion, what constitutes a disneyland park MUST include:1. Castle. Check. HKDL has the smallest one! Just look at Tokyo and Orlando, not to mention the beautiful Paris castle. Even the smaller castle in LA is gilded and looks much nicer, even though it is 50 years older!2. Dumbo. Check. Smaller ride capacity than the Orlando version3. Small World   MISSING   It is available in different incarnations on ALL other disney parks! This is absolutely unforgivable.4. Pirates of the Caribbean   MISSING   This is probably the most classic disney ride   again, unforgivable5. Haunted Mansion   MISSING   Again unforgivable. Absolutely classic Disney ride6. Splash Mountain   MISSING   This is one of the best rides, unfortunately people who come to Hong Kong will never experience it.7. Big Thunder Mountain   MISSING   Another absolutely great ride missing8. Peter Pan   MISSING   Can not believe this absolute kid's favorite is missing. In other Disney parks, kids would queue up to 45 minutes to get into this ride9. Space Mountain   Check   have to say this is one of the best incarnation   the only good ride in the whole park10. Jungle Cruise   Check   this is a watered down version, no caves or temple for the boat to pass throughALL other parks   Tokyo, Orlando, LA and Paris has ALL OF THE ABOVE. Seriously, a park should not be called a Disneyland when any of the above is not present. This is serious deception on Disney's part. I hope they will quickly rectify the situation or continue their downward spiral. No wonder they did not meet the target attendence numbers. I would have travel there with my family at least once a month if they built it like the other Disneyland parks.Also many other attractions missing: Enchanted Tiki Room, Star Tours, Snow White, Alice in the Wonderland, Country Bear, Fantasmic, and ENTIRE SECTIONS COMPLETELY MISSING: Liberty Square New Orleans Frontierland and Absolutely NO ToonTown!   A very, very Dissapointed Disney Fan
We were wary about visiting HK Disneyland given some previous bad reviews, however, we were very happy with the experience and it did bring out the atmosphere of  The Happiest Place on Earth  which you find at the other Disney Parks. I went with my family which included children aged 3, 6 and 10. Admittedly, it is more suitable for young children and young at heart adults. The rides would not have been thrilling enough for thrill seeking teenagers.However, if you plan the day to include all the live shows (The Lion King show was excellent) and the few key attractions in each land, it's a great day out for all. There was enough to keep the whole family occupied. In fact, towards the end of the day, we were running between attractions. The park was busy but the wait was not too long   10 min per ride.The highlight was the evening fireworks show over the Magic Castle. It was breathtaking and enthralling. All ages, everyone was overwhelmed by the fantastic display. The kids enjoyed it more than Ocean Park, which they went to 2 days later.
I stayed with my teenage son at the Hollywood Hotel in Disneyland Resort Hong Kong, last September (2006) . It was my sons birthday (16th) and the staff had a personalised birthday card and present ready for him on checking in, and then much to his embarrassment sang him happy birthday at dinner with a special dessert   amazingly I had not organised any of this when booking!It was total luxury, the decor, staff, service and location were all first class. I have never experienced such fantastic, friendly and accomodating staff anywhere else in the world.  My only regret is that we only stayed the one night. If you have been to normal Hong Kong Hotels then you know that the beds can be a bit hard so when we arrived in the hotel we expected the same but the bed was the most comfortable I had ever experienced in fact if we hadnt been so busy I would have slept the whole time. I would thoroughly recommend this hotel experience to anyone.
Before going to Disneyland Hong Kong, we had downplayed what we expected as reviews noted it was smaller and not as good as Los Angeles. We had been to LA some 6 years ago but we had such a great time at Hong Kong, we would reccomend to anyone visiting Hong Kong to go. We went mid week, there were hardly any ques and we got through everything in one day night. Photo opportunities with the charachters all day and only 15 minute ques....I hate ques!. Sure there were not as many thrill rides, but getting to ride space mountain three times makes up for it. In LA we qued for two hours to get on Cups and Dumbo and each were next ride available so less than 10 minutes.The shows were excellent (typical disney profesionalism) and fireworks excellent to end the night. On to the MTR train and back at hotel in half an hour.....what a great day!
We started the experience on the Sunny Bay line train to Disney, a train filled with Disney fun, Mickey shaped windows and handles. Yes it is a small Disneyland but clean, fresh, the friendliest of staff, they couldn't do more for you to make your day a great one. The roaming characters were terrific, even got my unco operativeson to have his picture with one of them, after Buzz Lightyear wouldn't take no for an answer, I have a cherished photo of a laughing 8 year old as Buzz did all kinds of antics for me to get the photo. We stayed at the Hollywood Hotel the night as our final splurge before we left for home and it was pure luxury, a fantastic buffet and comfy rooms, the kids spent 4 hours going up and down the waterslide in the pool.
Hi All,Planning for a trip to Hong Kong Disneyland?If this is your first time to disneyland, you will enjoy the experience.You will feel young again...HKDL is one of the smallest park disney has. But without any proper planning, if you want to finish the whole park in one day without missing any shows or rides..... ermmmm... kinda of difflcult.(Don't misss the show   they are the highlights of disneyland, it is waht you are paying for)I have created a blog to share my experience and what i do during my last trip at HKDL.You can visit   http:  disneychapter.blogspot.com  Hope it help you. enjoy your trip.
I have not been to any other Disneylands, but this one was fun! Yes it is small, but we filled a day without any difficulty.  My 9 year old thought it was great.  Immaculatley presented, attentive staff and very clean.  Our experience was entirely positive
This place has all the other Disneylands beat mainly because the staff know how to treat people, and not develop a blaise sense of having to deal with another truckload of tourists every time you go through the gate. Crowds are tolerable, and the place has all the attractions the other parks have. Weather is always mild, making it enjoyable year round, and it's there's no pushing & shoving to get from one area to another. Top spot, and well worth a look. Prices (admission & merchandise) is also well below other parks, and affordable...probably because most of the stuff at any Disney park around the world is made in China anyway...ergo lower overheads.
The park is too small and does not have enough rides on the up side the shows are ok and parade was nice. Did not see any people queue jumping, as other people have said go to ocean park it has a greater mix of attractions and is better value for your money.
Both my wife and I are Disney fanatics (ok, more me than her) so when we were in Hong Kong we jumped at the chance to spend a day here.We got to the park by taking the train from Kowloon and changing to the Disney Express which drops you off at the gate, this train is themed with Mickey shaped windows and hand holds, as well as minature statues of the characters in the carriages.The first thing that hits you when you enter the park and look down main street is just how small the castle is, it looks like the one from California, which in my opinion is not as 'magical' (impressive) as the others around the world and gets overwhelmed by the sourounding hillside.We first entered Adventure Land to the left hand side and went on the Jungle Cruise, which unlike the others around the world uses pyrotechnics in its finale, but I did find it a bit short.We then took a raft over to Tarzans treehouse, which if I am honest is just like the Swiss Family Robinson treehouse at WDW with the exception of a few added monkeys.Next we went to Fantasyland and sat in on PhilharMagic which, again is the same as the WDW version. Followed by Winnie the Pooh, the Carousel, Dumbo and the Golden Mickeys which is a mock awards show featuring all your favourite characters.We had lunch in one of the many restaurants, and had some noodles with dim sum.We then headed back over to Adventureland to 'the festival of the lion king', this again is based on the one from Disney's Animal Kingdom at WDW, but featured less acrobatics.Then it was over to the last section of the park, Futureland where we went on Space Mountain (our favourite ride in the park) and Buzz Lightyear.We watched the parade at 3.00 but it was quite difficult to stand for such a long time in the blistering heat, strong sunlight and very high humidity.We then went on space mountain a few more times, before wandering around the park suvenire shopping and having our pictures taken with the various characters before the fireworks started at 8.00.Overall it was a good day out but the park was severly lacking a number of big rides (haunted manision, big thunder mountain railroad, splash mountain, etc) and this was really noticeable as the park did not keep you entertained for the whole day, which is what I belive any good park should.But if you are in Hong Kong and a fan of the mouse then I would recommend going here.
I went to HK Disneyland on 2 Nov (Thu) with 2 elderly and 2 kids aged 4 & 2.We have not been to other disneylands but we truly enjoyed this one.We reached there at 1pm & left at 8pm (park rides ended around 7pm). We couldn't complete all rides shows & felt that we shd have made it a full day event.The park was not crowded & most rides waiting time were around 5 15mins.We ate BBQ turkey set at comet cafe at Tomorrowland. Food was cold and taste below average.My kids' favourite are parade, fireworks & river cruise at Adventureland.
Having read all the bad reviews, I went there last Sunday terrified of what I'd be faced with. I'm very glad to report that Disneyland Hong Kong was actually really beautiful and the magic is definately there as soon as you get off the train. It's all clean and brand new, I was lucky enough not to see any Mainlanders jumping queues, everyone was calm and happy and the Cast Members were actually smiling and joking just as they do in all other Disneylands!!!! Granted, it's only a very small park in comparison with Florida's Magic Kingdom, Paris and Anaheim and only has a few rides, but you certainly get that magical feeling when you walk down Main Street and see the castle at the back. The shows were fantastic especially the Golden Mickeys one that I haven't seen anywhere else. Furthermore, luckily enough, even though it was a Sunday there were no long queues whatsoever. The longest I waited was 15 minutes for Autopia and everywhere else I more or less walked straight on the ride!!!!As a final note, I would just like to say that the Disneyalnd Hotel is absolutely stunning. Brand new with gorgeous views, lovely restaurants and bars and even though I didn't actually spend the night there, I definately hope to do so soon!!!
Disneyland Hong Kong. We have been twice thus far. The first time was in October of 2005 and we have just returned from our second trip there. We stayed at the Disneyland Hotel in 2005 and in 2006 as well. The park is a disappointment and the crowds are heavy and the lack of rides is very disappointing. In addition, there are not enough things to do and see! IT IS SO SMALL! We finished all the rides and shows in 1 2 a day! The kids were bored and didn't even want to go on the rides again! Wow! Very different from Florida and California in the USA. If all you want to do is SHOP and EAT TERRIBLE FOOD then you can come to HK Disney. Save your money and go to the real thing in USA. Also, the Disneyland hotel accomodations are nice, however, it is not as kid friendly as the other theme park hotels. The hotel had some Halloween games and activities that were a flop and it ended up that 2 young men staff at the Disneyland hotel put some games on the tables and then just stood there at the door watching the kids play. In addition, during activities time, the kids were given coloring books and crayons again at the table and told just to color away! No Disney characters....even the storytime was pitiful as the young male staff member merely summarized each page of 1 Pooh book and sent the children away afterwards. They really need to work on the quality of the food at the theme park and hotel as well. BAD! Save your money and go somewhere else!
After reading so many bad reviews about HK Disneyland, I was pleasantly surprised when I visited last week, with my 2 year old boy and 3 year old girl.I find that the park is very clean, and very well managed. I have been to Disneyland Anaheim before, but I actually find HK one nicer. May be because I am with my kids this time, and I feel happier ? We went on Tuesday, and it was not crowded, on average we waited about 10   15 mins for every ride. We did not have encounters with rude mainland Chinese. I guess it is very important to pick a right time to visit, that day was not a public holiday in mainland China.I have heard people saying that it is small, but I felt that the size is just right. We went from 10am to almost 6pm, but only managed to cover 50% of the attractions. I should have planned to spend at least 2 days there.My kids received stickers from the service staff who are very friendly. The rides are suitable for young children, boring to adults, but Disneyland is a place for children, right ? I am surprised to see many adults and few children, may be because it was not a school holiday. Even quite a few old people on wheelchairs. I heard one Hong Kong middle aged auntie saying  We didn't enjoy Disneyland when we were kids, so we must enjoy now  ! I shared the same sentiments too :)
II went there with a friend and our two 3 years old children.I have been to all Disneyland parks in the world (Orlando, California, Paris and Tokyo) and this one is far from the worst in all categories:First of all, the staff is awfully rude and unfriendly.  The greeting  at the main gate resembles more a scary custom check than a welcome to a fun attraction park! Don't expect anyone from the staff to smile or to be cheerful there; they have simply not been trained for that!The service in the shops and the restaurants is equally horrible!And yes the guests, mainly Mainland Chinese are quite undisciplined but I was expecting worse and at least they were the only people who actually smiled at our 3 years old kids!The queues are long and the attractions are quite boring. It's not a children friendly place; so avoid this park, especially if you travel with very young children. On the bright side, the park is very clean. My advice, if you want to go to Disneyland, the best ones in terms of service and attractions are in the United States (Orlando   s Disneyworld No1 and Disneyland Anaheim No2).
Having read so much bad publicity I was expecting a very bad Disneyland. So I wasn't disappointed, but not pleasantly surprised either. I went in the morning and as everyone has said, each queue was at least 1 2 hours long. The fastpass isn't very useful either. For my first fastpass I could go back within 1 hour but my second fastpass I obtained before 1pm allowed me to take the ride only at 6:30! The rides are mostly boring. There's only 1 rollercoaster ish ride, which is the space mountain. Its quite good but isn't really THAT exciting. I've tried better at less known themeparks. But objectively its enjoyeable, really.If you (or your kids) like the disney characters, it might be nice to see them walking around or buy the disney merchandise but as I'm not really a fan its no big deal to me.The queue cutting wasn't that bad. There are some people shamelessly walking past us to get to their friends who booked a place in the queue for them in front but you just have to put your feet down and tell them off. I had this person shamelessly saying  excuse me  when I blocked her way as she was trying to go to the front of the queue but its really not as common as some of the people here make it sound. There are probably such people everywhere, no reason to point fingers at mainlanders and say that they have no social etiquette.Some things that are well done include the 3D animation mickey show, forgot what its name is. Shall not reveal the reason why its so good, the surprise element is part of the fun. The fireworks performance at night is also really amazing.A recommendation   Go in the evening if you have to, the queues have eased up by then so you'll probably complete the same number of rides with less frustration than if you start in the day and spend most of the time in queue. And you won't miss the fireworks.
We were in Hong Kong for 5 weeks and are Disney fans. We have been to both Disney parks in the USA and Paris many times. With a little research we had expected the park to be small, crowded because of the holidays, rude and queue jumping mainlanders and the weather to be hot. All these expectations were fulfilled.However, we did NOT expect to encounter rude CMs.We just entered Adventureland from Main Street where there is a stall to the right of the entrance. We wanted fast passes for the Lion King show and asked the girl at the store for directions, she pointed it out to us. Now the girl was not busy because there was no one else about, she was holding a little fan to her face which I don't blame her because of the heat but apparently they are not allowed to do this. Anyway because my children pin trade and she had a lanyard around her, I glanced at the pins on her lanyard. She immediately held up the lanyard but said in NOT a very friendly voice  Did you want to see this? Why don't you ask?! I feel embarassed if you look at me like that!!  Imagine my shock!! Now I'm a woman of 42 and with two kids in tow   why would she think I was staring at anything other than her lanyard?!!! I was so shocked by what she said and her attitude that I didn't know how to react, I just turned around and walked away. I really should have said something to her.Anyway, the more I thought about it the more uncomfortable I felt. She was really accusing me of doing something nasty. I went to City Hall and told a CM about my experience. The nasty CM's name was Mandy. The CM in City Hall was sympathetic but she did not write a report. She said that Mandy must be having a bad day, but I said that was no excuse to speak to a guest that way! She said she hoped the experience did not spoil my day but I said of course it had otherwise I would not be standing in front of her.I told her I met some CMs in Florida last summer where they were sent for training. I know that they are the lucky ones and that they cannot send everyone there to be trained. Maybe because of this I was expecting most of the CMs to be more like the ones in the other Disney Parks. Hong Kong Disneyland should train their CMs on better service attitude and also not to be afraid to speak to mainlanders when they are clearly queue jumping and acting in a non sociable manner. I saw an incident where a CM just let a mainlander queue jump.We stayed at the Disneyland Hotel the last two nights of our trip. The hotel is beautiful and the beds so comfortable. But we were in the pool on our last day and the lifeguards by the pool looked so bored. They have a slide and they have a lifeguard at the top of it. The slide has a red light and green light. Obviously when the light is on green you can slide down the water slide. Now although the lifeguard is there, I watched him and he was NOT looking whether we are going down when the light is on green or red, in fact he was not looking at us at all. There were young children in that queue. I was a little shocked by this.I will visit HK Disneyland again but not in the near future. I will return when there are more attractions and hope by then the mainlanders have learnt more social skills   they catch on very quickly. I did not see any spitting at all. And the CMs   maybe Disney should give them more training or pay them more.......
Well i have never read so many bad reviews for such a lovely place,...Yes ok.. its not Orlando or California or even Tokyo for that.. but it is Disney.. My 8 year old daughter loves it and as we live in Hong Kong we have decided to even go and stay in the hotel this weekend as a treat, It is a beautiful place and a breathe of fresh air for our 8 year old, she thinks it is great! ok she has not been to any other of the parks though me and my husband have been to florida many times and i think it is well worth a visit.. Hong Kong is expensive anywhere u go so hey.. wake up disney aint gonna be cheap. but it is worth the money to see your childrens faces when they meet minnie or mickey or any of the other cast.Go on go.. you will not be disappointed and if you are blame me. hahahhahahhahahhahahaahhahahah
My family has been going to Disney parks since my daughter was 3, and she is now 16 this year! I have been to every Disney park except for Disney Paris, so I can probably give a bad review to the HK DisneyLand. However, I won't because of my experiences and my expectations before going there. I have heard many reviews about how small the park was and how long the lines were and were told by friends and family in HK not to go and instead go to Ocean Park, but I also suspected that many of these people have not yet experienced the HK DisneyLand yet. On the day we went to HK DisneyLand, the weather was no different than any of the other days we were in HK during the week: hot and humid! Based on my research, I had expected the park to be much more smaller than all the other Disney parks and probably very crowded. With that in mind, we went to check out if it was a true  Disney  park and I feel it passed the test. Although much smaller, Disney paid attention to make sure the layout was true to the ones in America. In fact I think some of the shows were better, such as the parade, Lion King show and the Mickey Awards show. We bought some souvenirs (pins!!!) and found the prices to be cheaper than that of Florida and California. As a Chinese American who moved to the US very young and grew up there, I found it to be a blast to hear Mickey and Minnie speak Cantonese. While there are problems with Mainlanders behavior, there were sufficient cast members to handle situations. One such example was when we were waiting in line for the Pooh ride and some people tried to cut in line; a cast member immediately caught them and force them out of the line. As a comparison, we went to Ocean Park earlier in the week, and although bigger in size, the people were ruder and lines were longer. Ocean Park truly did not have enough staff to handle the crowd. My final thoughts are if you are a true Disney fan and have been to other Disney parks, be open minded and realize that although Disney may have made some miscalculations, you are going to HK DisneyLand to experience the magic of Disney. Long lines and bad weather are things to expect and in most cases are not controllable. For first timers to Disney parks, don't fret and get discouraged. If you are able to, follow up to the HK Disneyland with the Japan Disney parks Paris Disney park, then to Disneyland in California and the ultimate treasure: Disney World in Florida! You will be amazed and it will only get better.
My advice to others Keep away its not cheap and not worth the money. Not enough rides and waiting time per ride are around one and a half hours. I was expecting something Magical:0 but Horror :() Trust me you dont want to on a 35C heat during the day with your little kids. If you are in HK I would recommend Ocean Park much more rides and much cheaper.
I visited HK Disney quite a while ago (Jan 2006). I was thoroughly disappointed but not enough to write a review. However, after reading so many positive reviews, I felt compelled to write one myself.Good   Not crowded; good layout; wide streets; clean; new; cheap compared to other Disneys in every respect   food, merchandise, tickets; landscaping immaculate; convenient to get to; multiple languages for guests.Bad   SIZE; lack of attractions, especially those that make Disney so fun and have made Disney so famous in America; people cutting in lines; people spitting; people sleeping on benches and bathing in drinking fountains; staff being too timid to do anything about obvious rule breakers.Okay, I am from America and grew up near Disney World in Orlando, Florida. I worked in Guangzhou, China for quite a while including the time of HK Disney's opening. Therefore, I was constantly getting news about the new Disney. Because I grew up near Disney World, Disney's defining characteristic to me is its size. It's huge! Let me list some facts so people can understand.Disney World   30,000 acres; 4 theme parks plus many others like water parks, campgrounds, outdoor parks, etc.; 24 resort hotels not including campgrounds; 99 holes of golf available; employee training center (large office complex); huge area with employee store.HK Disney   350 acres; 1 theme park; 2 resort hotels.Disney World in Orlando is less than 1 4 developed, yet still boasts all of those things. Animal Kingdom, one park, is 500 acres, which is still larger than the entire HK Disney building area. When you enter the Disney property limits, you drive for miles without seeing anything but trees and grass. Their size of the property is astounding. The parks themselves are also huge with too many attractions to finish in one day, especially if lines are long. You can park in one place and travel from park to park by monorail. From Disney's website:  If you wanted to stay in all the guest rooms in all of the hotels and resorts currently open on Walt Disney World property (at a rate of one per night), it would take more than 61 years. HK Disney is based mostly on Magic Kingdom, one of the four theme parks in Walt Disney World. Yet, it is less than half the size of Magic Kingdom. Magic Kingdom has 45 rides. HK Disney 22, and some of those are from other parks such as Animal Kingdom. Worst of all, the rides that are most popular at Magic Kingdom are not even in HK with Space Mountain being the notable exception.For quite some time before going there, I was told HK Disney is small. I was prepared for small. I was not prepared for microscopic. It's like a miniature Magic Kingdom. The castle is 77 feet tall. WDW's is 185 feet tall, over twice as tall. Main St is tiny. When we first arrived, we unknowingly walked from one end of the park to the other not understanding why we couldn't continue (took about 5 minutes). It was only after looking at the map that we realized we had already reached the end of the park.I do not agree with some of the other members on here that construction was great. I thought many things looked quite cheap. There were also a lot of things in rides that were downscaled quite a bit compared to WDW. Overall, I felt they cut a lot of corners with the park.Space Mountain is much smaller, but might actually be better. Lion King was much different, and also possibly a better show overall.I think the worst yet best thing for me was the Mainlanders. I speak fluent Mandarin and a little Cantonese so I could understand what was going on. The worst was the Mainlanders pushing through lines as if there were no other people there. They would spit, bathe in the drinking fountains, remove shirts and shoes and lounge on benches and sidewalks, spit, stare at peole like me who are obviously foreigners and make comments, etc. They couldn't figure out how to use the Fastpass machines and caused all kinds of problems in lines everywhere. They argued when they weren't allowed to cut in front of the legitimate Fastpass holders even though they themselves had no Fastpass. The undertrained staff was too scared to enforce rules for the most part.The best was the HK residents enforcing the rules themselves. At almost every ride, while waiting, an argument would break out between a HK resident and a Mainlander because of something the latter did. It was great to watch and made waiting in line quite fun.I think Disney did a horrible job planning this park. I think Disney was not prepared for the Chinese market and customers and not at all familiar enough with them from the beginning. I think the park misrepresents Disney to those that know nothing of its other parks. There have been countless news stories of administrative problems as well. Disney built its smallest park in one of the most densely populated areas in the world next to the most populous country in the world?!?! I just find it amazing that a company as big as this could make so many mistakes. To me, it all comes down to poor planning and not knowing enough about the local market. Too bad.
Many people seem to compare DLHK with its sister parks around the world. It is pointless to compare. DLHK is a truly magical place where you will experience the true feeling of magic, dreams, and hope that you experience in all Disney parks. Admitedly the park is a lot smaller than even that of Paris but it still has the charm of Disney   the hairs on your arms will still tingle when you hear the instrumental version of 'circle of life' when you walk to the park entrance, you'll still be amazed at how every performance is perfect and you'll still enjoy the aesthic detail of the park. It was very busy the day that we went and we didnt manage to see everything   do everything. Certain rides had waiting times of over 90 minutes. Chinese were relatively friendly compared to what I had heard about them from reviews. Staff were very friendly. There are not many places to eat proper meals so it's best to take food with you and find a good place to sit at lunch. Best attractions: Jungle River Cruise, Philarmagic (our group of 30 students loved this the most), space mountain (do NOT compare to other space mountains), The lion king (great performance), 100 Golden Mickeys (get there 20 mins early   we missed it 4 times as we turned up 15 mins before show), Buzz lightyear's Astro blasters (spin your carriage using the joystick   no one knew you could!), Disney on Parade (sit on the roadside for a quick coffee and a rest!), Space mountain (worth getting a fast pass), Disney in the Stars (fireworks   amazing sycrinicity with Disney songs)Minor negative points about DLHK: Food   not much of a choice throughout the park. Drinks   4 times more expensive than outside the park. Autopia   not worth a 90 minute Queue. Doesn't have the top attractions of other disney parks.All in all   worth the trip if you want to experience the magic of disney. If you are there for thrill rides, you probably wont feel satisfied with your experience.
I visited the park with my 2 children ages 7 and 10 in July and we loved it! I've been to the Disneyland in LA and despite spending the entire day there without kids, didn't see half of it due to standing in queues so left feeling a bit cheated. However, we got round everything here easily in a day and that was with frequent breaks to allow for the heat and humidity. The longest queue was for Autopia which I have to say was a waste of time but everything else was great with the maximum queue being 15 minutes. Food was reasonably priced and good quality (unlike the US) and all staff friendly and helpful. Even the train getting there was great fun!To the other reviewers complaining about the lack of their favourite rides, isn't it a bit like trying a new restaurant? You try a new one for the differences, not for the similarities to your old favourite!! I'd recommend families with young children go  they'll have a blast!
Was there a month ago with my three kids   what a dissapointment. My kids' favourite rides in Disneyland Magic Kingdom is: Haunted Mansion, Big Thunder Mountain and Pirates of the Carribean. Guess what? They are not in this so called  Disneyland !!! Totally ruined their expectation. Ended up leaving the park early and decided to never return. We got a second day free since we were staing at the Hollywood hotel   kids does not want to return for a second day and we ended up in the hotel's pool instead. If you have been to other disney parks, dont bother with HK disneyland. If you have never been to one, save up and go to a REAL disney park like the one in the US or Japan. Even the Paris park is lightyears ahead of this one.Missing:: Big Thunder Mountain, Splash Mountain, Haunted Mansion, Small world, Star Tours, Peter Pan, Tom Sawyer, Snow White, Fantasmic and many more, oh, also no evening parade!!!Disney must think people in HK just like to walk around aimlessly in the park and not want to be in any attraction. Sad.
Not sure what everyone is looking for when you go here. I've been to Disneyland and Disneyworld, to many times to count. This is another Disney park in Hong Kong.It is small, it is different, but it is unique. Give it a try. I went several times over 10 days spent in HK, and enjoyed comparing the parks to the USA ones. Gift shop prices were certainly cheaper.The food was different, to say the least, but I throughly enjoyed the park. Can easily be seen in one day, not crowed when I was there, but I know it can be on their holidays.
This park is totally not worth your money. If you have a choice, go to the Tokyo park which is only 3 hours away by flight. The tokyo park has about 100 more rides and attraction than the HK disneyland and the cost is about the same!They should never call this park Disneyland. What a sham!
We were in HK DL for five days at the end of may and it was great. We stayed in the kingdom club at the disneyland hotel and it was brilliant. The staff were great and played with my children aged 1, 3 and 8 while I was able to relax with them in my sight. They read them stories, played chasie and even danced to the orchestra with them.The read them a bedtime story every night in their PJs in the club at 9pm.The hotel has a kids program where they have scavenger hunts in the maze, colouring in competions, football games and show disney movies etc   if you want to you can leave the kids at the club and go and enjoy the hotel (or the spa which was lovely) or stay with them. The pool is fantastic, large and supervised   completed with a medim sized waterslide and a fantastic outdoor jacuzzi.The food in the hotel was lovely, western and traditional and cheap   fish and chip $HKD88. The rooms were really comfortable, very large and had absoluetly everything.We actually would have had a great time without even going to the park. The park was great and enough for my family to have a great time, all the characters are there   and do as good a job as thise in LA. Saturday was very busy in comparison to the other days which we were there. We walked   about 10 mins from the hotel to the park everyday and used disneyland prams which are free of charge of you stay in the hotel   but you have to get one from the hotel reception not the park.As there was so much to do at the hotel we did not spend all park at the park   around 4 hours per day was enough and the kids were ready to go back to the hotel.We watched the fireworks every night from the balcony of the club   during the two hour drinks session (included in the price).We loved it and managed to have a really good break there   with so many staff to entertain the kids and with the smaller park there was not the pressure of LA to spend all day there.I was really concerned having read the reviews on this site before I went but my kids loved it and will always remember it and my husband and I had a really good break   totally recommendedWe are returning in six months time!!
Despite all the negative comments I spent two fantastic days here.Yes, it's small no doubt compared to other Disneylands but I still filled the day in without any trouble at all.By the time you take in the brilliant live shows and they really are worth watching   about 30 minutes each, enjoy all the shops, the rides, watch the street parade the day has flown.Best advice is to get there at 10 a.m. when they open because the park tends to get crowded after lunch.I was very surprised at how cheap the food drink was inside and also the souvenirs. I used a couple of theme parks here in Australia as a comparison and Disneyland was excellent value for money.The staff are very enthusiastic and friendly and the entire place takes on such a happy atmosphere.Yes I'd go there again and have every intention of doing so when I return to Hong Kong.
HK disney is boring  go ocean park  go la disney  but dont go hk disney
After going to disneyworld in orlando a few years ago.  This disneyland felt small, but if your going to Hong Kong anyway and you have children this is great my 11 year old daughter enjoyed it alot.  Brett
I took my 11 yr old daughter to Disneyland HK March 31 April 1, 2006. At the last minute we decided to stay at the Disneyland Hotel instead of the Hollywood and were glad we did; Hollywood seemed dark, deserted and dismal! Also, the hotels are NOT located within the theme park so you must take a shuttle bus and still walk quite a ways to get into the park.The Park itself is very small and much less crowded than we had expected, even on Saturday. We were the only guests to book a character breakfast in the Chinese restaurant, and we were frequently able to re ride attractions with virtually no wait. Other reviewers are correct that many  old favorites  are not at this park. On the plus side, the visual effects are great, it is spotlessly clean, and the fireworks show is the best ever. We have been to all of the Disneylands as well as the Disney Cruise and would rate this as  up and coming  rather than  over the top . Go if it is your closest or only option, and be aware that it is easily doable as a daytrip during the day. Biggest detractor were the qeue jumpers who all seemed to be mainland Chinese. Be prepared and don't be afraid to sharpen your elbows!
We visited Hong Kong Disneyland on 28 February while we were visiting friends in Hong Kong. Having read the previous reviews on here, and also with the information that is on the parks own website, we had a pretty good idea that it would not be overflowing with attractions and that is true. However, what is there is of an excellent quality and delivered to a high standard. Having been to both the Disney resorts in the U.S. and also the one in France we felt that that the Hong Kong park was far superior to all of these in it's presentation, it was absoloutely spotless and the staff were so friendly and helpful. We didn't have any problems with food (very good value in comparison to Disney parks in other countries) nor did we see any unsanitary behaviour from the other visitors. Merchandise is also a baragain compared to other Disney parks.It did unfortunately rain when we visited but this made the park very quiet which meant we were able to visit all the shows and the attractions without much of a wait and there were no queues for photos with the characters which is almost unheard of in other countries. The two shows were excellent. The Lion King was different to the one in Animal Kingdom as it is based more on the Lion King story. The Golden Mickey's show was also good with Chinese commentary but songs in English. Attractions include The Jungle Cruise which is improved on the U.S. version and Mickey's PhilarMagic which was the same high quality presentation that is in the Magic Kingdom. A typical Disney parade and then great fireworks at the end of the day.All in all if you read all the information before you go and you understand what's there I don't think there is any reason why you would not have a great day. There is a lack of high thrill rides so if that's what you, or any of your party are looking for, then it won't be worth your money. However, if you are looking for the Disney magic then you will find it here. If you pick a quiet day then one day in the park should be more than adequate.
What a waste of time and money. And to think I was planning on bringing by teenage kids. I went with a mate of mine who happened to be here at the same time. If you are over 8 years old, then there is nothing for you here. There is one roller coaster, Space mountain, that can only be described as LAME!!(my kids favourite word) with banked turns there are no G forces at all. And that my friends is it. Nothing else at all. No other rides that suit anyone over 8. The Dumbo ride is the next most thrilling ride and caters for anyone over the age of 2. Food is terrible. I just didn't eat in the end and I live in Asia so it isn't like I don't eat Asian food. The park is too small, the rides are hopeless, the food is awful, we didn't hang around for the fire works at we would have had to wait another five hours and we were sick of it by then.If you decide you have to go, a morning or afternoon will be enough. I am so pleased I didn't bring my 2 teenage boys from Singapore to HK and waste 2k on planes and hotels. they would not have been happy.One positive note, the park was nearly empty so very short queues. Not a surprise in hindsight.
Husband, daughter and self visited on 23rd November 2005. It was my husbands 50th birthday and my daughters'24th birthday. The whole day my present to them. My Daughter is a mad Pooh fan. She nearly wet herself when she saw him and Tigger. Had heaps of photos with characters. Saw them early in day. No one was around. We danced with Mickey and Minnie. The staff laughing at my 6foot 1inch 135kgs husband with mickey ears on dancing with Minnie and giving her kisses.Purchases heaps of disney gear for Christmas gifts. We had it stored for us so we didn't have to carry it around all day and at the end of the day we went to this building outside the park gave our dockets to them and they got all and i mean all of our parcels. I'm not a rides person but because it was a special day I went on space mountain. Now I know why I'm not a rides person.We found plenty to see. Went to 3d show which was excellent. Mickey and Minnie show good also. Had to laugh though. Announcer says taking photos or filming the show is not allowed. As soon as show started all these flashes started. This show mainly in Chinese. Funny to see Mickey talking in Chinese. We couldn't stop laughing all day. The Pooh ride great for little ones as well as the 24year old.The fireworks were wonderful. I cried. They were so beautiful.After fireworks we picked up our many parcels and went to Disneyland Hotel for dinner in the Enchanting Garden Restaurant. Staff stored our parcels for us. This was a treat, having Mickey, Daisy, Goofy and Pluto at our table. They were playing tricks on us and chasing us around the buffet It was wonderful. Some of the food was themed plus dishes from all over the world.We had Mickey, Daisy, Goofy and Pluto all bring out the birthday cake which I had ordered earlier. All the staff stood around and sang  Happy Birthday  plenty of photos.My husband and daughter said it was the best birthday that they had EVER had and will remember it for the rest of their life.
Visited this place last Jan 23, 2006. Our all ride fee of USD70w as not worth it! Too small with very few rides for children and especially for adults. I think there were more commercial stores or souvenir shops than the rides you can enjoy. They have to drop the entrance fee by at least half so people can appreciate the place and what they paid for. NOt worth visiting the place at the moment not until they upgrade it very soon. The Ocean park is a lot better theme park to go rather than this place.
Spent Christmas Eva at the park (11:30am 8:30pm).  We were on a day bus trip from Guangzhou.  Going through China HongKong customs was the worst part of the day.  None of the park problems some reviewers complained about.  The bathrooms, trash cans, and water fountains were all...More
Hong Kong Disneyland is indeed very small, but absolutley gorgeous. The park is so clean! My wife and I visited on November 22nd 2005 and had truly magical day.Getting to the park is so simple and the Disney train with its Mickey Mouse shaped windows is superb.A few of the rides have fastpasses, but as the park is quite empty (11,000 the day we visited), you really don't have to queue for much. You can easily see and do everything in the park in a day at a quite leasurely pace.The 'Tarzan' treehouse gives a fantastic view of the park and its surroundings, the surrounding mountain create a beautiful backdrop.Space Mountain is very much like the EuroDisney version and we only queued for 10 mins to get on. The Golden Mickeys is excellent but allow a good 45 mins before the show time to make sure you get in. The shops are very good but due to the size of the park they do not offer as much range as the bigger parks.The staff were very helpful and the food was fantastic. We were escorted to a table and even shown how to use the chopsticks! The Fireworks at the end of the day are the best we have seen at any Disney.Reading some of the negative comments we were very anxious about going but were really surprised at how lovely the park is. 57% of the park is owned by the Hong Kong government which means there is a very 'Chinese' feel about Hong Kong Disneyland. There are plans to expand the park in the future but it is definitely worth a visit.
We were there 1st and 2nd of November 2005. It's a wonderful experience for the kids and for those who haven't been to other Disneylands World. I do agree though that it's tiny and is lacking in a lot of rides and attractions that the other Disneylands have. If you've been to Orlando's Disney World, this Disney would appear quite dismal. Nonetheless, it is still magical. The thing is, try not to compare and go in with an open mind. Fantasyland had only the Pooh Hunny ride (which we went on 3 times!) which was animated. Other than that, they had the Carousel, Dumbo and the Tea Cups. They had a great show though called the Golden Mickey's which was thoroughly entertaining. It's presented in Cantonese but the songs are all done in English. Mickey's Philharmonic 3D show was great fun too, so don't miss that. Tomorrowland had Space Mountain and the Buzz Lightyear animated ride. That was about it. The Buzz Lightyear thing was quite fun. They had the usual robotronic (I forget what it's called) ride (the flying saucer thing which is more like an amusement park ride).Adventureland had only the Jungle Cruise and Tarzan's Treehouse. The Jungle Cruise taken at nite (sun sets at about 5.45pm) was a gem! The lighting and the fire effects were quite good. And the animals didn't look quite as fake in the nite as they do in the day. And the good thing is they have 3 rides   in English, Cantonese and Pu Tong Hua. The English Q was the shortest! We missed the Lion King Festival though so no review on that.The best thing is that they have the Fast Pass service. Do use that for the popular attractions. All you need to do is look for the attractions' Fast Pass counters and feed your park ticket in. You will be issued with a fast pass which allows you to come back at a specific time, say between 2.00 and 3.00pm, and you can just walk straight into the ride without having to Q up. Brilliant! It's scheduled 2 hours from the time you feed your park ticket in so if you get to the park early and plan on staying on for a long period of time, DO USE the fast pass. It saves heaps of time! The fireworks were marvellous! Do stay on till 7pm (on weekdays) for it. It's worth it. The parade at 3.30pm is OK. Fun, as I'd said, if you have never seen a Disney parade before. However, the parades at Disney World and EuroDisney were definitely better. The park itself was very clean and they had staff sweeping and cleaning discreetly the entire day! Nothing like what was described earlier by the guest from America (abt smoking and unsanitary conditions). In fact, I saw a park staff telling a smoking guest quite sternly in a polite manner that smoking was NOT ALLOWED in the park. And overall, the staff were excellent in service and attention and all spoke fluent English.The food was reasonably priced and good. They even have a foodcourt called the Banquet which had very nice food. Utensils were packed nicely in small little plastic bags and the Qs moved quickly even at peak lunch hour. Plenty of seating all around. There was a great Chinese restaurant called Shanghai something or other (just round the corner from the Candy Store) that served up very nice food including a high tea set (they allow strollers to be pushed in into this restaurant). A great place to rest up in the middle of the day and to let the kids take a nap in airconditioning. Security was good too as in all Disney parks and our stuff remained safe even when we had to stroller park while taking the rides. Plenty of benches all around the park for resting your feet. And the drinks and ice cream sold were priced very affordably.Shopping was great! Very reasonable compared to the things sold in other Disney parks. Hardly nothing over SGD$100  , not even the lovely clothing with the sparkling details etc. I bought Ts for my kid at HKD$100   $110! The Disneyland Hotel was fabulous! The rooms were plush and comfy and they had complimentary snacks sweets chocs and soda for the kids! And of course, complimentary bottled water throughout your stay. They had lovely Disney bedroom slippers for each guest even the tiniest guest and they had a lovely amenities set with the seven dwarfs printed on them. And child sized bathrobes too. Service was fantastic and the food was just excellent and reasonably priced. They had a great pool, an indoor lap pool, a well equipped gym and lovely grounds to stroll about in. It's also by the sea so the view is fantastic. The highlight was dining with the Disney characters, Mickey and gang. Don't worry about lining up to take pics at Main Street   at the Enchanted Garden restaurant, they come right up to your table! Wonderful!All in all, a great experience and plenty of fun! Do visit while you're in Hong Kong. However, it's more suitable for children below 12 years. The teens and adults would find the park quite boring with the lack of the more thrilling rides at this point in time.
I went there on a weekday. It wasn't that crowded than I expected. The whole Resort is situated at Penny's Bay on Lautau Island, the largest Island in Hong Kong. Hong Kong Disneyland Resort is easily accessible by MTR (Mass Transit Rail), and they have its own train line, that is, Disneyland Resort Line. The Transportation System in Hong Kong is very good, it only takes 25 30 mins to get me from Central(Hong Kong Island) to Disneyland Resort Station(Penny's Bay). The location of the Resort is the best among all disneylands, the whole resort is nestled among hills mountains with South China Sea at the south side overlooking the Hong Kong downtown Skyline.There are four Lands in HK Disneyland, namely, Mainstreet USA, Fantasyland, Adventureland and Tomorrowland. I enjoyed very much 3 of the shows, two being live shows (Festival of the Lion King and Golden Mickeys) and one 3 D Show (Mickey's Philharmagic). Although the rides at HKDL are limited in quantity, I don't see any lack of quality in the park. Space Mountain is one of the attractions I like most, the building is very futuristic and the ride itself very good. All the CMs (cast members) are very friendly and courteous. Hong Kong Disneyland has the largest Adventureland and the Jungle Cruise is nicely done. I have noticed that they have put a lot of effort in theming and landscaping. Tomorrowland looks really cool and beautiful particularly at night. Although the Sleeping Beauty Castle is a replica of the original DL, it reminds me the special magic and charm of the original Disneyland at Anaheim. The Parade and Night time Fireworks also worth seeing. Food is definitely quite good and affordable. The good news is that they are expanding. Hong Kong is already a big attraction in its own right, with the newly opened Hong Kong Disneyland...I really had a blast!and I will come back....
My husband and I took our 2 kids and it was the worst experience of our lives. Mothers take heed, you will be endangering the lives of your children should you bring them to this modern day Sodom and Gomorrah.First off, the park is poorly designed and incredibly miniscule. There are hardly any rides, and as you can imagine, with this few rides of course the lines are ridiculously long. Expect to wait 3 hours and more for even the worst of rides, though no  great  ones even come to mind. I truly believe that they built this whole park around the fact that it has Space Mountain and felt like it was enough to cheat their  ignorant  clientele into believing this is the real thing. This is NOT a real Disneyland, not the type I grew up with. This is at best an ultra mini version, and if anything, they should have made the ticket prices ultra mini as well because there is no way in hell the experience was worth the ticket price.But speaking of clientele, this may have been the worst thing about Hong Kong Disneyland. Before you think I am the squeamish type, my parents were in the Peace Corps and our family traveled all over Africa and South America. I grew up seeing decay and disease, and I can say I have never seen a greater cesspool of human waste and potential for the spread of disease as I did at Hong Kong Disneyland.My husband gagged and nearly threw up when he went for a drink of water to find feces in the drinking fountain.We saw a mother help her little boy with his trousers while he urinated next to a food stand.Smokers EVERYWHERE. Mind you, we're at Disneyland, not on the city streets where smoking in public is repulsive is enough. My husband and I nearly lost it when a man BLEW CIGARETTE SMOKE into the faces of our children!Mind you, we alerted Disney staff to these infractions and they DID NOTHING! It was unbelievable. It's like they were either very poorly trained or they were instructed to turn the other cheek.We found it irreprehensible. How park officials could let people smoke in public around children, blow smoke into children's faces, no less, and still consider themselves  kid friendly  is beyond us. Worst, this is DISNEYLAND! Yes, smoking everywhere is permitted at Hong Kong Disneyland.There were hundreds of other unsanitary and unsightly things that we encountered during our visit, almost too many to mention. We've never seen such outwardly anti social public displays ever in our entire lives. Wiping exposed underarms with bare hands and then smelling the hand, putting up bare feet everywhere on park benches and then rubbing and picking at the toenails, it was so disgusting. At times, you would think you were toiling away at some chicken farm instead of spending your holiday at Disneyland. The most shocking thing is that with the new outbreaks of bird flu virus predicated to happen any day now and possibly the re emergence to a more deadly and untreatable version of SARS, that there could be such horrid public sanitation and behavior at of all places, Disneyland!When you consider that SARS was originated in this part of the world from precisely this type of unsanitary behavior, and when you are among the 30,000 people packed into a space that is a third the size of Disneyland in the US, and people are urinating on the street and defecating in the water fountains, that you are in fact HIGHLY SUSCEPTIBLE to these type of diseases, whether it's SARS or H5N1 bird flu.What's more, Hong Kong Disneyland is like a hot box of second hand cigarette smoke for children. So either you are exposing yourself to the dangers of highly contagious fatal diseases brought on by unsanitary conditions and human behavior, or to preventable diseases such as cancer by inhaling second hand smoke when you visit Hong Kong Disneyland.Besides these factors, this place is supposed to be fun? Yes, but unfortunately, this place is as close as a family on holiday can get to the burning gates of Hell. DO NOT VISIT HONG KONG DISNEYLAND!
The park is small. Tiny small.They say one of their selling points is that it's the first park built yet that is based entirely on the original park, but with an unlimited imagination this is the best they could come up with.There are only a few attractions. Like four major attractions, three show attractions and a handful of childrens rides.The train that goes around the park is not steam powered  it's electric with a smoke machine to create the  steam  coming out of the smokestack, and it only has two stations  Main Street and Fantasyland.In general, the park lacks character, ambiance and friendliness, the ride ops seem untrained and ambivalent, and I was surprised at how cheaply made it all seemed to be. In fact, several of the attractions felt like carnival rides in their queues and execution. The one thing that bothered me the most is that despite Hong Kongs weather (really hot in the summer and fall, cool in the winter and spring) the park seems unable to deal with it in a comfortable way. The queues are, for the most part outdoors, and there are no water misters or fans to deal with the heat. The food is inexpensive, however, and some of it is really good.The Jungle River Cruise is the best attraction in the park from a design sense, and they really tried to give it the detail it deserves. The finale is fantastic. The english version of the ride needs some ride operators who speak english well, because the jokes all fell really flat when there is no sense of timing or a punchline. The cantonese version was fantastic, and the operators were really very funny.Japan is just four hours north by plane, if you need a Disneyland fix, I would recommend Tokyo Disneyland and DisneySeas in Tokyo Bay instead. Until Hong Kong Disneyland gets more of the classic attractions, it is not worth the money.
Visited Hong Kong Disneyland on the 28th September and although smaller than some of the other Disney sites, it still offers a great day out for children and adults alike (indeed, many of the visitors WERE adults without children   that inner child in all of us!).We travelled from Central on the train to Sunny Bay station then got the Disneyland express to the gates of the park. The train itself has Mickey head shaped windows which everyone loved. Inside there are comfortable seats and small statues of the Disney figures. Everything was spotlessly clean.I had bought the tickets on line and the Magic ticket retrival system was fantastic. Simply put in credit card used in transaction and out popped the tickets. Bag was quickly checked (no  big deal  about checking every single compartment   just a cursory glance in the bag then on our way). No waiting in a long line..Once inside there is a walkway with a fountain then the train station. Staff are on hand to take your photo but there was no hard sales pitch, just a small voucher and  will be ready in an hour or so if you would like to buy Main street is similar to that of Anaheim. There are shops selling t shirts and badges etc. I was disappointed to see there was no animation art shop but there was a jewellery store with crystal Mickeys...First stop Adventureland and the  Jungle Cruise . There are two lines for this   one for locals and the other for English speakers. No waiting, straight on..The  guide  spoke good English and tried to make it exciting for the children on the boat. There seemed to be a small hitch when we were held in one area for a minute or so (and the guide wasn't sure what to say) but it was a lovely sunny day and nobody minded.Tomorrowland attracted the most crowds   Astro blasters (firing a laser at targets) was a  blast . Space Mountain was fast and exciting. Everyone came out on  wobbly legs  The two  live  shows   Lion King and Golden Mickeys are well worth a visit. The latter is in Cantonese so funny listening to Mickey talking away in a different language. Although I never understood a word of it, it was easy to follow and highly entertaining. The Lion King (in English) was brilliant. A shortened version of the stage show. Yes there aren't as many attractions but there was less standing in line (the longest I spent was 10 minutes). Every area could be reached quickly and easily and in that heat, you don't want to have to walk 10 miles between attractions!The parade down main street was good (though we didn't stay for the fireworks due to prior commitments with SAM the tailor!). Food was cheap and Asian   Dim Sum (we tried both the deep fried and the steamed and both were lovely). The Mango pudding is to die for!!There is plans to expand the site so future visitors will have more to see and do. Would I go back? Yes, most certainly. A magical day..
Visited Hkg Disney Sept 16 ,5 days after it officially opens to the public. Hkg disney is small you can tour the area minus the rides in an hour or so. There are 4 main attractions inside namely ;Mainstreet , USA where you can have the opportunity to see and take pictures of your favorite disney characters, lots of souvenir shops where you can buy almost anything you could imagine with that famous disney logo. The Adventureland, Fantasyland and Tomorrowland offers fun and rides. Not to miss out the musical the Golden Mickey at Disney and the Festival of Lion King where you can experience one of a kind entertainment at its best. The only setback is that it took us 20 25 mins queue time to get on a ride considering its a weekday so expect the crowd during Sat & Sun. My daughter loves Winnie the Pooh , I have to ride along in Pooh's hunny pot twice for the adventure of Pooh so we have to line up again. But its all worth the wait. It brings out the kid in me. Have a magical day!
Obviously I haven't visited Hong Kong Disneyland myself, but it doesn't take a genius to deduce from the final attractions list that this ISN'T the Disneyland we all know and love. This park is distinctly lacking in attractions... and lands.There are only 4 actual moving rides: The Jungle Cruise (slow moving boat ride), The Many Adventures of Winnie The Pooh (slow moving dark ride), Buzz Lightyear's Astro Blasters (slow moving dark ride), and Space Mountain (high speed family coaster). So, not much to do for those craving excitement or thrills.There is no Pirates of the Carribean, no Big Thunder Mountain, no Haunted Mansion, no Indiana Jones Adventure, no Splash Mountain, no Peter Pan's Flight, no It's A Small World, no Star Tours, and no Autopia. Yes, you will find none of these attractions in Hong Kong Disneyland.There's also no Frontierland. What? Yes, Frontierland has been completely obliterated from the park, leaving only 4 lands: Main Street USA, Adventureland, Fantasyland and Tomorrowland. Great.
This place has always been and forever will be special. The feeling you get entering the park, seeing the characters and different attractions is just priceless. This is definitely a dream trip for all ages, especially young kids. Spend the money and go to Disneyland, you will NOT regret it
A great day of simple fun and thrills. Bring cash, nothing is cheap, but we knew that it's Disney. But they are great letting you bring in your own food, drinks, etc but read the list closely, we list several items at the entry gates (selfy sticks, glass refill bottles, etc). It is worth buying the photo pass and fastpass. Have fun!
All and all a great day was had. The crowds are huge and ride times sometimes up to a 50 min wait but worth it. Very disappointed the castle was under repair and covered but we understood. If you want to take a short cut on the rides grab a Max Pass for 15 each it allows you to book a time every 90mins and believe me it's a great feeling floating past the ques.
Having been to the Florida location numerous times over the years I didn't know how this one would compare. The much smaller footprint made it quicker easier to get from ride to ride. The Cinderella's castle was much much smaller, but also being renovated. Many of the rides were identical, while some were notably different. The Indiana Jones Ride (which FL does not have) was awesome. Space Mountain was much more puke worthy. It's a Small World was way more beautiful from the exterior. They had several of the old rides that FL doesn't have (like Pinocchio and Mr. Toad). I LOVE how their fast passes worked... it was easy to use and we were able to use them back to back on rides, fast passing almost everything we wanted to ride. We went the first week of April and while crowded, I didn't think it was too bad. We were only in the park for like 7 hours and I do wish I'd had about 3 more hours to do everything.
Had the 4 day pass, spent 3 at DL and one at CA. Great place to visit. We will be back. Saw a lot in those days, but there is more that we missed, and more we want to see again.
Oh my god you can really forget your self and enjoy everything you face there its a huge word of fun
We were so sad that the castle was under refurbishment, but we didn   t let it ruin our good time. I purchased the Maxpass before we went and it was super easy to use and very convenient. Maxpass includes free pictures taken by Disney photographers. I have been to Disney World and there is no shortage of photographers. This was not the case here. They definitely need to add more. We were able to do all of the rides that we wanted to do, and we got the snacks that we wanted to try. We spent two days here and on the last day we watched the Fireworks show. It was amazing. All of the workers were polite and helpful.
Took my son to the Park on a weekend(Fri Sun). Very busy all over the places. My son enjoyed it, but he was very sad that he could not try a lot of attractions as the wait time was huge.....( ranging from 60 90 minutes) If you have a lot of time to waste waiting in the line for the attractions, FASTPASS system at the park is just a ripoff. You can have only one attraction added to your plan at any point, once you complete that attraction you can add one more.
There's nothing like Disneyland and it should be on your  bucket list  if you've never been. Park is well maintained and parking is OK, but not cheap at $25. Tickets can cost up to $150 per adult (10 years old and up) during  peak  periods. Food is not cheap either. If you take a family without a season's pass, you could easily spend hundreds of dollars just on admission tickets. If you go frequently, get a Disney credit card to get free park perks and park promotions. Downtown Disney is also a fun place to visit.
I think it   s because going to Disneyland is one of my earliest memories, but I just love visiting the park every few years. You won   t find a place with friendlier more helpful staff and the entire park is so clean. Yes, it   s expensive for many and there are crowds, but you can adjust the timing of your visit for fewer crowds and you can visit on a budget if you plan ahead. It   s such a special place for so many people and kids enjoy themselves too. There are loads of online resources on how to visit on a budget such as staying at an offsite hotel and bringing your own snacks and meals. I highly recommend that everyone try it once, but be warned, it   s highly addictive.
I   ve been going to Disneyland since the early 60   s, and the Magic never gets old . This was my 4th visit this year. We have developed a strategy that works best for us. We stay at a Disney resort and you can get in at 0700. We can actually get on about 5 rides in less than 2 hours. As the day goes on the crowds thicken and wait times are over an hour making it difficult to experience everything. Max pass is worth the extra $. By nightfall the crowds can be overwhelming , so early is better.
The last time I was here, the area Disney's California Adventure now occupies was the parking lot; it was magical then and through the years and changes, the magic remains. This was the first visit for my wife and daughters and they thoroughly enjoyed themselves. I could go every year and never get tired of it (I understand why some people opt to get annual passes)!To guard against disappointments; research, research, research. I cannot stress that enough. If there is an attraction that you have your heart set on experiencing, check multiple sources to see if it is undergoing a refurbishment and what the timeline for said refurbishment could be. I knew castle would be encased in scaffolding and would not be visible during our visit. However, it did not detract from our experience. If you have friends and or family members who recently went, hit them up for advice and learn from their experiences.Another thing, expect crowds regardless of what time of year it is. Granted, some times of the year can be busier than others. We were fortunate that the time we were here, crowds were not overwhelming, fastpass return times were reasonable, and we didn't have to wait too long on the rides where everyone rides standby.Use the app; it will really, really help you;seeing standby times and fastpass return times can help you adjust your plan to how things are at the moment or help you decide what to do next. It will also help you locate where specific characters are and when they will be there.Lastly, I highly recommend seeing Mickey's Soundsatonal Parade from start to finish. I also highly recommend seeing both night shows (Fantasmic & Mickey's Mix Magic). If you want to catch the earlier Fantasmic show, you should probably go get your fastpasses for it right after rope drop as the earlier show will likely go fast. By the time I went to get our passes, only the later showing was available.
This is going to be a lengthy review, only because this trip had been planned for over a year. Let's start with the lines. Now, myself and 4 others had planned this trip for over a year, we went Easter long weekend and we already were fully expecting it to be busy. We had a 5 day park hopper pass to be able to get on everything and enjoy both parks fully. The Friday, and Sunday were the least busiest days and the most enjoyable. But, there are lines for everything! Lines to get your bags checked, lines to get in, sometimes lines well past the monorail and took 30 minutes or more and lines for rides of up too 120 minutes or more! These parks are so packed full its impossible to move around. Fast pass is a joke unless you get to them early! Got a fast pass at 10 am and was to come back at use it at 6:30pm! The rides: With the 5 days we did manage to get on everything at least twice. But more often then not Indiana Jones was broken. Space Mountain went down a few times, Splash Mountain went down, Big Thunder Mountain, Incredibles Coaster, pretty much everything was broken at one time or another. Waited in line for 45 minutes for Cars before being given a fast pass and told it was broke at about 7pm, it never did reopen that night. If you only have a day pass or hell even 3 days the wait times and the amount of broken down rides would make it near impossible to get on everything. Food: Maybe I am picky, but my friends agreed it was near impossible to find anything decent here. The Red Rose Tavern wasn't bad but it was fast food and it wasn't exactly cheap or anything to rave about. Odered a burger and it was ready before I was done paying! The Grey stuff was pretty delicious though! I can't understand why the Bengal Barbeque has such great reviews. It cost me $5:50 for a chicken skewer that has 3 little pieces of chicken on it! We did the $30 dinner and Fantasmic tickets with the Hungry Bear resturant and what a joke! You got a piece of chicken and or salmon, Rice with cranberries and peaches in it (yuck!) And a arugula salad with chick peas. It came in a plastic container like something from a cafeteria. The Blue Bayou was the only place in Disney that was absolutely blow your mind fantastic. It is not cheap however it was a splurge dinner. The best food we food was outside the park! Better food and prices! Ot is nice they let you bring in water and food now since a water bottle cost $4.50! The churro stands were really good and so was the popcorn stands. The Wine Country Trattoria in California Adventure was very good! Amazing pasta and wine pairings and we did the World of Color package and we got excellent seats for $50 a person. The shows: Fantatsmic and World of Color are incredible and must watch while your here! Get there early to get good seats and don't be suckered into the dinner and show packages for Fantasmic! The one through Hungry Bear was a massive disappointment! The food was terrible and we were told to get there by 8pm but they had already started seating people way before that! We were sat on the side and were obstructed by lamp post and a gate! We saw Fantatsmic the second night and went early, stood on the bridge and it as a primo spot! The World of Color we did the dinner and show through The Wine Country Trattoria and there the food was fantastic and the seats were right up front! That was a $50 package and that was worth it! Overall I've learned a lot from this experience. I would love to come back but may better select our dates. From reading other reviews though sounds like they over pack these parks no matter the time of year. For how much you pay, the wait times and food are just not worth is. Eat outside the park, get fast passes when you can. Hope lady luck is on your side and the rides aren't all broken down. For how much money they must make the rides are always broken!!It was fun, made some great memories, I guess I just expected more but if felt like a money grab everywhere you turned.
It is no doubt a legendary place but I just dont think it's worth the money and headache of overcrowding and overpriced everything. Disney continues to raise the price of admission and the crowds are ridiculous every single day. There are plenty of things to do in SoCal that are cheap or free. Save your family hundreds of dollars and go somewhere else.
I always love to go to Disney land. The kids have a blast as well as adults.  Downside is that it's to crowded not alot of room
Who knew? Easter Day is light! No line was more than 25 minutes wait, and that was the popular rides! Great day   definitely hit Indiana Jones, Thunder Mtn & the Matterhorn.
I   ve been to Disneyland several times in the past 3 decades. This visit, I sensed the employees were disgruntled or unhappy. Very few smiles from the staff. In addition, the staff was prowling for people crossing the ropes while Fantasmic was on. Why do we need a Fastpass to enter to watch the Fan tasmic show when everyone has been situated and there is tons of space for paying customers without a Fastpass? See attached picture. Through the whole show, the entire space was unoccupied while there were 5 8 yr olds next to us straining to catch a glimpse.If you wanna pay $129 to stand in line for hours to ride an average of 9 rides that last 3 to 11 minute, this is the place for you. Disneyland has become so greedy that they overcrowd by double capacity just to make money without a care for their customers. It   s ridiculous to have minimal places to sit and rest with this large of a park. I highly recommend Universal Studios VIP pass over this mess.
Last time I was there was for Grad night in 1978. My wife won Disney tickets for 4 so we took our youngest granddaughter. Many of the sights I remember and haven't changes a whole lot.The experience was great and i thought the afternoon parade was outstanding. Definitely will not be waiting another 40 years before returning.
Honestly,if you are reading this review then you are seeking different tips for the Disneyland park experience. Once you decide to visit, there is no turning back. Every person should have at least one experience with Mickey, Minnie and their entourage. Hack 1.Prepay your ticket. Park at Downtown Disney. Parking rate is the same at the park. Every minute counts and waiting to park then catch the tram is wasted minutes. Board the monorail located in Downtown Disney and you will be delivered in Tomorrowland (near space mountain). That's right, you skip all entry lines. Your pre purchased ticket is entry at the monorail boarding station. If you desire to take pictures at the entry of Disneyland then this is not a hack for you. Hack 2.The Disneyland Railroad, East of the monorail deboarding station, takes you around the entire park and different entry points of the various lands. The train ride is fun, it is an actual attraction, and you see much of the park, and boarding at Tomorrowland is less crowded than the other points. I highly recommended that you complete the full tour and then map your experiences of what to do next. Pirates of the Caribbean is always a long wait. I would recommend to begin your day in New Orleans Square, where much of the popular attractions are located.Hack 3.Late November to early January is the most beautiful time of the year to experience Disneyland. I find it less crowded and wait line times are 60 minutes and less. I've been going to Disneyland when there were colored tickets to get on the rides. Did I just date myself?Disneyland is overpriced. Food is uneventful, yet the New Orleans Square has good food. Food is pricey. Lines can be so long that your 8 hour day may only be 4 rides. Families come to Disneyland for a technology alternative (togetherness), unfortunately, the long lines will tempt you to take out your phones to entertain your children rather than endure the complaining. Parades and other events are worth delving into. Let me know how these hacks optimize your experience.
Pure magic for both children and adults alike. Happiest place on Earth   how can you not be happy at Disneyland! Sure it is a little expensive but when you really immerse yourself in the experience it is money well worth spending. We had 4 days   3 nights and purchased the park hopper tickets. Definitely recommend the park hopper as you can come and go as it suits.
Great place for people like me that prefer the more relaxing in life than the thrill seekers.Its never been a cheap destination and it has only increased in price but I would still recommend it at least once Pirates of the Caribbean, Big thunder railroad, Indiana Jones rides have always been go to for me
We found this park to provide family friendly fun with a variety of shows and rides. We pre paid our tickets to save time which was a benefit and were glad we paid extra for the park hopper tickets which give flexibility to move between the parks as you wish over the days to suit the rides   attractions you want to do. I enjoyed this park the most. There is a range of eateries so not just fast food and there are lots of shopping options for Disney merchandise if that   s what you like.We enjoyed the mix magic fireworks   music   light show every day and only wished we had watched the other show also. The parade was fun too and both were impressive.There can be long queues for some rides but waiting times vary and are displayed to inform your decision although fast pass could be purchased for an extra cost when we visited. We also found that around show   parade times queues reduced for some rides.
My partner and I paid $149 each for tickets to this park as my partner wanted to see the original Disney castle.When paying for the tickets nothing was mentioned about a couple of issues we had.Firstly we walked through and tried to take a photo using a selfie stick to be told we either have to throw it away or take it back to the car or hotel as they are banned. So we had to leave and come back again.Then once we finally got back in we saw countless people with cameras on selfie sticks which was very annoying, but not as annoying as them not pre telling us before paying that the castle isn   t even visible as they are working on it or something. It was just wooden panels with a castle painted on it so we paid full price for partial access and activities to be available to us.We should have been told as we   d have left the park for another LA holiday and not wasted $300.Disney this is unacceptable and a true disappointment The only good thing was out breakfast in the Carnation Cafe where the staff were superb and the Apple cinnamon pancakes to die for.All in all a very expensive disappointing day thanks to Disney not pre advising people at the gate as to what works were or are being carried out.
Disneyland is always a magical place to visit with friends and family or even on your own for a day!
My wife and I loved Disneyland..We spent 3 days with a 3 day Hopper pass in between California Adventure and Disneyland...We still could have spent more time in both..The family and happy atmosphere is compulsive and can   t wait to get back. Stay for the fireworks down Main Street. Plenty of wifi hot spots, food stores and great gift shops..unexpectedly good rides like the Small Small world in Fantasyland are a must...
This was our first visit to Disneyland after two previous visits to DW. We felt slightly cheated as they were refurbishing the castle and it was closed down, however, we had a great time. We did the adult only thrill seeking ride thing. We really enjoyed Indiana Jones (but make sure you   re in the front), The Haunted Mansion and Pirates of the Caribbean rides. HM and Pirates are both much better than DW.
I wish they had better food restaurant choices, but the attractions make up for this deficit so it's all good.
I   m a Florida resident so Disney world holds a special place in my heart. We only had time to visit 1 park in Anaheim and everyone else was pushing for Disneyland. I really wanted to go to California adventure. So glad i was out voted. Disneyland is so adorable and quaint compared to the much larger Disney world. The lines were much shorter, the people much friendlier and you could see the parade right from the lines! It was great. Happy I went.
So here are the pros:Lots of characters located throughout the parkFun rides Incredible shows Overall atmosphere ConsLong lines Fast pass not what you think (although it does help) Not as many rides for the 11 year old plus compared with other parks Summary : nice place to visit at least once in your life to say you have been there. We really enjoyed the overall atmosphere at Disneyland but the fast pass was not what you think as you can get two to three rides per day. For adults that are pretty chill waiting in long lines isn   t a big deal but with crazy twins it can make it a little challenging . Wish there was a true fast pass you could pay extra for to make the overall experience better. I   d give it a solid B grade wise but liked Universal much better
Great place, please do not hesitate in visiting Disney.  The shows, the rides and the food.  Everything it   s perfect
To all who comes to this happy place, welcome. Well Walts vision has been lost along the way over the past few years as this is my third and final trip to Disneyland. I have never experienced so many rude and obnoxious staff throughout the park as we did this time. If the staff are that unhappy with their jobs or pay then step aside and give a job to someone who wants to work. Disney has just turned into a massive cash cow who can't handle the large crowds but keep jamming people into the park until it becomes uncomfortable. We were fully aware of the large crowds of the Christmas period but disneyland promoted activities for you to enjoy and when we arrived at these events people were being moved along by staff, saying that you cannot stand there.Disney have made WiFi available in the park aswell and this just leads to people not watching where they are going because all people are doing is looking at phones instead of watching where they are walking.Do yourself a favor and go to Knotts Berry Farm, its a lot cheaper and not as crowded.
The original is the best, and taking my kids gave me the chance to feel what my parents did 30  years ago when they took me. The park does everything right, from the decor, to the facilities, to the staff.Pay extra for the MaxPass feature with photos. It's excellent, allowing you to get Fast Passes on your phone, and get the staff to take your picture for you.The rides ate great, and so are the shows. Can't say enough good things.
Had a fun couple of days :) FastPass was so worth it! The park is not as big as I expected and you could pretty much see do everything in two days. The dance party at night (9:30pm   with the fireworks) was actually so much fun and as an adult I wasn't expecting it haha.
Get on your comfy clothes and shoes, have cash, sunscreen, sunglasses and be prepared to wait sometimes. Relax and give in to the experience and have a fantastic time.
This was our first trip to Disneyland. We live on the East Coast and I have been to Disney World many times (like 30 ). I actually found some things at Disneyland to be nicer. Likewise some things I prefer at Disney World. I wouldn   t say one is nicer than the other, just different. Even the same corresponding rides are different at each park. For example, I found the Haunted Mansion and It   s a Small World to be nicer here and Splash Mountain better at Disney World. I love that they have a parking deck at Disneyland. It   s only been there since 2001 or so because where California Adventure is now is what used to be part of their parking lot. I think it looks very nice that the sidewalks are brick as a pass to the pink colored concrete of Disney World. The brick looks more aesthetically pleasing. Cinderella   s castle at Magic Kingdom Florida is prettier though I think it looks very nice that the sidewalks are brick as opposed to the pink colored concrete of Disney World. The brick looks more aesthetically pleasing. Cinderella   s castle at Magic Kingdom in Florida is prettier than Sleeping Beauty   s though. I really love this park and will be back!
EXPENSIVE!    Value    for your money...PRICELESS! That   s RIGHT Mouseketeer   s...Disneyland Resorts ARE the HAPPIEST places on earth! Period, end of story...love it or leave it! Year after year we make at LEAST one trek to this place in Anaheim, CA to revel in our own Epicureanism! And it   s worth every penny. Parking at this point is $25 per day (preferred parking is more). Tickets start at $140 per day (at the ticket booth). If your good with that, then GO and once you   re in the Park...LET GO, RELAX, and FORGET ALL YOUR WORRIES! The Rides, the Atmosphere, the Food, the Cleanliness, the incredible sculpted Plantings and all those FABULOUS Disney Team Members will take your breath away! The BEST part...just BEING there...the worst part, LEAVING! It can be crowded, so do your due diligence on line before hand. We have NEVER had the experience where we were disappointed due to the amount of people in attendance. Blackout days WILL BE CROWDED...that   s why they are    Blackout days   ! Be sure to stay long enough to enjoy the evening FIREWORKS (SPECTACULAR and EVERY night)! Planning 6 months to a year in advance is your best bet. As soon as we leave and get home from a wonderful Disneyland Vaca, we are planning the next visit. This week, in this Reviewer   s opinion, Disneyland has earned this    highly recommend    5 Points review!
I found I liked Disneyland better than Disney World. It is not so overwhelming. Sweet could have easily spent more time just soaking it in. Every detail has been attended to as well as it is sooo clean!
This iconic theme park has a lot to offer and it is worthwhile doing some homework before committing to a visit. Check favourable times in terms of potential overcrowding, research deals to take advantage of dynamic pricing and install and master the fast pass app. Also, as far as possible, check on any maintenance scheduled for landmark attractions and rides.
I took my four year old son to Disneyland two weeks ago and the glow still hasn't worn off. It was legitimately the greatest day of his life. Both as a kid and as a parent watching a kid, going to Disneyland is one of the best parts of living on Earth. Absolute bucket list item for everyone on the planet. So special.
Best trip ever! It all started at the Grand California with one of the best customer service moves ever. I recently broke my leg and was expecting on renting a wheelchair. I ran into on of my old friends who worked at valet. After catching up for about a half hour I politely asked if they had wheelchairs so I didn   t have to walk to the whole way to the park. In a blink of an eye he went back to the back room and pulled one out for me. I had a fully automatic wheelchair for the park. Disney   s cast and crew were extremely accommodating in regards to the chair. Saved the trip!
Traveled to Disneyland with my sister and niece!! We all have been to Disney World several times. Was surprised how close in proximity the parks were in land as apposed to world!! Everything was magical!!
Loved loved loved. Not my first visit to a Disney park but it was absolutely great. Wait times were a little high as it was in the beginning spring break but def worth it. Food is a little expensive so if you want make sure you fill up on a massive breakfast to sustain you though the day. Unfortunately the castle was under refurbishment or something as it was all covered up which was sad but hey Disney is Disney : )
A little expensive in some areas but a great variety. Food vendors everywhere, no shortage.  The park was a magical place, loved every moment, ride, show.  Fantastic!  Love Fantasia!  Would love to go back!  Great experience, had a 3 day pass and needed it!
Long lines   2 1 2 hrs for one ride was a little much for active kiddos.  But the ride was great once we got on it..
I can never get enough of Disneyland it never disappoints. Always clean and workers are great! We will be back
We spent two days at Disneyland. We had a MaxPass (totally worth it), which was awesome so we were able to do every ride   some two or three times. We loved every minute of it. The classic rides are still so fun and remarkable to think of when they were created. The newer ones are super fun and thrilling. We all had different favorites   Space Mountain, Star Tours, Autopia, Jungle Cruise, Big Thunder, Haunted Mansion, Splash Mountain. The employees are incredibly helpful and kind. The park is super clean. And Fantasmic is just jaw dropping   you have to go see it.
We went with our family and had a great time, although the grandparents needed a nap one day. The Disney app is excellent for wait times on favorite rides and it can be a little crowded on weekends. The cast members and staff are so accommodating. Happiest place ever!
Our 4 day park hopper pass with Maxipass allowed us to experience every ride at least twice and avoid the long queue of up to 2 hours on some rides. It is definitely the happiest place on Earth. All the staff were pleasant and helpful, the grounds were clean and vent kids I long lines were happy and patient. I would recommend the Maxipass to make full use of your time in the park.
I just went back for the first time in 18 years. DLR is showing its age but it is still fun. There is a lot of work being done around the park which takes away a little of the atmosphere. More than a couple of the rides stopped mid ride. The frequent interruption is off putting. It was very busy but that was to be expected. Most lines moved fairly well. Definitely take advantage of the single rider lines at DLR and DCA. If you don't mind your party being split up a little, it is a huge time saver. I was able to ride Matterhorn, Space Mountain and Indiana Jones many times with little wait.
In spite of the rain, we had a wonderful time. It really is the happy place! Bring your own rain gear and save some money. We enjoyed a mid afternoon lunch as we waited for and then watched the Main Street parade. The light show was spectacular and well worth staying for although it was a bit too loud for my ears and so I had to turn down my hearing aids. Be sure to use very good and comfortable walking shoes that are also water resistant.
We went with two young boys. We used a double stroller. (Ours is the Citi Mini GT Double). We had a great trip and enjoyed a very different trip from when we would go before kids. Parades, the Disneyland Band, Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters and Autopia were huge hits for the kids. Small World and Pirates kept them very entertained as well.
Enjoyed all the rides, and having the MaxPass is a must, and very worth it.  Enjoyed the rides and the fireworks and parades.  It's a Small World is still timeless.
I wish I can go there.  This is awesome place for real happiness.  You must go there minimum once in your entire life.
Had a blast        we spent the whole day there..   Excited to bring my grandkids here soon  Lots of characters out taking pictures
My family and I really enjoyed our time at this park, we especially enjoyed the meet and greets, the rides and the food and restaurants. We also liked the parades and fireworks. Would highly recommend.
It   s a busy time of year to go, but the Christmas decorations were beautiful which brought you into the spirit of Christmas. The rides were fun too.
After several visits to Disney World in Florida, my daughter requested to visit Disneyland this year. None of us have ever been. We absolutely loved this park! If you do not have a lot of time to spend at the park than I cannot stress enough how worth it the maxpass is. We paid $45 for the day and we had done all the rides with fastpass by midday which left us enough time to do the rest of the rides by early evening. We found this park to be kept very clean and the rides were great. I liked the classic rides that are not in Florida. Most of the rides that are the same as Florida are not the same. Space Mountain, Small World, Pirates, are all better at Disneyland, in my opinion. The monorail is better too. The employees here were fine but definitely not as  Disney  as they are in Florida. I don't really care about that, but I definitely noticed it. They don't seem that interested in talking to guests, most of them were chatting with other employees and not paying attention to guests and that would never happen in Florida. Also, the food options are better on Florida in my opinion. I do like the fastpass system here better, although you have to pay, it is worth it! overall we had a great time and we will be back!
We spent 3 days at Disney with our 4 kids, hoping that they   d enjoy it as much as I had as a kid. Unfortunately the greed of Disney has destroyed some of the magic.The Monday was so busy that we almost left. I made a complaint about the overcrowding and was told to join a queue to complain!Some of the rides are 50 years old and need to be retired. My kids laughed at many of them. The fast pass system is poor (go to universal and see a proper fastpass system in action).Our next two days were much better   it was a shame that the first day left such a bad taste in the mouth. This was my 5th time at Disney and I think it   s my last.
We just returned from our trip the second week of April! This was a fantastic time to go! Wait times for the rides were very reasonable! Max pass is a must! We enjoyed the Fastpass feature this gave us from our phones on the Disney app. It was so easy to book our rides and as a result we were able to go from ride to ride with little wait. The max pass doesn   t have all rides, but has the most popular ones covered. The max pass also gets you all photos taken by cast members or on the rides themselves at no additional cost! Do yourself a favor and get the max pass! The food in the park is great! It can get a bit spend, but it is convenient. If you want to book reservations at the restaurants in the park do so well before your trip via the app. Most of the restaurants were booked well in advance of our trip. That said, many of the other places to eat give the option to place a mobile order. We used the app to order food and waited only 5 10 minutes and never stood in line.Don   t forget those comfortable walking shoes and sunscreen! Overall our trip was amazing! Can   t wait to go back!
Disneyland has been my second home since I was nine years old. I am now 69!! I go as often as I can and always enjoy myself. If I take friends we have a blast sharing our remembrances or new experiences and If i go alone I am always thrilled to see folks enjoying and being in awe of the many experiences the park has to offer.
Great time, warm sunny weather.lots and lots of big strollers.now I see why they are doing a restriction
Started our PCH road trip here for 3 days visit. Took our 9 year old daughter and i was skeptic on what it would be like. It was amazing, the rides are great and so much effort and originality in them, make sure you use the FastPass to skip queues.Daughter loved the characters! Even though it can get busy everyone seems so courteous and polite it makes walking around pleasurable.
I give this park a                               Grandkids loved the park it   s catered for young & older kids, face painting, Disney character photo opportunity restaurant   s & loads more
4 day hopper park has allowed us plenty of time to do all the rides we wanted to in both parks and then double up on favourites. Used the fast pass system a few times but generally found that if we used the Disneyland app throughout the day to check wait times we could determine when to do the popular rides. We also used RideMax to help with planning our day.
disneyland is the happiest place on earth. It should include the maxpass with the ticket prices. It is a money grab and I don't like that. Moblie oredinrg was cool on the app. They should also have more vegy, fresh food options like California adventure. hey have very few and I went to one and it was closing right in the middle of the day and the next one was so far away.
Had a good time at the park. The park has many rides for all ages and although it was crowded as expected, we were still able to do those rides we wanted. The park didn't feel cramped as in the case of California Adventures.
I grew up coming to Disneyland and now I have season passes and bring my own kids. I am always amazed at Disney   s customer service. They do the best job of making you feel like you really are at the Happiest Place on Earth. I love their efficiency with wait times and I   m a huge fan of the Fast Pass. I especially love that you can download the app and check wait times on your phone.
I am really disappointed with Disneyland.Old, tired, over crowded and prices are simply a money grab.The fast pass is a rip off and only allows you to reserve a ride every 2 hours.Fast pass again is a money grab that allows people to pay extra money to jump the queue in front of other customers. This is so wrong on many levels. Honest paying customers having to wait in line longer while others jump the queue. I absolutely hate what the fast pass allows. It makes my blood boil as these rich people jump the queue ahead of me. From listening to others in the lines, others agree. Poor form!The characters are hardly seen, forget a photo, there are so many people.Admission price, really.. very over priced. 2 put of 10 stars
We visited with our 3 year old with park hopper to California adventures. Absolutely loved every minute! The max pass feature is awesome! We used it to ride all the major attractions with no wait! FYI get your radiator springs racer pass early they were out by noon.
Disneyland was the most fun our family had while we were visiting California.The park is well laid out and all of the rides are designed for a vast age range. Younger children will enjoy the park as well as the older adults. There was always something to see and do. The food was very good. We had a great time there on holiday.
This place is magic. Everyone needs to go to Disneyland in their lives. but they must plan accordingly (save money)
Not sure why there are two separate reviews for each park. The line up to get in was long. Security was tight. I was a upset they took my selfie stick. I didn   t see anything on any website saying you can   t bring these in, although I   m sure it   s there somewhere. They give you the option of taking it back but we had hopped a bus from the hotel. Most hotels are within walking distance to the huge parking lots to the park and then there is a 10 15 minute bus ride to get there for the long line to get in. Get there early. The park gets more and more crowded as the day goes on. It took a little while to figure out how the fast pass worked. You have to use the app. It didn   t seem to work very fast. You   d get a timed entry but it was hours away and you can   t book another time until you do that ride. And we weren   t there on a particularly busy day. I can   t imagine on a summer weekend. We were there for only one day and I suppose this is why folks book multiple days. We were too adults and got to see a lot of it in the one, long day but it   s impossible with kids. The shopping area outside the parks, Downtown Disney, was great with lots and lots of shops and places to eat.
This was our second visit here, the first being 4 years ago. I will say it was all in all a great time. A couple of the attractions were closed for refurbishment (one being Indiana Jones) which was a little disappointing, but other than that the day was pretty smooth. Rides were not overly busy, the fastpass system worked really well. We had a rougher day at California land the day previously where lines were a lot longer and more rides closed. Here was more effecient.I will say though that I think the prices are tough to take. We are not well off but we also don't do too bad, and I feel they are high. You pay a lot to get in and then more money is required to do the small stands (like shooting games, basketball hoops etc) which I feel should be included. Just don't give prizes away. They would be great to play whilst waiting around etc.Also, it was a little rainy that day. Luckily I listened to my good lady and took a raincoat. Many didn't have coats though as it did start off warm and sunny. Now, this is where Disneyland made some good money. They were selling the cheapest plastic ponchos available for $12 each. I seen thousands of them, mostly torn and ripped. It would have been nice if people could have bought them for sub $5. I honestly felt bad for the people there that saved up a long time to fulfill kids dreams and then get gouged. Apart from the money side, it really is a great experience, especially for the kids. The staff are mostly friendly and it is run well.
A very pleasant experience. Nice and friendly staff good food and a relaxing atmosphere. The rides are fun and the variety is great
The max pass worked ok for Disneyland but not California Adventure. All the fast passes are gone within a few hours so it is a waste. The new system has doubled the wait times in the stand by lines because as they will tell you  fast pass riders have priority.  Under the old system you pulled a fast pass ticket for free. When you time to use it came you stood in a short line. While you waited for the fast pass time you stood in a line. Now you either stand in a line for fast pass if you can get one or you stand in a line with a few hour wait time. This was all a scheme for Disney to make more money and in the end it made things worse as far as wait times go.
I love this place. Took our grandkids there and it was really their Magic Kingdom. While I personally don't ride many of the rides Iit's fun to watch the kids. They went far out of their way for our grandsons birthday. The express pass for rides is great.
We had a great time at Disneyland. It was nice to see Fantasmic after missing the last few times although we didn't have a great spot. We did our first trip 12 years ago and it's likely our last with the kids so it was special. We stayed off site but close enough to walk. Pros: It's Disney. Love Pirates, Indiana Jones, Space Mountain,etc. We got to see a little of Star Wars Land which looks pretty impressive. Cons: It was very crowded. The Castle was being refurbished . Not an issue for us, but if you had a 6 year old Princess lover it could be a problem. The current fireworks are not nearly as good as the old ones. Kind of odd for us.I think this is our 6th trip so we know the park very well and move around it all the time. Our kids had the app down to get quick time estimates. We found some times when ride times were low and were generally out of park mid afternoon but there early and late. We quickly found out it was best to hit rope drop a the park not on early hours to get in some quick rides.
Great, been to SEE multiple times and enjoyed the visit here immensely. Would recommend Marissa if visiting during a busy time.
What a great time. We had 3 kids under 5  Having a stroller was key.  Everyone was helpful and friendly.  Use the baby care centre if needed.  Switch off is also key
The best way to experience the park is to enjoy the rides as well as exhibits. To get the most out of the rides the group needs at least one person savvy with the cell phone app system. We were lucky to have an organizer who tapped into the max pass fast pass system.
We went on our magic morning and was a bit disappointed with this  extra hour of fun  as we found most everything was closed. Only one land is open, which includes Buzz Light Year, Space Mountain, and Star Wars. We found that most people just line up at another land waiting until 8:00am to be the first ones into that land. Otherwise, Disney is always a great time. Just to stroll down main street is enjoyable. Be sure to get a reservation early if you want to eat at one of the sit down restaurants. They book up fast. Otherwise, there are lots of great choices at the walk up counters. My favorite, the fried chicken at The Plaza at the end of Main Street! Enjoy!
Came for Anniversary Trip, Rides were extremely long. Couple of them broke down. The castle was under Construction and no where does it even state this!!!! Some people come for the Whole Experience! What a huge Disappointment for the large amount of money you spent! Visited both parks and were extremely overcrowded! I   m so happy to see you are making it NO SMOKING, Maybe you could make it an Adults only Morning Admission sometime?? I have 6 kids and we went for a little getaway and gift to each and it was not even what we thought! My experience at the other park was the worst! I was knocked over by a little boy! Just horrible, it was a horrible visit! This truly is not the    Happiest place on Earth   !!!!
Dear DisneylandAfter paying $1000USD for tickets for my family. I don   t think I   m being unreasonable to ask for the following. DISNEYLAND CASTLE I couldn   t believe that there wasn   t any notifications to advise you are renovating the castle and it   s currently all covered up. We missed our chance for the iconic photo in front of the castle. WORKING RIDES. we wasted so much time on your broken down rides. We were stuck inside Splash Mountain for 30mins and then escorted out of the canoes, through the attraction and out to the backlot. There was no apology. Indiana Jones broke down 3 times. My husband and daughter were stuck for 45mins and we were turned around twice due to the ride malfunctioning. Haunted Mansion closed as we approached with our fast pass and then we went up to Roger Rabbit in ToonTown only to be told the ride is closed after lining up. Then being part of an angry mob of people who were turned away and having to rejoin the back of the queue when it reopened. PLEASE UPDATE YOUR APP TO ADVISE WHEN RIDES ARE CLOSED!FIX YOUR WIFI Your wifi reminds me of Australia   s NBN, never working and only available in a couple of spots around the place. In 2019, it   s a minimum to offer wifi especially with a large percentage of international travellers. CROWD CONTROL last Thursday, I felt like a sardine. There must be a limit to the number of people who can access this place. It was really unpleasant being squashed in a crowd with young children and aggressive pram pushers. THE GOOD? Fast passes and golden hour. I would have left Disney without these options. Also having the option to go to California Adventure Park. It   s a shame that it   s taken me 44 years to get to Disneyland and although I enjoyed my day, it was Ted the magical experience that I hoped for.
It truly is the happiest place on earth! Pay the money and get a fast pass for sure! But make sure you understand how it works! A little confusing to say the least. Everything is expensive but to be expected. If your Canadian check for their    Canadian prices    for the park pass.
The park was outstanding. The characters and rides were amazing. Only downfall was the enormous waiting times of  the major attractions. Did not get to enjoy all the rides due to this. Overall had a ball.
My daughter (who is 14) are huge Disnerds. We go to Disney World frequently (my daughter has already been there 7 times, and that   s not counting the trip she made in utero). I was at Disneyland 40 years ago, but my daughter had never been there. I was afraid I   d be disappointed, but I wasn   t. Some things were very similar or identical to things at Magic Kingdom, but there was enough that was different that I knew I was not at Disney World. I like their magic pass system better than Disney World   s in some ways, but it was a pain carting our tickets around. Luckily I had heard about that ahead of time & we picked out lanyards on Etsy. Overall, it was a great trip. I   m so glad we went!
Who doesn   t know about Disneyland!!! This place to me is better than DisneyWorld. It is smaller but way better rides. Always a great time. Get the Maxpass so you do not have to wait online. Get Fastpasses right to your phone. Mickey is waiting!
We took our 3.5 year old for the first time. We booked a three day pass with one park per day. We did not book the MaxPass on any day, and I   m glad. She was only able to ride the little kid rides, and it wouldn   t have been worth it. Our daughter is shy, but after the first day wanted to meet all of the characters. This was surprising to us, so I would advise you to be flexible with your plans. We did two days in the Magic Kingdom Park, and one day in California Adventure. This truly seemed like the right call for our family. The park is delightful, and there is something for everyone. I would HIGHLY advise you to read all Disney blogs you can find before you go. There are people who spent a LOT of time in Disneyland and California Adventure who have a lot of great advise. There is a blog for everything you have a question about.
So here   s the thing. It IS expensive. BUT, you can bring in your own food and supplies, and bring an empty water bottle, you can fill it again all over the park. The park is open for 16  hours ech day, and so compared to another major attraction in So Cal, this one is by far the most reasonable for a family and value for your money per hour it off the charts. We were able to get 4 day park hoppers for the price of ONE day ( 9 hours) at another attraction. If you have to choose between Disney and another location for your family, this is the place you can save some money (believe it or not!).
The park was just as much fun as when I visited in the 70's. The Fantasmic night time production was spectacular. It is definitely worth getting a fastpass to view it.
Disneyland is so much fun for families. Highlights include Splash Mountain, Space Mountain, Peter Pan   s Flight and the Matterhorn. The park gets very busy by late morning. Fast pass helps get you on the rides throughout the day. The only negative is the cost. It   s not cheap. They give you a lot of food for the price but beverages are very expensive.
Bought a season pass, probably wont be able to use it enough for it to pay for itself but it is still a bit of a thrill. Way, way overcrowded. Way long lines to ride even the more pedestrian of attractions; still, interesting, fun, thrilling, colorful, costly (understatement).
With two of my girlfriends, we visited Disneyland. It was a bucket list item and for the most part fun. Finding our way to attractions we wanted to see was more difficult then it should of been, but we managed to get there when the park opened and enjoy three fast pass attractions. The food and water was a little expensive. Since we visited during Spring break time the regular price was increased by $40. There were 3 attractions closed which included the Cinderella Castle. For the extra money, all things should be open. Lots of strollers, scooters and people everywhere by 1pm.
We paid quite a lot for admission and parking and expected to take multiple rides. Instead, we wasted several hours of our time waiting in lines for rides that broke down  Pirates of the Caribbean and Thunder Mountain.The grounds were beautifully maintained, staff were outstanding the the environment was spectacular.Walt Disney would not be pleased with electronic breakdowns. Is Disneyland being simply being loved to death? More work needs to be done on guest through put and rides being in working order.
We had a fabulous time with our granddaughter and her family to celebrate her 5th birthday. The rides were great (except that Pinocchio scared her) and she absolutely enjoyed Splash Mountain (she insisted on sitting in the first seat and thought it was funny to get soaked!). She got to meet a lot of characters including Capt. Hook, the Mad Hatter, Minnie Mouse, Eeyore and Winnie the Pooh. She met Gaston who was totally in character and would not sign her book, insisted she was in love with him, etc. Pretty funny. She loved It's A Small Small World, Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters, the Tea Cups, Dumbo, and her makeover at the Bibbidi Bobbed Boutique followed by in person meeting with 3 princesses (Ariel, Cinderella and Snow White). She enjoyed the afternoon parade, the nighttime light show, churros, and a corn dog. All in all, an expensive but amazing experience.
Extremely long wait times and short ride duration. Posted wait time 150 min and ended up waiting for 2 and 1 2 hours at Cars ride. Fast passes out by 10 am. Some staff helpful but normally looking like they would rather be somewhere else. Food costs high and again staff    unenthusiastic    at providing assistance. We   ve been to Disney Florida, Universal Florida and California and have never encountered wait times like this. There is no entertainment, no updates on wait times or staff available when waiting in these lines, just the same tracks of music playing over and over. Very disappointing way to spend the day and lots of money.
No les recomiendo visitar Disneyland esta bien ocupado y las lineas vien largas mas de dos horas es ridiculo y los tickets bien caros uno trabaja bien dura por su dinero no es justo que cobren tanto. Espere mad de 2 horas para el juego de carros radiators spring para que me dijeran que se desconpuso. No se los recommiendo no es gusto para uno como papa tener que esperar tanto. really busy and long wait for rides. We waited 2 1 2 hours for radiator springs racer just to me told the ride was not working they gave us a fast past but still its ridiculous. We had 3 day park tickets so we went the next day and got a fast past to avoid the issue of waiting when our time came the fast past line was long and the wait was 45 60 min we could not wait as we had to leave.There was a lot of people and tickets are so expensive as an adult I would not want to visit Disney again your better off visiting Six Flags.
After having already visited WDW, Paris and Shanghai, I was excited to add Disneyland to the list. The park is very similar to Paris but sadly, the original attractions are a little dated now. I think Galaxy's Edge will be a welcome edition to this park to inject a little life into it!Fantasmic!, Mickey's Mix Magic and Star Tours are must dos!
I went here years ago but I really enjoyed the scenery and the attractions and many other things that it provided
We visited Disneyland in October November 2018We bought our 4, 5 day passes online and due to an error online, we were unable to buy the Canadian rate discount and were charged full rate (about at $400 error)Called Disneyland and told them what happened online. Talked to 3 different service agents at different times. (2 agents were rude, the last nice) All they would say is sorry, last agent said try the credit card company or talked to the front gate customer service.MasterCard said the transaction had already been processed Went to the front gate... More sorry nothing can be done here, go inside and talk to Customer RelationsTalked to Customer Relations, just more sorry we can   t do anything from another 2 agents I have been to Disneyland over 50 times since 1977, I WILL NEVER GO BACKThe whole experience ruined our trip, be Warned: Disney is a corporation and only cares about their bottom line
This was our first visit to Disneyland and it was fantastic. We have been to the Orlando WDW parks many times and they are different. This parks may be smaller in size but it still provides all of the excitement and rides for all ages. Make sure you don   t wait for the last night to watch the fireworks. If the wind is blowing towards the interstate the fireworks can be cancelled.
Disneyland is a place I like in general but this visit was a bit disappointing. The castle was covered for renovation. The dinosaur part of the train ride was also under construction. The spaceship in future land was also covered. This for a full price entrance. I really liked the Mickey magic show with the fireworks and the whole feeling of the park.
Rides were constantly breaking down or being shut down. I didn   t mind not seeing a few things due to referbishment (Indiana Jones, Cinderella   s Castle) but having rides constantly breaking down (splash mountain   shut down for 3 4 hours, Rocky Mountain Roller coaster shut down after standing in line for 45 min etc). Staff were all great, line ups to get in were long but moved quickly....wish there was an    early morning    option for California park and not just Disney as that side is way better if you have older kids (or are a kid yourself). Look for the fast pass kiosks near each ride....you can get a new fast pass every 2 hours for FREE and this enabled us to ride the Cars ride 3 times while there (get to the fast pass line prior to 10am as it sells out and then you   re waiting for 2 hours to ride). Unless you have small children, avoid Toon Town rides   and even avoid if you have small children as most of the rides are kinda dark and scary (Pinocchio, Alice in Wonderland etc). Don   t buy bottled water ($4 $5 US   go to Starbucks and ask for a large ice water   free) eat outside the park if possible (Bubba Gump, Pho, lots of options within walking distance that will save you some $$).
It was alright, good times however it just wasn   t the same as FL   s Disney World in 2014. Times have changed, inflation dollar value has gotten trips to States to be quite costly, and customer service is mostly self serve and if i   m being honest a bit subpar. This vacation was great in a sense as it provided us a mini getaway from our regular living quarters and for reminiscing good times however in comparison i   d pick Disney World in FL if the price was more reasonable affordable for people from Canada visiting there. The weather was great during the day and a bit windier at night, no fireworks (just the light show at night with Disney remixes) which was a tad disappointing. Different experience, overall good times. However, as you grow older you will realize what is broken cannot be fixed, just have to move on in life.
Spring break crowds were noticeable in mid march. Max pass worth the extra money for the popular rides. The Magic Mix Fireworks was a great show! We arrived at the Fantasmic Fast Pass Area about 15 minutes before the time on the fast pass and the line was already very long and we were not really able to see once we made it to the fast past viewing area. Really enjoyed the Minnie and Friends Breakfast at the Plaza Inn.
I had some very fond memories of Disneyland from when I was in my late teens. I remembered an amazing place and couldn't wait to return. Fast forward 30 some odd years and I felt a little disappointed. Most of that comes from me probably over hyping it in my head. I just found that it wasn't as magnificent as I remembered.I was really disappointed in the prices of everything once inside the park. I expected things like souvenirs and food to be overly expensive, but at times I felt like it was robbery. Some of the clothing items especially. Of course, I had to buy a shirt for each family member, but it could have been two or three different shirts and or hoodies instead of one t shirt. I just had a hard time justifying what they were asking for things. The attractions were good and the rides, for the most part were ok. Thankfully we had fastpass or spending the day in lineups would have not been fun and a waste of time.Overall, I do recommend the park for everyone at least once in their lifetime, but I am done with it.
This is a wonderful park and so family friendly. We traveled here for a convention and took advantage to the discounted convention rate for a one day pass. We have been to Disney World in Florida and liked Disneyland better since we were two adult women ( one a senior.) We came on a mid week day which was less crowded. It is more compact but has so much to offer. We especially loved that we could have our pictures made with Chewbacca and Darth Vader in Tomorrow Land. I would recommend taking rain ponchos or purchasing if needed. We happened to be here in March and had rain showers for half the day. The parades are fabulous and at family friendly times. We especially enjoyed the 6pm evening parade and went 50 minutes early to get a bench seat. The park also honors Veterans at 5 pm in the main area near the train depot. I would recommend if your budget allows to get the photo pass. The photographers are so patient and you get some very special pictures. At present the cost is about 79$. Worth every penny! The Carnation Cafe on Main street has some really fabulous appetizers that are not costly! The Chili is great!!
Disneyland is CLEAN, easier to get around, the people are nicer, the food is better, and I think the whole California  healthier  lifestyle just makes it a more enjoyable place to visit.The rides were great and the attention to detail in the park made it more of an enjoyable place to visit.
The disney experience! Would have given it five stars but a lot of the rides were not open. Definitely do the startours ride and Indiana Jones ride. Use fastpass otherwise will be stuck in lines. Much smaller than Florida.
We went to Disneyland on my daughters 16th birthday and it was magical. From her birthday badge to the Minnie Mouse cupcake she was absolutely in awe of the whole day. The food was diverse, the rides were amazing, the tiny touches make it all so incredible. We spent too much money (can only be expected!) but wow you get great Bangalow for your buck in terms of your entry ticket!My advice is don   t ever think 1 day will be enough. We   ve done 2 days and know we need more time there!!!It really is the happiest place on earth!*i was surprised to see how un wheelchair friendly it is. If you are wheelchair bound there   d be little you could do in terms of rides. It is incredibly crowded, shops and restaurants and eateries very full, and most rides said wheelchair users needed to get out of their chair to rides.
Was a great experience for our family group of nine, ages ranging from 6 to 62. The only reason why I'm not giving them 5 stars is because of their FastPass system is inefficient and they had several attractions under maintenance and out of service. They should try to go with a system simular to Universal's Express lane. However, the total Disney experience is awesome and will experience again someday.
so much fun , my son loved every minute there   love the rides !! we didn't get to see the castle because is under construction but everything else was fantastic
   When you wish upon a star    is always true for a trip to Disney. We   ve been to both DisneyLand and DisneyWorld and loved them both. DisneyLand out of season was still busy but worth every minute. No pre booking needed, no lines, short waits at rides. Loved it. We didn   t use Fast Pass and didn   t wait more than 35 minutes for any ride. The downside to off season is that some rides were down for maintenance, but very few.
The maxpass, disneyapp and smartphone are essential to enjoy Disneyland at peak times. Fortunately we had all three and a smart phone wiz to schedule all the maxpass rides. Walking past all the folks in the  stand by  (ie everyone without maxpass fastpass) I couldn't help but think Disney is making it very tough for those folks.We were stuck on two rides: on Roger Rabbit we had to be escorted out of the tunnel; on Radiator Springs (California Adventure Park) racers we we stuck for ~ 10 minutes and then ride resumed. Splash Mountain was closed as we neared the entry, it closed several times over two days but we did find a window to take the ride. Several other rides were closed temporarily for technical difficulties during the two days   be prepared to alter your route through the park. Fireworks were cancelled one night due to winds.We found the staff ( cast members ) to be very helpful and the park was clean despite the large crowds.Good salads at Plaza Cafe.Typically you have to wait in line to meet the characters who are moving throughout the park. If you can do it a great but not inexpensive way to have the kids meet a bunch of characters is to have dinner at Goofy's Kitchen at the Disneyland Hotel.Overall, basically you've got to go here, but the value for more than one visit is questionable   it is pricey. Kids of course had a great time.
I recently became an annual pass holder again after working for Disneyland the past 8 and a half years. Needless to say, the magic is still there for me and I can   t stay away. I   ve taken some solo trips, but I usually go with family and friends. The last time I visited was a family trip with my parents, as I got my brothers to pitch in to get them passes too. We were were also celebrating my dad   s birthday. It   s spring break season, so the parks are crowded, but we made the most of our time together. We like to take it easy, especially when it   s so crowded, mostly watch shows and eat. We were able to watch Mickey   s Mix Magic with fireworks (my parents    first time) and Fantasmic (their first time watching the reimagined version). I feel so happy and fortunate that I can reverse the roll and now take them to Disneyland and see smiles on their faces experiencing the magic of the parks and time spent together there!
My wife and I are Disney World Annual Pass holders and have been since our kids were little so we wanted to give Disneyland a try. It is not fair to compare them directly, but as a theme park on its own Disneyland and California Adventure Park are a lot of fun. We found that the fast pass system worked fine and the wait times on the app did not reflect the actual time waited. But we had fun. The staff was friendly, the food was good & the restrooms were clean.
This park was neat, but packed.  There are plenty of rides and attractions for small children.  We traveled with teenagers, so this one wasn't out favorite.
Just an amazing place and staff! We spent three days here recently and has a great time! Lines are long and prepare to walk a lot but totally worth it! The Get your ears on special event running now has a lot of super cute merch and tasty treats to try pick up a food guide at the entrance. The maple bacon churro was delish. We rode everything we wanted to, ate at some new places for us, and came back to the hotel every night with aching feet but ready to do it all again the next day
Feel like a kid again!  Experience the magic of Mickey as you ride rides and beer characters. Walt   s dream come to life. He was a good man with a good heart. Love his story of family, adoption and always thinking of others.
The weather was a little overcast and high of 67 and it was perfect. It wasn't too crowded in the morning and we were able to go on about 8 rides before 10am. That lest enjoy the rest of the day and take our time. We signed up for Max pass for the first time and highly recommend it. It saves you a lot of time from having to walk to go get a fastpass. And you can do more than one at a time after i think 1.5 hours after you reserved the last one. It was nice being able to download your ride photos. The best was being able to order food from some of the restaurants and it being ready and paid for when you get there. Can't wait for Star Wars to open!
Great time, coming back after 20 years. Indiana Jones ride is still amazing! Kids loved the corny jungle tour. Be weary of buying extended magic hours because they are only good if you stay in resort and on certain days of the week. Kids still had a blast.
California Adventure was a FANTASTIC day! Little to complain about AFTER we got over the fact that we couldn't get in for early entry with our magic moments package like we thought! Our next 2 days at Disneyland were fun don't get me wrong! It's a fun place! But, the volume of people allowed entry was RIDICULOUS!!! There were WALL TO WALL people EVERY PLACE we turned! The max pass purchase was a saving grace, but even THAT was OVERSOLD and a WAY WAY overpriced benefit that did NOT apply to ENOUGH of the rides OR keep the wait times as low as they should be. MANY lines blended max pass and regular standby WAAAY too early!! Which made for a lot of disappointment. Coupled with breakdowns of Mr Toads Wild Ride, Snow Whites Scary adventure and Splash Mountain ALL broke down we had to be evacuated from the first 2 and wait in MAX PASS line for more than 15 minutes only to lose out when ride broke down!! Buzz Lightyear ride stopped and started at LEAST a dozen times when we rode!! It's VERY sad that money is ALL this Corporation, Walt built, thinks about!! Walt is definitely turning over in his grave!!
Fantastic time strolling through the park, enjoying the free entertainment, taking in the  rides, and probably one of our favourite places is the Tiki Room which was also one of Walt Disney,s, favourite attractions.
What can I say , I had an 8 days in the happiest place on earth and it truly is ,I thoroughly enjoyed myself, the cast members are truly phenomenal helpful , polite , funny , for example I went for breakfast at the riverbelle terrace I was looking forward to trying the Monkey bread ,but I was told that , apparently the monkeys caused a huge ruckus and refused to get into the car to come to work so they didn't have any , I'm still laughing I can't wait for my next visit
We used to love it at Disneyland but the park is literally just getting busier and busier everytime we go. It ruins the experience. 90 minutes waiting for a 3 minute ride isn't worth it. I'm not sure there's anything they can do but it won't continue to be our go to destination
Enjoyed our first visit to Disney on the West Coast. The two parks and downtown Disney are all one destination so it   s a nice change from all of the travelling between parks at Disneyworld. There is still a lot to see between both parks but nice to have less travel time to see it all.
We enjoy Disneyland, but be sure you check the park calendar. If you can, go on a day when there are no Extra Magic Hours of major events, during the off season. Ride rides during parades if you have a multi day pass, or if parades aren't your thing. It gets ever more crowded, so if you don't, it's just The Magical World of Waiting.
Disneyland is ALWAYS fantastic. My biggest recommendation is to arrive at the park 45ish minutes before it opens. You can be inside, lined up at the ropes before it opens, then you get SO MUCH more done that first hour!
As always,  Disneyland beats the expectations! Everything is always in its place and they make everything magical.
Its the happiest place on earth! It never fails its always a magical experience for both adults and children. During Christmas it was difficult to get around the crowds with a stroller, food is on the expensive side but other than that it was an amazing experience.
I never have any problems with Disney, ever. It really is the happiest place on earth and I will continue to daydream about visiting until the moment I can set foot in the park again. One of my favorite places on earth, hands down.
We spent a week in Anaheim over spring break. We had lots if fun. Spent time at Huntington Beach, Six Flags, Universal and Disney Parks. Definitely got our money's worth from Disney with the fastpass phone option. It makes it super convenient to use the app and catch all the rides, well worth the money if you can swing it and only visiting once. It pays to shop for your tickets. We were able to save $500 buying 3 day pay hopper tickets from the Disney website vs. the Disney app. We had a great time and our teenagers definitely enjoyed the magic of Disney.
Every time I turn down main street its pure magic. I thought It couldn't get any better than when I was a kid. I was wrong, watching my kids light up and get so excited when they see the castle or riding splash mountain make it all worth it! I love this place and we make an annual trip every year!
I   m sad that Disneyland makes you wait in line for Hours to    plead    your case for why your disabled child should get a disability pass. It   s unfair in a very cruel way. They won   t look at your doctors notes. You have to explain,or beg, why your child, should be allowed a pass, Which I kinda get but at the same time, find it very discriminatory. I don   t think they like they way I looked. He didn   t even listen to me. Said he didn   t understand big words, medical terms mean nothing to him, he is not a doctor. He was beyond rude . He was outright mean. I picked a Disney vacation because they cater to families with disabled children. Or at least I thought they did. We were celebrating my daughters last chemo. Which is great and all, but unfortunately because of 28 MONTHS of intense chemo and the high dose steroids to treat blood cancer she has severe osteonecrosis, which we can   t treat because it requires total joint replacement of her ankles, knees and hips, which is not possible during treatment, so we have to wait until her anc comes back with normal numbers and she is healthy enough to undergo such intense surgery. In about 3 months. Until then she lives in intense pain which is ongoing for over a year.  Osteonecrosis is dead bone. My daughters is extremely severe. It   s an extremely painful condition. But that didn   t qualify her for a pass. But a lady standing next to me, her son didn   t like loud noises, he got a pass. I was mind blown. I didn   t even go seeking this out. A cast member, an employee of Disney told me to go do this. To get a DAS pass after seeing her struggle to stand and wince in pain while meeting tinkerbell . The man assessing whether or not my daughter was disabled enough for a pass looked me dead in the eye and asked me why i brought her to Disneyland if she was sick and in pain. What kind of question in that?? I thought it was Disneyland. The happiest place on earth. She has at least 12 major upcoming surgeries, she has been on treatment for cancer for over two years. Why wouldn   t I bring her to Disneyland? We could have went there for a make a wish trip, but she wished something else. She later expressed her desire to have went to Disney and I took her on my own make a wish, and even though Disneyland is actually quite crappy to disabled people. I still got to see her smile and light up at seeing the parade. The joy on her face was contagious at meeting tinkerbell. All in, I   m glad she got to complete her dream of going to Disneyland. She could only do about 3 hours a day, on a 3 day pass. But it   s whatever. We came and saw. We rode 1 ride a day. We wouldn   t dream of ever going back and for that, I   m thankful.
I took my 5 year old daughter to Disneyland and this was the first park she has gone. It was good, but I was expecting more, after being visited the Magic Kingdom in Orlando, which is a better park for me. Disneyland is smaller, so you can go easily over the whole park in one day, but the lines were huge! It has almost the same rides you have in Orlando and we had so much fun here. If you live closer to Disneyland, the visit is totally worth it, but if you can choose, go to Orlando.
..if you can handle the crowds. We expected busy and boy was it ever. I prefer the WDW prebooking of fastpasses and the magic bands to manage long lines and waits, but you can add MaxPass if you want to pay for it. Park is clean and well themed. All the CMs are friendly and accommodating. Tried Walt   s chilli. Didn   t get to ride in the front of the monorail but we tried. Having park hopper is nice between these two parks as they are so close together. A few rides went down a couple times but never for long. If it is your first visit and you want to see it all, I would say two days at each park. That factors in, eating, shows, parades, rides and lines.
We visited expecting to be blown away, however the theme parks of the world are now operating to this standard, so it felt familiar rather than outstanding
Cindy is by far the worst employee i have come across in the 26 yrs I have been going to disneyland. She was working at the red cart which sells corn dogs. She lied to us and was super rude when we found out other people had ordered the exact thing we were trying to (which she claimed was not possible). Seriously disneyland needs to hire nicer people if they are going to advertise disneyland as the happiest place on earth. So disappointed in cindy and the way she treated us.
This was my first trip to Disneyland. There were three adults and one 4 yr old. We all enjoyed it  we got a three day special. You MUST download the app  easiest way to plan rides based on wait times and figure out food  also if you get max pass (which we did) its the best and easiest way to do the fast pass  and if you have pictures taken you can see them all on the app. The ONLY issue I found was that it can be very difficult here to figure out where the entrance to the rides are  this park is smaller than DisneyWorld and a lot is crammed in and at times the sheer volume of people makes it tough  also some of the lines are very narrow  which is challenging with a toddler  our fave rides were Indiana Jones (must fastpass), the roller coaster in toon town, and all the rides in tomorrowland. The third day we saw a lot of characters but the other two days they were sparse. Take snacks and water in with you and save your $$ for a dole whip and a churro  best value to eat is Red Rose Tavern  massive and yummy breakfast until 11am  Oh and every kid will want the bubble wand  it   s $25 but worth it! Get your ears, lanyards, and character autograph books on Amazon  way cheaper and just the same  definitely do a character dining  it is    pricey    but its a buffet, the food is great and the characters do an amazing job  be sure to make a reservation.
First of all, I have to mention that I always use a crowd predictor calendar to plan my visits and will not go to the park when the crowds are expected to be high because it's not fun waiting in line all day. My family prefers to wait less than 20 minutes for rides. This is doable if you go on a slow day and utilize fast passes and single rider lines. We last visited in March close to spring break and the lines were a bit longer than we usually like, but went anyway since we were meeting friends. The line for the Matterhorn was 90 min but I was able to ride it twice in 10 minutes thanks to the single rider line. Disney has stepped up their food game lately and it shows! The Food and Wine festival at DCA is nothing compared to what is offered at Epcot in Florida, but it's nice trying different items. The new Tropical Hideaway next to the Tiki Room is very well done and the treats are excellent. I appreciate seeing more vegetarian and vegan options throughout the park. I would LOVE to see Disney stop using artificial food colors in their foods; more organic options would be nice.
My husband and I went to Disneyland together with a 1 day park hopper for both the Magic Kingdom and California Adventures. This was a perfect amount of time for us to see all our nostalgic favorites and check out the new fun stuff in California Adventures. I loved the Incredicoaster and since we did it early in the day, we got a FastPass that was ready for about 45 minutes after we got there. I strongly recommend getting the app so you can know what wait times are.
Grew up going to DL as I lived about 2 hours away. Moved about 20 years ago and decided to go back. That won't happen again! The fastpass system is ridiculous. Why can't they catch up to DW?? Why should you only book one at a time once in the park? We were able to go on 3 rides. Three. Every single other ride we tried shut down. EVERY ONE! Haunted mansion shut as we walked up, Indiana Jones while we were in line (What a mess!!! Just told everyone to leave, we were all the way up ready to load, and all those people trying to back track out that tiny cave hallway, wouldn't let anyone use the emergency exits. Was a madhouse!) Small World 75 min wait, then shut down after we were in for 45. We were able to go on Bobsleds, Star Tours and Buzz Lightyear. After Pirates shut when we were in line for 35 min we gave up and left. Too many people, not enough to do! Not the Disneyland I remember as a kid thats for sure!!
Had a great time with the kids this year. Disney is working on major improvements . The castle was closed for remodeling and paint. So many improvements are underway and have been implemented. lots of little surprises on even the classic rides. If you are a Disney park fan you will notice the changes.
We prefer this site more than California Adventure. Even if California had more teenager adult rides. The only problem we had difficulty to access free wi fi (our phone didn't had internet access). So it was hard to get our fastpass. we had need to take our fastpass at the booth. But we really appreciated our time in this site.
Disneyland Park is truly an amazing attraction, the original in Anaheim must rightly be on many people   s bucket lists!!The park environment and staff makes it such a friendly and fun experience. However there were so many people in the park it was quite crowded and the overall cost of the day is very high, as are most of the foodstuffs and drinks. So on entertainment alone it   s perfect but overcrowding and overall cost takes the shine off a little.
Went here as a young boy and always seems to get better. The rides are fabulous. Still love the Matterhorn. Pirates of the Carribean is still a favorite. The submarine ride is a bit dated but still fun. Autotopia and Tomorrowland are wonderful. Best exhibit is still Meet Mr. Lincoln. Be sure to take a train ride around the park.
As always it was a great visit to the Disneyland park. It was very crowded but for us being in the park at opening the lines for rides were not as long, and sometimes it was a walk on. Using the magic morning also was a good idea for shorter lines, as well as having a plan on what rides and where helps navigating the park.
Disneyland is still fun after all these years if you show up with the right attitude and a willing to wait periodically during the day. The smartphone app is extremely useful for getting some of your advanced passes and to find wait time at a touch. The fireworks show is one of my favorites and best enjoyed from within the park, actually all the shows are worth attending.
Having been to Disney World Magic Kingdom in Florida and had a not so happy time, we decided to give Disneyland Park a shot. The Florida trip was in the middle of the summer so it may not have been the best time to go. We went to Disneyland at the end of February during NH school vacation week. We bought 3 day hopper passes so that we could also enjoy Disney California Adventure.Our first day was on a Monday and the park opened at 9AM. We arrived at the security gates at about 9:15AM and there was already a pretty good size line. Security will check your bags and you need to go through a metal detector. You are allowed to bring in food and drink (within reason). After getting through security, you then need to get into another line to enter the park. The security line is for both parks. We did get into the park and it was only about a 30 minute travel time through security and the front gate. This was on a day when the crowd level website predicted a 7 out of 10. The park was pretty full so we wandered around to get a feel for the park. This was until we got into Tomorrowland and there was no line for the Buzz Light Year ride so we went on that. We went on twice as there was not a line when we came out. We then went right across the way and got on the Star Tours ride. (Star Wars ride). As we kept roaming around the park, the ride times started to get higher and higher. BUt still not as bad as in Florida. We were able to get on most of the rides with less than a 45 minute wait. This included the big rides like Matterhorn, Big Thunder Mountain and the Jungle Cruise, Haunted Mansion and Indian Jones. Overall we had a great day at Disneyland. It appeared that there were not as many disgruntled people in California but this could be due to time of year, temperature. Parking did not seem to be an issue in Disneyland as a lot of people walked into the park or had the bus drop them off out in front. Even though the park is not as big, there are lots of things to do, shopping, dining and the parade to finish off the day is really entertaining. On a side note, it was $15 extra  day to get Fast pass if you wanted it. We did not use it and were able to get on all the rides.
Having grown up on the East Coast with family in Florida, WDW was always our go to destination but we finally decided to make the trip out to California. We did the park in one day and went at the end of August when AP holders were able to return after blackout days. We stayed off property (but walking distance and the hotel had a great shuttle) and pretty much went open to close and felt that the park could be done for the most part in one day. The first thing is that Sleeping Beauty's Castle is just so much smaller than Cinderella's but I think that is part of the charm as well. It's great to be able to experience the Park that Walt actually walked through and saw open. Knowing the history behind the park gives such a larger appreciation to the park itself. The park itself is smaller then Magic Kingdom but is set up similarly making it very easy to navigate. We were able to ride everything we wanted to including 3 trips on Space Mountain and 4 rides on Star Tours (for the brothers). I will say that the Pirates of the Caribbean far exceeds the one in Florida   we loved it! My mom also though the Thunder Railroad was better (but thought Space Mountain was better in Florida). It was interesting to be able to compare the two parks that had similar rides while appreciating the unique rides like Indiana Jones. Having the app and pulling fast passes is absolutely the key to success! We also did enjoy not having to take a monorail ferry from the park to the car and then the car back to the hotel. It makes for a painful end of the night when leaving Magic Kingdom in Florida. In California we felt we could sit and watch the fireworks and then just walk out of the gates! It was amazing! (We also walked off site for dinner at a Denny's with a 10 minute walk from the park for a quick break from the action   we did DCA and Disneyland back to back open to close). I really wanted to give 4.5 stars but the system doesn't allow for that. I was so so so excited to finally ride the Matterhorn (I know so ridiculous since everyone says it is a rickety rough ride but you can blame the Disneyland Sing a Long VHS my parents got me when I was younger and my disappointment in realizing that ride is not in Florida once we finally got there) and don't know when I'll be back in the area. The Haunted Mansion, one of my moms favorites, also was down for the Halloween overlay to happen and it went down the day before we got to the parks. Having two major attractions down was a bit of a bummer when we were there and probably contributed to the multiple rides in Tomorrowland. Coming in August, I didn't expect this to happen. We also loved Fantasmic (however not having seating and a roped off area did make seeing it hard with tall people and parents holding their children even with pulling the fastpass for it).
My family of 7 did Disneyland for 4 days and California Adventure 1. We had a great time and glad we did that many days. The crowds were large and we didn't feel rushed that way. There were some rides and attractions closed for refurbishment, but that's what we get for going in the off season. Can't say much more about this place. It's well run and almost all the staff are great. We only saw one grumpy guy running a ride.
We went here without young children....loved the rides, the turkey leg lunch and especially Fastpass.  It   s nicer than Orlando to the extent it is more compact. The lines are definitely shorter and it is an easy in and out
Are you at the park for maximum efficiency? Riding ALL the rides? Or are you here for the experience? Either way, you.need the Disneyland app. It has enhanced our trip and experiences. You gotta let go and let Disney. I promise, they know what they're doing.
My wife and I planned this trip a few months ago and he hesitated a bit about it because our baby girl is just 20 months all, it didn   t matter, her smile worth every single second of this trip!!! It   s a really magic place and I cannot be happier!!!!
What an amazing experience. Having visited Disney World 25 times over the last 12 years, we were nervous to visit Disneyland. We bit the bullet and decided to plan a 3 day trip to Disneyland, on the way to Disney   s Aulani. It was fantastic. Our only regret is that we didn   t plan enough days in Disneyland. I know that people say you can do both parks in 2 days, but that   s just not possible. The entertainment in Disneyland is captivating. There are so many can   t miss shows. Some of the rides, like the Incredicoaster, are amazing and riding it just one time would be a shame. There were many things we didn   t have the time to experience. While Walt Disney World is still our favorite, I cannot wait to return to Disneyland.
It just doesn   t get any better than Disneyland! This is the best time of year to go. The lines weren   t bad and the weather was fantastic. The park is always clean and amazing. It always has such a great feeling there. Thanks Disneyland.
So we arrived 3 months ahead of the opening of Star Wars   Galaxy's Edge...of well, we'll be back! But our highlights were meeting Chewbacca, Rey and Kylo Ren, as well as an Imperial stormtrooper too. The Evil Witch from Snow White, who met us in one of the buildings on the right down Main Street, was perfectly in character. What a wonderful memory!Another highlight was Pirates of the Caribbean   longer and more fun than its likeness in Orlando. We had to go twice! Same for It's A Small World!, it's longer and more intricate than in Walt Disney World and great for all ages!Our last day it POURED rain but we still had a blast!
Just spend 5 days , open to close , at Disneyland . How can you go wrong visiting Disney . Wife and daughter already wanting to go again . Star Wars lane opening later this year .
Arrived just after opening   My children enjoyed their day out but since they have already been to Hong Kong Disneyland a number of times they tended to get a little bored as it is very similar   in fact we left after 5 or 6 hours where we stayed the full time the Disney Adventure Park was open.Still enjoyed our experience though!
Disneyland very clean! Well kept..restaurants were decent. But the friendliness of some of the staff surprisingly was not even close to Orlando. Interesting enough the Hotels on site definitely were not as friendly as Disney Hotels in Orlando.... nor did it match up to friendliness and Wow! factors like Disney cruises. Some of the Disneyland sites need some updating and more WOW! added to them. When one goes to Orlando Disney World Cinderella's castle and surrounding have that WOW! factor....Disneyland looks in places ...dated. Disneyland's weather sure beats Disney World's 's ...but for the rest.... well?
I grew up in Orlando, so I have spent a lot of time going to Disney World. Honestly, I was looking to hate on Disneyland, but I ended up finding it very charming. The lines were not as long, and it did not feel like I was standing on the surface of the sun like it does in Orlando.Disneyland is much smaller than Disney World, but has many of the same lands and rides as Disney World. The fact that it is setup the same as Disney World made it easy to navigate, but everything was a lot easier to get to.It was also interesting to see slight differences in some of my favorite rides like Pirates of the Caribbean and the Haunted Mansion. I think Pirates is actually better at Disneyland, and it has a Restaurant overlooking it. The Haunted Mansion is more setup like a Louisiana mansion which somehow made it creepier even if the ride was almost identical. There are also many rides that I have never seen, so that was a lot of fun. Also, the food seemed to be better. We ate at a Mexican place, and it was really good.
Our grand babes had the time of their little lives and were much less overwhelmed than if we had gone to Orlando. I recommend using Pinterest to gather ideas for a family vacation in addition to Trip Advisor. The park was clean and the staff was VERY fun and courteous (with the exception of one of the security guards as we were going through security on the Disneyland Hotel side). Joke is on his snotty self, we still loved our Disney vacation!
Disney has a difficult time as it has to cater to traditionalists but attract new attendees at very high prices. Don't know why anyone goes on Autotopia (not sure about the Submarines as we didn't bother). Pirates, Jungle Cruise and Haunted Mansion are stuck in a time warp. If you went on these rides 30 years ago, very little has changed. The little kid rides are also unchanged but that is fine as Dumbo and Small World are classics. I'm sure that Star Wars Land will be awesome but I won't be going back until my grandaughters next trip in a few years.
Went to Disneyland for my baby nieces birthday, had so much fun, I only had 2 issues, the first was that some of the rides we wanted to go on was closed for renovations including snow whites castle and that through out the park it smelt like sewage.
We were three generations in the same family attending Disneyland and all of us had the best times of our lives. Grandparents don   t be afraid to take the grandchildren, you will be happy you did.Rides were outstanding, a thrill in every ride    The grounds were kept perfectly clean    The staff were looking for reasons to help you. Do not bring your pull wagon thinking to let the children ride when they get tired . Although handy for carrying things, they won   t be allowed in. If you have a push wagon with the bar across the top like a grocery cart, they are ok. There are storage lockers just inside the complex and are very handy for storing jackets, lunches and water bottles and things you don   t need immediately. I recommend you bring your own snacks as water and chips etc. are almost 4 dollars each. Although they check your backpacks and bags going into the park, they aren   t looking for food items, they are looking for contraband.I believe the rides in Disneyland are longer in duration then the rides in California Adventure Park. I also think that it   s the better park for smaller children (10 years and under) as there are more rides geared to that age group.The fireworks at the end of the day, were outstanding!! They went on and on , lighting the sky with the magic of Disney !!!
Our 4th time at Disneyland Anaheim, My wife and I have been fortunate to visit every Disneyland Park on the planet and when asked which is our favourite, we always reply, Anaheim the original. It's called the Magic kingdom and I can see why!
I try to come to the park once a month. I know the big bad prices get pretty high but if you live close by, getting your pass in monthly payments is a lot easier. I think everyone should.
Having visited Disneyworld in Florida several times, we were delighted to find lots of fun here in California too! While much smaller a footprint, there is so much to do and see in a more manageable way. In March temps were cool and a bit rainy, making wait times on the ride no longer than ten minutes. We really liked the MAX pass feature which frankly is better than Florida's magic bands. The rides are all fun, the food (and lots of it) is very delicious. We LOVED being able to walk to our hotel, too!!
We went to Disney for our daughter   s 16th birthday. We had a great time. They have her a button stating we were celebrating her birthday, and she received birthday wishes all day. Max Pass is the way to go. It let us skip the long lines. I can say a couple of the rides need some sprucing up. Overall it was such a great trip, I   m already planning our next trip.
We have been coming to Disneyland Resort for years and big fans. My 3 year old granddaughter has a severe hearing loss, but knows about 1,000 signs. My wife did research and found that they do Frozen with a sign language interpreter at some shows. We checked with Guest Services at the entrance and they told us it was on Friday at the noon show. They also told us that Mickey and the Magical Map also had interpreter services on Monday at noon.While at the Mickey show, we met to if the interpreters and learned how to access the weekly schedule of all the shows and parades that they do. If you Google  Interpreters Disneyland  you will find a link to Disney's website. Go to the DHH link and embedded in the synopsis is a  calendar  link to download the weekly schedule.They offer the services Friday through Monday. They have special areas for Parades and shows. The plus side is you don't have to show up hours early for a parade, the downside is that it is not a premium view, but not bad considering. The other surprise on the schedule is that also do some of the rides as well; including Jungle Cruise, Story Book, etc.The cast members are excellent and enthusiastic in their roles. We were most surprised that this service has been around since 2010. It is just not promoted by Disneyland. In fact at various rides and at City Hall, they were either unaware of the service, when it was offered and generally gave contradictory information. It was the two cast members that we met at Mickey's Magical Map that we learned about everything that they offer. I highly recommend that if you or anyone in your party can utilize this service that you find the schedule and use it to your advantage to provide a much more enriched experience.
We go every few years and have never been to disappointed. Prices are getting up there, and food is getting better in the park. I was disappointed when i heard they control the wait times of all rides, meaning if one ride doesn't have much of a line, they have ways to slow it down... all in an effect to control the crowds.... still , a fun place to visit with family & friends...
Disneyland is such a great place for kids. There are so many attractions and a large variety of rides. The food does cost a bit and there are a lot of people around but it's worth a day of lots of enjoment and fun. I love how the park is divided into its own categories and sections which gives the rides a large variety. Bring Water on hot days.
I love all things Disney.  The park is very clean.  You'll pay a lot for food and drinks in the park so either be ready for a $15 ok lunch, or pack some food with you.
We went on a Monday. Tons of people, but we had a lot of fun. So many things to do. Just wish it wasnt so expensive! Wide variety of rides and entertainment for everyone. Tons of food choices too!
We had the opportunity to visit Disneyland with our grandkids while traveling in the west. Being a veteran lover and frequent visitor of DisneyWorld in Florida I was very impressed with how much easier this park was to navigate. The July weather was perfect and we were able to ride everything that we wanted to ride.
Trip with 35 High School students. All had a blast. Had my service dog with me in my wheelchair. As always, very accommodating in my chair. Tried a kennel at one of the rides for the first time and she didn   t like it. Barked during the ride which prompted a visit from park security. A little heavy handed in talking to me, but respectful. We just did swaps for any ride she couldn   t do the rest of the day. Fun souvenirs too.
Be patient, take lots of cash, lots of photos and use Max Pass!  Know ahead of times its pricey and plan accordingly...I LOVE DISNEYLAND!!!
I have now visited twice and it never gets old, always a fun adventure with the family.  I hope to take my grand children there one day.
Since 1955 I have visited this park most of my live and lucky me it cost $20.00 once upon a time. I always enjoyed all the adventure spots and the Splash Mountain and Matterhorn ride. Also, Indiana Jones. You will decide once there. bring money and energy.
Not much needs to be said. The place is Magical. Disney does an amazing job always making you want to come back. One thing that I I always notice compacted to other    theme parks    is Disneyland is always clean. Other theme parks have trash all over the place, bathrooms are always dirty, you step on pieces of gum and things need to be cleaned. Not at Disney. I   ve seen popcorn fall and people drop their churro wrappers and a Disney staff member picks it up seconds later. Just awesome
love all the security, makes us feel safe. Always enjoy the park during off season, the lines were tolerable, cast members are always helpful and we learn something new every trip. This time we learned the Perfume shop in New Orleans Square suffered water damage years ago and the damaged mirror was never repaired  replaced. Beautiful shop, the painted mirrors are gorgeous and the shop is quite special.
Many rides were closed for maintenance. Then other rides shut down while waiting in line. Couldn't even use the FastPass for one of them (Indiana Jones) because it never re opened. Had to return to Thunder Mountain after already waiting an hour before it broke down the first time. Was able to use the Fastpass from Indy to shorten the wait when we returned. The main iconic castle you see in the pictures is covered with some sort of canvas that has a picture of the castle instead.Not worth the few rides we were able to go on for $129 each!
Have been a fan since 1970. Changing our trip to week days really helps with crowds and wait times. Always have a  Magical  time!
We had visited Disneyland with our children in 1989 when California Adventure Park was a parking lot so we were raring to explore with our grandchildren in 2019. We started planning our trip in July 2018 so spent a great deal of time researching the parks and the area. Very overwhelming but so glad we did the research. Probably should have spent more time researching parking!!! We purchased 4 day Park Hopper tickets with Max Passes, taking advantage of the well advertised Canadian Resident deal and in February 2019 escaped the Polar Vortex in Alberta,Canada and headed to LAX. The weather was cooler than expected but our house rental and the heated outside pool and hot tub always warmed us up and a rain coat or poncho was packed. I had also rolled my pack jacket up and put it in my backpack. Great idea. The parks are overwhelming and you really need some kind of a plan the first day you arrive. For us, the mornings were too cool to make use of our early morning entry that we paid for so we often arrived around 10:00. (After having a morning swim and good breakfast). Unfortunately, the Disney Business has not put any upgrades into to it's security system which is very Archaic and Chaotic. Kind of seems like a make work project??Actually a joke as some random person persons dig through each bag with a flashlight. The security experience was a very frustrating start to what became great days. Yes, the park is expensive but almost every visitor is wearing some kind of Disney gear. We had hoped that February would be a less than busy month to visit but in retrospect will choose for weather rather than crowds next time. Can not imagine the busy season!! Restaurants always had wait times from 30 to 45 minutes so if you are planning on eating in the park that you plan your seating time around a close ride or gift shop. We did eat at a couple of on site sit down restaurants and the service was always friendly and great. The food was ok but the bill was always grand and US dollars so extra grand for us. Perhaps the prices are somewhat inflated to compensate for the the no alcoholic beverages sold in the park policy? Our grandchildren are ages 6 and 8 and their heights allowed them to experience all of the rides. The kid in them loved Mickey's ToonTown but not The Haunted Mansion or the Matterhorn Bobsleds which were a little scary for them but Indiana Jones, Thunder Mountain Railroad and Splash Mountain were big hits!!! Be prepared to get wet on Splash Mountain. They sell towels at the exit of the ride. We of course took them to places we remembered from 1989 like Pirates of the Caribbean, The Jungle Cruise and the Enchanted Tiki Room. (also hits). Who doesn't enjoy a leisurely ride through It's a Small World. The parades throughout the day were enjoyable and a must see at least once. The 9:30 light and fireworks show will be remembered. We grabbed a late supper at the Carnation Cafe our first evening and it was the perfect setting for the fireworks show. On our second visit to Disney we parked in the Simba parking lot and after clearing security jumped on the Monorail which took us directly to Tomorrowland. Smoothest park entry we had. The first day we did comment how few Disney characters we saw. They only seemed to be in the parade but on our second visit we saw some. Unfortunately the lines for photos were always long and quite often it seemed like it would almost be your turn and the character would head off to a new location. Oops another missed opportunity. Perhaps if the kids had had  The First Visit  button we saw a few times they may have been given the once in a lifetime opportunity. Pluto just happened to be at the back door of the Camera Shop in ToonTown on one visit. Snap. Got it!! Be prepared to walk for hours, grab a warm Churrio or Pretzel, splurge on a Funnel Cake (we shared one) and maybe grab a Dole Whip? The kids each had their own money to spend in the gift shops which was a great idea as they may have wanted everything if they were spending some else's money but took great pride in their shopping experience. Downtown Disney is actually just outside the two park entrances but inside the security area. It is filled with shopping, restaurants and entertainment. It is accessed without a park entry ticket so is busy not only with park goers but anyone who cares to visit Downtown Disney. Super busy and almost impossible to get a reservation at any of the restaurants. The saving grace a the end of our day and as we left the park was a warm coffee from Starbucks!!! I journaled our Themepark visit and read it to the kids the other day. They are still smiling!!!
Have been to Disneyland a few times and it has never let us down. We are a couple and visit with park without kids. It is just as good for adults!! the attention to detail never ceases to amaze us and every employee in the park is there to help you whenever you need. It does get insanely busy and can be an expensive day out but a little bit of preplanning before you go will go along way. Make sure to download the disneyland app before you go to get an idea of ride wait times. And we always bring a packed lunch and snacks with us so keep the food costs down. Make sure you plan in at least one parade. The floats and costumes are amazing and you will get a lot of character sightings in one place. It can be done as a day trip from LA but it will be a long day so be prepared. you can get the 460 from downtown LA straight to Disney but it does take 2 hours. If you are OK with paying more, look into a shuttle bus. The best thing to do is get there a bit before opening times and once it opens head straight to the rides which normally have the longest lines. They wont be so long first thing in the morning. The main tip   Have a great time and enjoy what the park has to offer.
Great park, even better than Disney World! I will be back I   m sure!!! A shame some on the rides were broken during our trip.
A classic: well organized, well maintained, lots of stuff to so ... but ridiculously expensive with at least 100 USD for the average adult visitor plus another 25 USD parking fees.
We lucked out on the weather feb25 27. Crowds were reasonable on Monday but after that just busier and busier.For the first time guest,Take the ART shuttle buses have assigned numbers for certain hotels. We had number three you can buy the day pass or 3 or 5 three day pass was $28. You need cash to buy pass Exact change only. If your at a Disney hotel line they have the ticket booth right in the hotel lobby. You can use it all day back and forth only stops at the shuttleStops no where else and they have a great setup for drop offs all numbered on post drop off close to the security gates Once at the security gates all pack sac purses bags are checked very carefully down to the bottom. If you have knee or hip replacement the scanner will beep and will be patted down. If you need lockers in the left side of security or wheel chair and shooters on your right. They open only at 8 so if your going for the extra early morning you have to either comeBack or wait at wheelchair place. $50 American plus $20 deposit that is returned . It   s worth it if you need to protect your legs. Lots lots of walking and waiting also if you want to leave the park you can just bring it back to them and they will put ahold on it. We left for two hours and returned to get it no problems.Then the gates to either California or Disney park one is on the left the other on the right. Get a park hopper and you can go back and forth all dayGet a fast pass you can get a free one by going to the rides that offer it and scan your ticket for later timed ride or pay $15 a day and do it al on your phone on the Disney app. Fast pass allows you to skip very long line ups. At least 3 4 less wait.  we found so much to learn. If your Canadian you can go buy your Disney cash cards in different denominations we did $250x2 Cards so they take off the money difference and give you your balance every purchase the card is good for all in Disney orCalifornia park. The restaurants are great prices and really good fast foods. We had breakfast at one ace it was awesome great service and very reasonable. We tried IHOP one morning and it   s over priced. Stay in the parkMust see the colour waterShow awesome. The cars ride. The soaring tide. The kids rides in small world all good. Pirates of the Caribbean and raiders of the lost ark. And many moreDon   t forget if your in a wheel chair or skooter some rides takes you in from the exit line and you can go in before with your partyIf you want to go see the submarine ride and can   t do stairs you can go in a special area to see it all on a big screen tvAny more question please ask. Have fun and be ready to have lots of patience. But remember it   s the happiest place on earth
We managed to hit the coldest and rainiest weather, but were able to enjoy some fun walks through Disneyland and California Adventure. The train that goes around the edge of the park is a great way to get around. Short trips a few times a day seem to work best with young children.
What can I say what hasn't been said about Disneyland? We come here on a yearly basis and every time we leave, we look forward for our next vacation. It's such a great place to experience with family. Yes, it is pricey but it's worth it. Sure, you can eat elsewhere on the cheap but they they have some great food onsite.
The nice thing about this park is that it is walkable and can get to the california park if desired   The hits were haunted house  Smallworld, star wars launchbay, star tours, indiana jones
Had visited Disney 13 years ago, alot the same and alot has changed. Line waits were minimal for this time of year, only had to Fast Pass one ride. Had a great time for my birthday. Staff all around were welcoming and happy, weather was great, zero complaints. Loved the parade and the light show!
This was our first trip to Disneyland after many trips to DW. It did not disappoint at all with slightly less crowds than Florida for this time of year. The fast pass system is annoying and requires planning if you have a limited time window and want to get a lot in. Our kids loved it though and the princesses were amazing in how they made my youngest feel so incredibly special!
I LOVE Disneyland. I was so excited to be able to get to take my son here. When I went the first time I was in awe and everything was fun and magical. I was just like a big kid. Well this time, I saw it a little differently. It was so crowded that it was hard to get around sometimes, the lines were always really long, some of the rides kept experiencing technical difficulties, etc. We eventually just did the single riders line to avoid the 2 hour waits. The rides weren't as good as I remembered; however, in saying that, I feel this park is geared more towards the younger ages. Still love the place though. HUGE disappointment though was that the castle was under refurbishment...so my son never got to see what it looked like at nighttime. I would say definitely get here early and absolutely take advantage of the FastPass option!
We took our 4 and 1 year old grandkids to Disney for he day and they absolutely loved it! It was a bit rainy, which helped keep the crowd down, but did nothing to dampen our fun. : )The only downside was the new entry process, with extremely long lines to get through security outside the park gates. We had two strollers and multiple bags, along with thousands of others, and waited nearly an hour after initial arrival to actually enter the park. Plan accordingly!My granddaughter loved her princess makeover at the Boutique in the castle and really loved meeting the Princesses   who did a great job of interacting with her while remaining    in character.   Great visit, highly recommend taking the kids when they are in the 4 6 year age range.
I don't like Disneyland...Said NO ONE ever! It's just the best place to recapture your youth and forget all your troubles. I try to go at least 1X year. More if I can afford it!
Broken down rides, unhappy employees, dirty. Definitely not the most magical place on earth I will go to Disney Orlando again in a minute as we   ve been there many times the girls wanted to try something new so we went to California Disney instead so disappointed. Snow White ride malfunctioned and my husband was hit with the cart. Employee didn   t even care just picked up his back pack that was dropped in the process and handed it to him. The ride was closed down due to him being hit though. None of us ever have the want to return to Disneyland again.
We recently went to Balboa Island on vacation with the family. We also have never been to California but figured since we were so close that visiting Disneyland was a MUST!. We went in February which was off season and everything was just okay. It was so overcrowded. Even being offseason, i can't imagine what the busy season looks like or how you could even function.Everyone is packed together and the park is pretty outdated and it shows. For the amount of money Disney brings in and charges they should be ashamed of the condition of the park. Just slapping new paint on old rides and giving it a new name. I know its a type of marketing and branding but the park size is just way to small for the amount of people to go in there.People are rude, My daughter and wife got puked on by some guy getting off a ride at the park. Ive also been to Disney world as we are from the east coast. If you are reading this based on choosing... Go there. its the same cooperate structure but it is far larger and superior as parks go. If I had a choice now i would have gone to knox berry farms instead.
Disney to us as a family is usually magic, we have been to Florida with the children for years and have also been to Paris but what a disappointment.Firstly it took over 1 hour to get through a bag check then to wait in yet another line to get into Disney ,finally we arrived to look at the castle.....it was covered in what looked like cardboard there had been no warnings on their website to a refurbishment  awful and it was almost laughable.The fast pass worked but was rarely checked and many people walked through fast pass queues without tickets and was not checked which made it a joke.This was not the Disney I was looking for.
If you love Disney, and even if you don't, when you come to LA you should visit Disneyland! It is magical! I wasn't really interested, doing it for my kids, but I got into it, had a fabulous time, went on many more rides than I expected to! Get the fast pass! More expensive yes, but saves you so much time! Priceless!!
My family is a WDW family due to living on the East Coast. We decided to try Disneyland Park for the first time during our Mid Winter Break. The crowds were not as bad as we expected. We did pay for the MaxPass which I feel is a must here. The MaxPass grants you photos and Fast Pass options. There were pros and cons to the Fast Pass system for me. The FP only allows you to select an attraction once you enter the park; trust me, it knows when you have entered. Once you select your first FP, you can not select another until you either use cancel the first or you wait two hours. A selection can be made every 2 hours. Unless you are in the park first thing in the AM, popular rides will only have FPs late afternoon or early evening to start. My suggestion is to get there early enough or grab the most important and find something to do for two hours until the next opportunity. I like that this gives an opportunity to all guests at a fair rate, however, the wait time is a bit much. We ended up experiencing several rides by entering the Stand By line while waiting until our FP for another ride. We loved that the characters interact out in the public with everyone and that you are not always forced in an outrageous line to see them. Each character really gave you a welcoming feel which I feel has been lost a bit in Orlando, Florida. I was upset that the Castle was draped with tarps that had a picture of a castle. It was not noted online until we arrived that it was not available. Some rides that showed as down for refurbishment online were actually open. There is no Dining Plan as Orlando has so snacks, beverages and meals are  out of pocket . That was a damper, especially when it was only myself and my daughter. I paid $17USD for a souvenir cup filled with a slushee...outrageous! Thank goodness for our Club Level room at Disneyland Hotel where we could walk back to for a mid afternoon snack if we wanted.
We went during a busy week and the FastPasses were our ticket to fun. Can   t imagine doing the park on a busy day without them. We had soooo much fun. Disneyland is truly one of a kind and they do an amazing job in every aspect. Clean, friendly, fun. Even when the lines are long it   s a wonderful way to spend a few days. Thanks for the memories!!
I mean, it's Disneyland. It's amazing. Love the MaxPass system   super helpful in gathering photos and not running all over the place to grab fastpasses.
We had the magic hour, and since it was raining, it was great and not that busy. If it was busier, I would recommend fast pass for sure.
I had bought a one day park hopper pass and went to Disneyland second because I've been here before.I went on a Tuesday and there were a lot of people, but I didn't have to wait overly long to get on the rides. My first stop is always Star Tours and I'll definitely have to come back when the new Star Wars area opens up.I used the FastPass for Space Mountain, but I didn't really need to because I found the single rider lane after I got off the first time and went around and got straight back on. I also used the single rider lane for Splash Mountain. The only ride I didn't get on was the Matterhorn Bobsleds because there was a mechanical issue. With the FastPass I was disappointed that you can only choose 1 ride at a time and then had to wait 90 mins to make the next selection.Having the photos with the MaxPass was great.The Christmas decorations were up and the they look fantastic at night.I also came on the local bus from Los Angeles and it was a cheaper way to get to Disneyland and see the city rather than just the freeways.
What a wonderful magical place to bring kids of all ages. Never disappoints. Brought our three grandchildren and they all loved it including us big kids!
What's not to like about Disney Parks ! The Disneyland Park is the main park in Anaheim sitting opposite from it's partner Disney California Adventure Park, and is definitely the better of the two. As with other sites, Disneyland is divided into a number of themed zones radiating out from the central Sleeping Beauty Castle. These zones include Adventureland, New Orleans Square, Critter County, Frontierland, Fantasyland, Mickey's Toontown, Tomorrowland, and the soon to be completed Star Wars Galaxy's Edge (Summer 2019). Home to many of Disney's iconic rides such as the original  it's a small world , Space Mountain, Splash Mountain, Big Thunder Mountain Railroad, and Matterhorn Bobsleds, this park should not be missed !
They were taking down the covering on the castle just before we left so that wasn't so great.  Didn't realize how much the sight of the castle enhances the visit.  But it was amazing as always
Disney does not disappoint. Allow at least a full day in each park and invest in Fast Pass to avoid standing in the long lines that are always present at the more popular attractions rides. Something to do for everyone young and old. Just go and have fun!
Took my family and grandkids to Disneyland. For many this was their first time in Disneyland. It is very clean and well organized. Our granddaughter had her 10th birthday when we were there and wore a button stating it was her birthday. So many staff and characters recognized her birthday which she really enjoyed and will remember forever. We found rides to be excellent and staff were very accommodating. Use of  fast pass  on rides worked well. Only complaint is that we were only allowed to visit one park per day as per our ticket. We were able to take in food and drinks for the young kids which helped keep the expense down.
Had a fantastic time We had a 4 day pass ,which was needed as it was very busy even though it was February but it   s Disney ,if you go expecting queues , you will be fine We found it quicker getting in taking no bags as the line wasn   t as long
if walt disney is currently in a cryogenic chamber above the fire station in disneyland   s main street, he must be wanting to pull the plug. having been a fan and visitor of orlando   s walt disney world, disneyland was a disappointment. most of the staff seems to hate working there, it was hard to receive a smile. i don   t blame them, they have recently had disputes with they   re salary. the park was mostly dirty, and the bathrooms in 7 eleven were cleaner that most of the restrooms across the parks. about 40% of the rides had issues midway through. and they were unannounced closures throughout the day.one good thing was the 3 day passes that included maxpass (for fast passes) and photo pass, which were a great value. i went in trying to feel like a kid, but they brought the adult side of me.
We had an awesome day. So much to see. It was pram central. Lines got rides were too long to wait so we only did the Ferris wheel. We wanted to do more rides to get our monies worth but you   d waste too much time in line. Disappointing some of the rides were closed and the castle was covered up. The parade was awesome. Good day though.
Oh my gosh!! Where do I even begin. We drove to LA from Northern Alberta, Canada. We decided to take our three teen preteen children. What an awful experience!! From the grumpy parking man (we parked preferred), man at the ticket office implying that maybe the max pass add on was too expensive for us, to the even grumpier older blonde haired lady wearing black tuque named Cheryl scanning tickets and taking photos. It was awful!! The Castle is under construction, so there   s a tarp with a cartoon picture of the castle. Definitely not the same! Everything in the park is way overpriced, unless you   re a Season Pass holder. Most of the rides were down today (Feb 20th) and some breaking down and the ride operators were so rude when letting us know that the ride was shut down. Seemed like they hated their job and I noticed all of the negativity and so did my children. We rode 3 rides and decided that enough was enough. We left in the worst mood and what a waste of money!! We spent $720 USD which was close to $980CAD for 3 hours! The staff needs a reality check and learn some workplace positivity especially when you work at Disneyland!!
Just the best place for family fun. Bring your wallet, book your max passes, be prepared to do a lot of walking. But you will have the best time ever. Recommend minimum 3 day park hopper ride with max pass
An 11 hour day.....wow. The kids were as happy leaving as they were arriving. We had a character breakfast to start the morning. Kids and adults had a wonderful breakfast. Loads of fun. Used the app to figure out which rides had the shortest lines. Worked wonderful well. Also used the fast pass. Perfect.
I have been toallthe Florida parks. I enjoyed Disneyland more. It is smaller yet we got to more rides. It condenses the Magic with some of the rides at Epcot and MGM. Plus it is atthe same entrance than the other park and downtown Disney so it is all there.
Disneyland is still really awesome for me ever since we went as children in the 70s. The experience and variety you get cannot be emulated by anyone else round the world. The two parks were pretty busy in the February weekend we went. TipsWe bought a special offer 3 days for the price of two pass for $210 (effectively $70 per day). We also bought a max pass (additional $30pp) which helps hugely as you can book fast passes on your smartphone. The first fast pass you can book is after you enter the park. So everyone has to get up and go through the entrance. Then you can start booking further passes 2 hours after the initial one. The photo offer with the max pass is tremendous as the photographers are really great and you get to have all your photos sent to your smart phone. I   ve posted a photo of us where the Disney photographer    photobombed    our photo with my Minnie mouse soft toy I had bought. Sooo cool.You could also go in the single riders lane which we found we only had to wait 25 minutes at the California Adventure roller coaster ride.Check the Disney site as many attractions were not running. Just so you can manage expectations. Significant attractions not running when we were here were World of colour CA, (expected to open up again in November), Bugs World, Fantasmic night show, Splash mountain, Sleeping Beauty castle was being renovated. There was plenty to do but make sure you check the fireworks schedule too as in the off season that doesn   t run mid week I noticed.I would highly recommend the Frozen show which is an hour long at California Adventure park. That   s a world class disney musical, especially suitable for the girls and ladies! I felt we really got our money   s worth on the ticket by attending that show.All in all, another enjoyable time at Disney. Have fun!
This was a trip that I wanted to do all of my life. Disneyland was very fun and the lines were not too long, granted it rained the day I was there. Mr. Toad's Adventure is fantastic and I recommend going on more than once if possible. This was one of my favourite stories as a child.Also highly recommend the Rose Tavern, delicious food and cozy interior.
Amazing place to visit with the whole Family! we visited last week and it was great! an overcast day with some rain didn't stop us from having fun! we still enjoyed every minute of the park and actually rode almost all the rides! the wait time was less than 15mins which was awesome! the Churros were delicious and the Popcorn was just irresistible had to purchase more that one. we will be coming back again!
We enjoyed the park.  Disappointed that the castle was not real. but all in all we had a great time.   Take plenty of money because everything is way over priced.
Disneyland is always magical and this visit did not disappoint. The park was clean, the rides were updated and fun. The employees want to please for the most part! Our favorite rides (we have older kids) are Space Mountain, Indiana Jones, Thunder Mountain, Pirates, Star Tours and the Matterhorn. The Max Pass (about $10 15 extra per person per day) really saves time and you can download any pictures taken in the park right to your phone. We took pictures at the front of the park in front of the Mickey and the photographer was excellent  he offered lots of innovative poses that turned out really great! The flow control of the park seems to be lacking. For example, we went on the train and the employees there didn't direct anyone to move down to open up seats for passengers who were scrambling to find one. Seems like a no brainer but I noticed this lack of crowd control many times through our 3 days at both parks. My family loves Gibson Girl ice cream on Main Street and the  Birthday Place  on Main street has a nice chicken dinner that feeds at least two for lunch or dinner. We definitely got out money's worth we went on over 30 rides in 3 days all major attractions!
My girls and I, took a few days and went on a trip to Disneyland. We had pictures while on a wild water fall ride was the best! Gift shopping for the ones back home was fun too.I highly recommend Disneyland to all ages! Fun, fun, fun!
The    off season    is the perfect time to visit Disneyland either as adult friends enjoying a vacation like us or as a family as we saw many many having a great time like us. I understand that price can be a great concern but with the proper savings plan it can be easily done with ways to save $$ in and out of the park. We visited both Disneyland and California Adventure when the park hours were from 9am to 8pm but we were able to enter Disneyland an hour early one morning because we purchased a 3 day Park Hopper pass which allows you one early morning entry and the ability to visit either park at anytime during the day. The limited park hours were offset by the very low wait times we experienced for our favorite big name attractions. We also purchased the option of the Max Pass which is like a virtual Fast Pass where you can get Fast Pass return times on the Disneyland app on your smart phone. Our strategy for rides were to get Fast Passes for the very popular attractions while filling the wait time by using the app to see which other rides had low standby wait times. We concentrated on one park in the morning and getting our next Fast Pass in the other park just before transitioning to the other park. With this strategy we were able to ride Radiator Springs 4 times, Guardians of the Galaxy 4 times, Toy Story arcade 3 times, Soaring twice and other fun attractions in California Adventure at least once. In Disneyland we rode Indiana Jones 3 times and Pirates and Mansion in between. We also rode many attractions in Fantasyland like Mr Toad, Snow White, etc. we stayed across the street from Disneyland (see other review) at the BW Park Place Inn (5 star rating). I hope you enjoyed the review, Disneyland is truly the Happiest Place on Earth!!
What can I say ... this is the second time in the happiest place on earth ..  My daughter and I planned a trip before she started uni and we had a ball. Walked for miles and miles and loved every minute.
I came with my brother (huge Star Wars Fan) and his wife (Huge Mickey Mouse fan) and we had a magical day. I live here in CA, a few miles from the parks. My personal recommendation:   The day before, sit down with your party and go over the park   s map. COME WITH A PLAN: where to go first, then second attraction, where do you wanna eat lunch, etc. Don   t show up with the    let   s see what the day brings us    attitude or you are gonna waste a lot of time.   check the weather report, Bring comfy shoes (comfort before beauty, ladies) and a back pack with a sweater or jacket. Usually the temp drops 20 degrees at night here in Orange County.    download the app on your phone. Also, download the tickets on your phone.   Once in the park, get the Disney MaxPass   this pass combines the ability to make Disney FASTPASS attraction selections from your phone with unlimited Disney PhotoPass downloads for a day   and you can do it all for the only $15 per day, per ticket! (Price as of Jan 2019)   Utilize the app go get FASTPASS, set up your alarms so you don   t forget to go back to the app and get another FASTPASS   Utilize the app to RSVP a restaurant in the park   Utilize the app yo download all your pix of the day in minutes!    be mentally prepared for the lines   be physically prepared for a long day of walking. Don   t miss the fireworks : )
Great time clean, friendly, user friendly, great food,  great service, great staff,  Well lit, great layout
My boyfriend & I traveled here all the way from Southern Indiana, and it was well worth it! We had a fantastic day filled with fun, characters, and great rides! We were asked to join the VIP room of Mark Twain   s boat ride  and not to mention, we are official captains of the boat! Another great part of our day we   re all the photographer   s throughout the park to snap a photo for our memories! We can   t wait to return and have another great day and ride    It   s a small world    one more time.
Surprised at how high the prices for everything is from the souvenirs to the food. We took our grandchildren and their parents . We had great accommodations at the Disneyland Hotel we had a suite which worked well with 6 of us . Over all very pricey not affordable for the average family .
We have always gone this time of year. A lot of attractions are closed for refurbishment and rainy weather. But having the low crowds has always been worth it. However the last 4 years the crowds have been CRAZY. We love Disney and will go regardless. I'm having to rethink if it's worth the closed rides and crappy weather in the office season which is now CROWDED. If we are going to deal with crowds might as well have all attractions open and warm sunny weather. Crowds and rain we still had a fun time...how could you not at Disneyland...HAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH.
My favourite place in the world. So magical. Expensive, yes but worth every cent. Both parks can be done in one day if you know what you're doing but 2 3 days is best. I can't wait to return!!
Love Disneyland, but it   s just too crowded! The employees are not as sweet, attentive and patient, and bumping into people is part of the visit, with all the strollers, wagon and electric carts. Add all the people on the cell phones (even on rides), and it got pretty chaotic. (Alcohol is served in California Adventure, too  which added to the chaos). Walt Disney would not be impressed!
Disneyland is definitely one of our favorite places to go as a family. We have purchased passes two times now. We do live 3 1 2 hours from the park but we do try to go as often as we can every month and a half to two months. We are a family of five so getting passes is really our only option. We just love Disneyland!! One suggestion to save money is to bring your own water and snacks
I first went to Disney 30  years ago. It seemed a fair, happy place back then. I revisted last week and the attractions were the same. It looks like the place is stuck. The people visiting seemed stuck too. No healthy food, mostly expensive fast food. Long waiting lines, for tired rides. I hoped they had updated it is a small world, but no, it looks and felt sad and tacky. Go for a walk in the park or take your kids to the ocean. Don't waste your money on this place. Dreams are not coming true any longer.
We enjoyed this place immensely! We did Disney World last year and found it overwhelming. Disneyland was much more enjoyable for a small child. We   ll be back :)
This is our third time here with the kids and we still love it. We have seen the park for 4th July celebrations, & Halloween but never the Holiday Season and the decorations did not disappoint. Coming from Australia where it's summer it was wonderful to see the winter wonderland Disney had created and at night time it was simply spectacular.We stayed at the Paradise Pier Hotel so had early access to both parks and had a 5 Day park hopper pass with the added Maxpass so we could Fastpass as many rides as we could. This was the first time we had used the Disney App and it was brilliant as we were able to adapt and plan where to go next according to which rides had the shortest wait times whilst still being able to Fastpass rides (You can only Fastpass one ride at a time so the best way to maximise Fastpass is select your first Fastpass of the day and then as soon as you have scanned yourself onto that ride and you are waiting in the queue to get on the ride, check the App to see what Fastpass is available on another ride close to the current time and select that and then keep doing that all day night) We may have zigzagged around the park but we know that we got to go on more rides doing that than simply trying to do everything in one 'land' before moving on. We love the atmosphere of Disneyland and although there was nothing new for us to experience when it came to rides we had a fabulous time. Disneyland has something for everyone, even if you don't like thrill rides (not that Disneyland really has anything too scary, maybe Splash Mountain for some?) there is enough for people to experience and enjoy. You do need more than 1 day to experience everything, we never do less than 5 for both parks as rides break down and queues can be long even with Fastpass options & we love to go on our favourite rides multiple times! Lastly if you do want to dine at one of the themed restaurants in the park, note that bookings open 60 days in advance and in busy periods reservations go very quickly. Our family love Disneyland as we are all there just to have fun, laugh and a great time together creating fabulous memories.
Let me guess, you are expecting 4 parks, a massive Disney Springs, 2 water parks, and 100 Disney hotels surrounding the property!!! Well, think again....It   s the original Disney Park! Enjoy it! Security is terrible and think they are cops  most are ex military and really nice  most are wannabe police officers and think they were in the military when they got cut from boot camp  so try and pack light. I understand you have children and strollers and diaper bags  etc... have all your bags and everything ready to go. My suggestion  give 1 person everything and have the rest of your party with nothing get through security quicker. Mornings are terrible!!! I suggest waiting and grabbing a nice breakfast at one of the cafes or hotel restaurants and then come late morning. It   s busier  sure, but, less of a wait!My wife and I are AP   s and we love to do date nights more  mainly because of work, however, all of you that have been here all day need to get dinner  children need a nap  you   re tired  you need a drink  so it   s our turn to play. Nights are great  especially when the park is open to midnight. Please please please make sure you check when the park closes before you plan a luxurious trip here! Closing the park at 2000 hours because of an event is just absurd and killyour vibe. Usually Monday  Wednesday the park closes at 2100 hours, so please check.The benefit between here and WDW  the 2 parks and downtown Disney are all connected  no buses  no traveling  no wasting valuable time! It is also connected to the only 3 hotels on property with more shopping  dining and entertainment! More time with family and friends and less time sitting on a bus with that smell! Enjoy Disneyland and learn about the history and find all the secrets that are right in front of you! Just on Main St. Alone  there is a story at every window you look at!
I know it is all about making money; but our day was ridiculous and a complete waste of time. Not only did we pay for the upgrade (don't waste your money) to help with the lines, but we got there when the park opened ... it made no difference. They need to limit the number of guests and that is the bottom line. How much money do you need to make in a day when people are waiting 2 hours to get on a ride. Travelling from Australia with my wife and two kids,including Disneyland in our trip was a must ... but it was the biggest let down of our holiday. I would encourage anyone to go to any other theme park as sadly Disneyland is simply not worth the money or the time that you waste waiting in line.
This is our go to vacation every year. Makes us all happy and we can   t stop talking about going. Everyone is friendly and the rides are awesome. Can be a bit crowded but we   ve managed to figure out times that works best for us.
What can I say, It's Disneyland! Over priced tickets, food, and souvenirs, Over crowded with people. Wait in line for hours (although going through the single rider line is great) for a 2 minute ride. But where else can you have this kind of fun? Going as a child years ago, and then going now that I'm older, it's fun to see what has changed and what has stayed the same.Yes, I'll go back to Disneyland, but I'll probably wait until I save up enough money to go. Maybe in 5 years.
Had been over 20 years since last visited and found that Disneyland still puts a huge smile on your face whenever you go.
The title says it all but what else can you say?  Disneyland is still the same and we all had a great time.
Had a perfect weather trip! A little rain but it was such a fun trip! Always a fun place to be! We took advantage of the max pass this time around and we were glad we did! Fast pass from your phone is so convenient! We also got home and ended up having over 80 photos from all the different photographers throughout the park! Money well spent!!
Had lots of fun with the kids got on all the rides and ate all the food   Best was in pirates of the Caribbean
Firstly, I   d like to point out that I hadn   t been to the park in at least 20yrs., but with that said...I don   t have children & don   t see the point. This time I went with two friends from foreign countries and both had never been! It did not disappoint The rides have all been refurbished, redesigned and brought into the Now!The animation characters & costumes are magnificent & spot on! The food , including snack stations are much more Health conscious and Tasteful. The park is more organized with the available ride lines moving quite quickly. Parking garage is Huge! Also, a secondary theme park called    California adventure     right next door as an alternative. Seeing it thru a foreigners eyes renewed my interest in the park. Well worth the cost!
We were expecting to see plenty of Disney characters walking around set against a huge castle with fireworks at the end of the day. Unfortunately none of this was true as we only saw 2 characters with a small castle hidden behind sheets and scaffolding. Add to that the gigantic lines for rides and meals and you spend very little time actually interacting with the entertainment. I can see the appeal for taking your kids but I can see there would be plenty of other options you would choose for the price you pay.
A little over two months ago, my girlfriend discovered that Disneyland Park was planning another    Disney After Dark    hard ticket event, this time themed after Valentine   s Day and referred to as    Sweetheart   s Nite   . We were well aware just how popular these events have been in the past, so we immediately purchased our tickets online via the Annual Passholder pre sale option. After much anticipation, the night had finally come. Upon arrival, we parked in the Mickey & Friends Parking Structure, made our way past the security checkpoint and quickly boarded a tram to take us to front gate.Once we stepped through the gate, we were both handed special lanyards, wristbands and brochures. By this point, the time was around 8pm and while the event itself did not officially start until 9, guest mix in had begun two hours prior. This provided us the opportunity to plan out our evening (while waiting in line at the Main Street Starbucks). We would continue down Main Street, coffee in hand, to the park   s central hub. We immediately noticed the painted facade outlining Sleeping Beauty Castle (which was interestingly under refurbishment). From there we headed into Adventureland and hopped aboard Indiana Jones Adventure in no time flat, which is unfathomable during normal park hours. We would also grab a bite at the brand new Tropical Hideaway, where assorted baos (or breaded dumplings) make up most of their menu. A steel drum band played while we enjoyed our delicious snack.We would then leave for New Orleans Square where we rode Haunted Mansion (again in no time at all) and experienced the first of many holiday offerings in the Mark Twain Riverboat, which was transformed into a    Moonlight Cruise    featuring a jazz band performing on the bow of the ship. Prior to this evening, I had yet to experience the historic riverboat at night, which made the voyage even more magical.Once we returned to    port   , we hastily headed for Big Thunder Mountain Railroad in Frontierland     again little to no wait. The shockingly short wait times would become a running theme throughout the evening. To those who haven   t experienced Big Thunder at night yet, try it and see for yourself.Following the heart pumping train ride, we would revisit the central hub and continue into Fantasyland, where we would enjoy dinner at Red Rose Taverne. The    Beauty and the Beast    inspired eatery   s seasonal special featured Minnie   s Surf & Turf Artisan Flatbread for Two, which was fairly reasonable in price, as well as positively scrumptious (... and filling). We would ride Dumbo the Flying Elephant, Pinocchio   s Daring Journey, Storybook Land Canal Boats and Alice in Wonderland in quick succession before heading over to    it   s a small world    to catch some of the    Royal Ball   , where guests were given the opportunity to dance with their favorite Disney princes and princesses, including Cinderella and Prince Charming, Ariel and Eric, and Tiana and Naveen. We would soon discover where the vast majority of the crowds had gathered. Rare (but popular) Disney couples characters, including Hercules and Meg, and Milo and Kida (from    Atlantis: The Lost Empire   ) had garnered much attention from avid fans.Romantic Disney movie backdrops had also encompassed the area, for which guests could pose for pictures with their friends and or loved ones. These elaborate photo opportunities included (but were not limited to) the    I See the Light    lantern scene from    Tangled    and    A Whole New World    magic flying carpet scene from    Aladdin   . They too commanded extremely long lines     so much so that we chose to forgo them altogether in favor of our walk on attraction marathon.We continued into Tomorrowland where we would ride both Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters and Space Mountain with, you guessed it, absolutely no wait whatsoever!To conclude our evening of    after dark    fun, we jumped in the line at    Get Your Ears On: A Mickey and Minnie Celebration    held within the Tomorrowland Terrace.Before exiting the park, we were able to snap a photo with Horace Horsecollar, which put a stamp on our perfect night.I would strongly recommend    Disney After Dark    events to adults looking for leisure time within the park. Since only a finite number of tickets are sold, the typical hustle and bustle is kept to a dull roar. That being said, I would also advise guests to choose early on in their evening between the rides attractions and the character meet and greets special event offerings as it is almost impossible to do it all in only four hours.
What can you say it   s Disneyland.. I love Disneyland.. Fun rides and a lot to see. I like to come here every couple months. It   s always a good time. some of my favorite rides are Indiana Jones, Space Mountain, Pirates of the Caribbean, And splash mountain.. there are so many more .. you can do both parks in one day w California Adventures but if you really want to enjoy the park I suggest you do a whole day at Disneyland..
We are used to going to Magic Kingdom in Orlando but decided to go to Disneyland while in Anaheim! My family had a good time. It was hard not to compare the two parks. While we like Magic Kingdom better there were a few attractions we like better at Disneyland. Space Mountain and Pirates of the Caribbean were better in our opinion at Disneyland. It   s was definitely worth the time!
I   ve been to Disney world three times so I was anxious to see how I would like Disneyland! I LOVED it!!! It   s a slower paced than WDW and less crowd! I definitely will be coming back!
If you don't know, I hope this doesn't ruin the secret but Super Bowl Sunday is the best day to visit the park. Not only were most people at home, it was raining as well. What normally is 10 rides at most, became a day of 20 rides an hour dinner break in Downtown Disney and we even left early!
We always love coming to DL as we are Wdw passholders and DVC members. It is smaller and quaint compared to Magic Kingdom. This time it was the first time we were able to use Maxpass. It is an extra charge 15.00 I believe. But so worth it! It allowed us to get on the rides we wanted first thing and pick another pass before the other one came up. Difference is that you have to be in the park for it to work. Not like the free fast passes at Wdw that you pick before you arrive. We felt it made it much more attainable to get passes for too rides. We just had a day this trip, we love Haunted Mansion and got to see it with the Nightmare before Christmas layover. Love it! The Castle is so pretty , it would be great to take kids to see DL first then go to Wdw to see the reaction to the bigger castle. But the love of Walt   s original park can be felt as you tour and play all day!
My husband and I planned a trip with our toddler and infant to California for the first time in February 2019. My Mom mentioned that this was the quiet time for Disney and she bought my daughter a 3 day pass for her third birthday (so we also had to buy 3 day passes for ourselves costing over $400). What a mistake. We were done with Disney after just one day. All you do all day long is wait in lines. You   ll wait in line to get into the parking lot, then you   ll wait in line to use the elevator in the parking lot (only 2 elevators in the entire parking garage for a park that accommodates 44,000 people, most of whom have strollers or wheelchairs), you will then wait in line to get to security, and then wait in line at security to be screened and to have them dig through all of your belongings, then you will wait in line for the tram, then you will wait in line for tickets (if you didn   t buy them beforehand online), and then you will wait in line to FINALLY get into the park (all of this usually took about an hour minimum). Then you will wait in line for a ride (sometimes a 2 hour wait), then you will wait in line to meet a single Disney character (usually a 30 40 minute wait), then you will wait in a line for crappy overpriced food, then you will wait in a line to see one of the shows, then you will wait in line to use a single change table in the washrooms (there should be more than one change table in the washrooms at a children   s theme park), then you will wait in line trying to buy a souvenir, then you will wait in line to get back on the tram, and then you will wait in line in traffic trying to exit the park. This place is a massive waste of time and money. Never again. We   ll take our kids somewhere that our precious time together won   t be wasted.
A beautiful experience back to childhood and all the characters we grew up with . Make sure you wear comfortable shoes and outfits there is a lot of walking involved.
This was our 3rd Disney park visit, after Orlando & Paris, and California didn   t disappoint. It   s lovely to see how the parks differ but they still all have that unique magical charm. The only downside we had when we were there was that there was no fireworks in the evening. Bit of bad planning from us as we were only there for 2 nights and one of those nights was a Mickey   s Not So Scary Halloween Party (which we couldn   t afford tickets at the time) but will definitely be back in the future and hope to see fireworks then!
Better weather, cleaner park, nicer people, less crowded, less walking.  Our family LOVED Disneyland California.
We had an amazing time making memories and loving the atmosphere. We lost a set of ears and haven   t had any luck finding them. We submitted a search request and hope they are found. The park said if they are found they would mail them to us free of charge. That   s going above and beyond.
Three stars. Well yes given it   s Disney and given the price we expected more.On the plus side the park was beautiful, the lands are incredibly detailed and you can lose yourself in the different zones. Ride times were ok and the queues not too bad, but it was frustrating how many rides were closed and then opened again later in the day, you definitely need the App and Disney don   t give you free WiFi.Now the disappointment, where are all the characters? We saw Mickey once and he had to go for a rest as soon as a queue headed his way, we saw Woody twice, on the run from autograph hunters    can   t stop guys   .Biggest disappointment was no parades midweek, come on Disney we spend a fortune getting in, a fortune in your gift shops and you can   t give us some actors and cars parading round to delight the kids. Universal Studios was just so much better value
Halloween with two kids under the age of 7 was a blast at Disneyland. They had so much fun dressing up and seeing all of their favorite characters in costume. And the haul of candy that they got trick or treating was great. We will definitely go again.
Just got back from January trip to Anaheim and Disneyland CA Adventure. Not really a fan of Marvel and Star Wars plastered all over. They are decidedly NOT Disney. Disney had nothing to do with either except buying the rights. They need to be in a separate park somewhere else, IMO. NOW, on to the parks. If you haven't been to Disneyland lately they have redone Splash Mountain to where you get REALLY WET instead of just a little wet. I'm talking Grizzly River Rapids wet, so don't do this ride if you don't have a change of clothes or if it's cold out. As we were in line to board I noticed folks getting off just literally dripping water off every item of clothing. Saw folks in line putting on rain ponchos and now I know why. Our car log had 3  standing water in whole bottom that went from one end to the other as we went up and down soaking those in front and back with over 6  over their shoes in the process. During the ride at times who were inundated. This is NEW and not necessarily welcome. I was lucky to have Duluth Dry on the Fly pants and boxer briefs on with waterproof Teva high top shoes. I don't work for either company, but both products are great and the Duluth really dries quickly. Sadly, the Donald Duck hoody I was wearing had to be wrung out and was still saturated and useless  in fact detrimental. So, if you aren't ready to leave the park to get new clothes or if it's not sunny and warm, I would avoid Splash Mountain. If you don't mind being literally soaked to the bone then jump on. I wondered why the line was so short, and after this I now know. Word must be getting around. You get REALLY, REALLY WET on the ride now. The park overall was great except the Castle was closed off completely for renovation so you had to go around. Pixar Pier in CA Adventure is not much different except for naming of stuff. Not too excited to see Minnie, Mickey, Donald, Goofy, and Pluto removed from the ferris wheel cars, but not a big deal. Tower of Terror was way better than the Guardians of the Galaxy look to me. And the one really glaring faux pas in CA Adventure that I can't believe the Disney folks haven't picked up on and fixed is the very dark blue sky background with clouds at the end of the street past Hyperion Theater. It is not remotely close to the lighter blue of the CA sky which is usually mostly cloudless. It seems so easy to me for the painters there to match the blue of a beautiful southern CA sky to the backdrop. It's just paint after all. So easy to fix and would look so much better. Walt would have pointed that out right away. Disney is still magical but still all about $$$$$ more than experience now...
We purchased our Disney tickets through a deal on Expedia for Australian residents. We purchased a 4 day, 2 parks, 1 Park per day ticket. Our tickets did not include the fastpass access. That was an additional purchase of US$15 per ticket per day. We opted to not get the fastpass as due to the rainy cold weather it hasn   t been as busy as we have experienced during previous visits. The most we ever waited for a ride was 35 minutes. There was always long lines to meet the characters so we opted not to engage in themDisney is undergoing a fair bit of refurb at the moment. Cinderella   s castle is covered up completely due to being repainted. During our 4 day visit, multiple rides were shut down temporarily and not running. Would definitely recommend using the Disney app to keep updated on ride closures and wait times. Facilities were always spotless. Staff were always friendly and helpful. Would definitely recommend taking a packed lunch as the food inside the park is expensive and you will easily spent $60 70 for coffee and snacks. Plus the lines can be long. Merchandise is really expensive and mostly made in China. Lots & lots of pramsCan   t comment on parking as we stayed close by and walked to the park. Only downer: Mickeys Haunted Mansion broke down today half way through the ride so we had to be let off by staff and walk the remaining section of the ride. People who had used their fastpass for the ride were given another fastpass, however those that hadn   t used fastpass got nothing. I feel that wasn   t really fair, but didn   t let it ruin our experience or day.
There is not much better than a day at Disneyland that small crowds, and any more the only way to do that is to come on a day that it rains. After all most people don't want to come in the rain. But if your willing to deal with it, it will be well worth it do to the much smaller crowds.
Such a wonderful place! As Disney fans it was a delight to visit the original Park designed and created by Walt Disney himself. Something for everyone and so much to see. We watched both the early afternoon and the evening parade because it was so good and great to see in the day and the night at two different angles. Only disappointment was that some of the castle was under construction so covered and It's a Small World was closed as well but we had heard this in advance.
We went on what was said to be their slowest week of the year... I guess everyone else in the world did too. We lined up for 45 minutes just to get in the park. Spent so much money on tickets, and then spent half of the day standing in lines for a 2 minute ride. LOVE the rides, but overall not worth it. 3 different rides broke down while we were in line.
I have always heard that January is a great time to visit Disneyland. But, I assumed that the lower crowds were only mid week. I was very pleased to find that even the weekends weren   t bad. I arrived at opening on Saturday morning and was able to walk right on many rides without a wait. I go to Disneyland a lot and can vouch for the fact that sometimes the park is very busy. And, yes it can be expensive. But, with a little planning you can find days and times that are not so crowded. And if you plan your days ahead of time, you can make the most of the cost. If it   s your first time, get one of the books available that helps you plan your trip. It   s well worth it! This one day January visit ended up being great   20 different rides in one day!
I have a disability and qualify for disabled access pass to rides. I love that Disney offers this but they need to streamline the process. The whole point is to make me have to stand less but there's 6 deep lines at every desk to get the pass for the next ride.
We love Disneyland! We were just here in July and it was packed, through some research we found that this time of the year is much less busy. But, don   t misquote me it is still busy, just less. The only crappy part of this visit was that it rained on Thursday, like poured. Everything shut down due to weather. Currently the castle is undergoing a renovation, so if you come before summer you will not see the castle. Before you go read some blogs about Disneyland, they are usually the most updated information. If you are staying at a Disney hotel the send you ride closers and updated information a few weeks before you go so that you are prepared.My husband and I were disappointed when we were here in July as there were not very many restaurants offering Gluten free options. But over the last 6 months we researched to find you just have to ask. Some options are available for mobile order, some you have to order in person. They also have a separate cooking area and fryers just for GF, they have a policy that you have to talk to the cook and Only the cook will deliver your GF meal
In summary, Disneyland and Disney California Adventure are not worth the price they charge. For starters, the crowds. We went on a Monday and a Wednesday in January, and it was still extremely crowded. For example, just to get into the park, it took me 45 minutes to get through the security bag check (more on this later). By the time we made it into the parks, the lines for most rides were already 60 90 minutes long. We did utilize the Fastpass system, but it is so limited in how it   s used that you will inevitably be spending time in standby lines throughout the day. On Monday, we arrived at 9:15am and left at 5:30pm. We rode 6 rides. For most of the day, the Cars ride was a 120 minute wait. In addition, the food and restaurants are way overpriced. We did the Blue Bayou (their nicest restaurant, which you need to reserve a month ahead of time due to the crowds), and the Galactic Grill (their budget eatery). The Blue Bayou has price tags that would have passed for a very fancy restaurant. However, we weren   t that impressed with the food. We all agreed that we   ve had better food at chain restaurants than Disneyland   s version of an upscale place. And the Galactic Grill was straight up awful. The kids burger, which was $8, was literally a slider sized sandwich that consisted of two flat and bland buns resting on a dry, thin meat patty. My kids were horrified. We had eaten at In N Out the day before (which is cheaper and far superior) and my kids couldn   t get over how awful their Disneyland burger was. For the price of admission that they are charging now, I am convinced that I do not get my money   s worth. Due to the crowds, in order to experience more than a few things, you either have to go multiple days, or purchase a Maxpass, both of which cost even more money, and in my opinion still don   t deliver. If you do end up going, I would strongly recommend bringing your own food and water. Their food is horrible, and very expensive. We did this the second day we went, and it was a much more pleasant experience. This does necessitate that you bring a bag or backpack, which means you will have to go through the security bag check. So I would recommend getting to the park early so that you don   t end up waiting an hour just to get into the ticketing area! We did this the second day too, arriving at 8:15am (the parks open at 9am). It was still mobbed with people, but I was able to get in by 8:50am. Use the Fastpass system as much as you can. You will still end up waiting in line, usually around 10 20 minutes, but it   s much better than 60 90 minutes. The Maxpass would be nice, since it allows you to obtain a Fastpass from your phone as well as have multiple Fastpasses, but it   s an extra $15 per ticket. We just weren   t willing to give any more money to Disney after such a crazy admission price. The only reason I gave 2 stars is because the rides definitely are quality rides. They are fun and exciting and tell a story. And the park is very clean. But as I   ve stated multiple times, it just wasn   t worth it in the end.
Try to go during off season and not a weekend. We paid extra to use the system where you reserve a spot in line on your phone. It worked well and was worth the money. Lots of stuff to do and we liked that we could bring our baby with us on a lot of the rides.
Disneyland Park is great. Lots of fun for everyone. I wasn't impressed with the cost of food items though. We ate one night at the Chinese take out restaurant. We were famished otherwise I don't think we would have eaten it. We chicken was not recognizable and the japanese terriaki did not taste like terriaki at all. Sorry! Would be nice to have more affordable food since we pay so much to get in the park.
Half of the attractions were closed when we visited yet we were still charged full price.  Very crowded and long queues for 60 second rides which were pretty ordinary.   Over priced and over rated.
Disney.  You do make dreams come true for young and old adults!   The parade was every bit what it should be!   One downside though is the incredibly bad and spotty wifi.  Come on, we expect a flawless execution on that side too!
Happiest Place on Earth will burn a hole in your wallet. Each year the price of Disneyland tickets in Orange County California keeps going up. Those are just the tickets which I think is $150   each! Not to mention the $20 burger combos inside, lodging and transportation. The kids love the place. I wanted to run away and live inside the amusement park when I was young. We all have our inner fantasies. I think the cost is getting too ridiculous for the blue collar family man to afford a good time at Disneyland. It   s only getting bigger since Disney bought out Marvel Comics. Great place to visit, but only once in a lifetime due to high costs.
We visited Disneyland over a few days as three generations of the one family as our first visit. Queues for popular rides routinely run at 40   60 minutes so it is definitely worth getting a Fast Pass (which we had included as part of our four day tickets). Be aware however, that once you get a Fast Pass reservation, you are prevented from getting another one for a period   either until the first one expires, or about an hour or so before it expires. We got a reservation for a popular ride that was four hours in advance of when we took it, and the stand by queue was then only 60 minutes, so consider your tactics. We were glad to visit over multiple days as otherwise we would have felt that we spent our time queuing instead of riding.
Second visit for the kid and first for me...  Fast pass is way worth it. Bring comfortable shoes, avoid heavy cameras  paxk an I phone 10 and call it good
I am a Southern California grandmother who remembers going to Disneyland as a child and then later taking my son there when he was a child. Now I am able to take my grandchildren there. Unfortunately, I feel an obligation to tell people  especially people who pay lots of money for travel and accommodations   that Disneyland is not what it used to be. Disneyland is very expensive. And very crowded. And the rides don't always work. Last year, I paid over $550.00 to take my son and his family (7 people) to visit the happiest place on earth. We were pretty disappointed because many, many of the rides stopped working throughout the day. I remember the days when ride closures would be announced ahead of time, but these closures were intermittent and seemingly random. We would stand in line for awhile and then be told that the ride had to be taken down for maintenance. In addition, we sometimes had trouble finding a restroom that was open. Three times throughout the day, we were actually turned away from restrooms. For the price that we paid, I really expected more. We haven't been back since, and don't really have a desire to return in the near future. Please, if you are planning to travel a distance, book hotel rooms, and buy multi day tickets think carefully about whether or not you really want to spend all that money on something that is sadly not what it used to be.
Disney is amazing ... the place is clean, well run and you certainly don   t lack for something to do.Disney Park is probably more for the smaller kids though, with a lot of the rides being aimed at a younger audience.If you like the thrill rides go next door to Disney   s California Adventure Park.Also, if you are there for a single day, get the Max Pass for $10 as it will give you better access to rides and also digital copies of all Disney and ride photos.And look out for    single rider    spots on the rides ... space mountain had a 45 minute wait, but we got on as single riders (in seperate carriages) in under 5 minutes.
I went to Disneyland November , was very disappointing, it was more for a 3 yr old , saw no Mickey Mouse , no cartoon characters, , didn   t really excite me , I preferred universal studios , .As a child I dreamed of going to Disneyland , but wasn   t up to my expectations
This was my first trip to Disneyland after many visits to Disney World. I love this place! Especially at Christmas. The Haunted Mansion becomes Nightmare!! I was in awe. What a transformation. And It's a small world is just beautiful. Can't wait to go back.
What a truly magical place. Disneyland was and is everything you could imagine and more. Definitely download the app on your phone and take advantage of fast passes.
Purchased a ticket that was 4 days for the price of 2. We definitely needed the 4 days to get through everything in the 2 parks as we went from 26 29th of Dec and it was SUPER packed and with very long lines at security and entrance. There were long lines for all the rides but with a FastPass at the distribution you could get FastPasses for some rides and wait in line for others. All the rides had amazing detail with the characters and setting and the park was very clean. Overall I had a great experience at Disneyland.
We spent one day at Disneyland and got to do most of what we wanted before running out of time. I had an Unofficial Guide  Book to Disney but they say their suggested itineraries do not work if you do not have early admission privileges on days the park opens early. What we found most helpful was the TouringPlans.com website and their Lines app. You can choose what you want to do and the app organizes it for you to minimize your wait time. Then while in the park, you can re optimize your schedule to stay on the best schedule. Check out the calendar online and go on a Value Day to save some money ( non peak days). Disneyland was smaller than I expected but there is PLENTY to do and we had a great day of park rides, boat rides, shows, and a little bit of shopping. If this will be your first visit, stop at City Hall just inside the gates to get a First Timer souvenir button! Thanks for a delightful day, Disneyland!!
It's Disneyland, really doesn't need a review : ) Whether you are a big kid or a small kid, visit Disneyland. Get there early and figure out the fast pass system and magic mornings to be more efficient getting on rides. The Character breakfast at the Plaza Inn is a great way to see a number of characters without the lines and book a reservation at one of the nicer restaurants inside the park for good food. Park food is meh. Expect lots of walking and standing in line irrelevant of the time of year you visit, but shoot for off season. There are crowd tracker websites that can help with that.
We   ve been planning this trip for some time. Sadly, or happily, it rained all three days! Dress in warm layers, grab some dollar store rain ponchos and ride baby! DOWNLOAD THE DISNEY APP on your smart phone!!! Get familiar with it before you go...this will make you a much smarter visitor. Besides the map feature with the    you are here dot    you can check out wait times for various attractions and use in app purchases to add remote Fast Pass acquisition. You can also scan passes for your party into one phone device for easy access, and protection from loss. Finally, if you want a sit down dinner in the park, MAKE A RESERVATION before you go. Even a bad day at Disneyland is a great, memory making, day!
Long lines and unhelpful staff and unhappy employees, I don   t want to even waste my time writing the rest, it   s just not worth it.
Park very clean but raining on the first day and no parade or shows on, no reduction in admission cost which seemed a little unfair.  So much merchandising.
Regarding the Max pass. As the site says review what you are buying. For $15 per person per day I had second thoughts are using it a half day as the regular wait line wasn't bad and a lot of the rides do not use the Max pass so it may not benefit you.The Small World ride needs some serious updating. Its looks like it did 60 years ago. The animatronics need to be replaced and get rid of the Christmas music, its January already!Other then this, I had a magical day!
Like most people, I have great memories of Disneyland as a child. I usually go to a Disney park around once a year, and Disneyland is my favorite. The crowds are usually insane, but January after school starts isn   t too bad. Just be prepared to wait and wade through a sea of strollers. It   s worth it for the magic.
The original and the best   so many character actors in the park to get photos with. The kids loved the place so much.
It has reached the point where the price for visiting is beyond the reach of many normal people. The rides are great, the maintenance is wonderful but on site purchases are beyond belief. A bottle of coke is $4.50, a slice of pizza close to $8. How can a family affort such prices after paying a little over $100 per person to enter? I know that smoking goes against the family image that Disney hopes to maintain but having only 1 place where smoking is permitted is a bit much. Staff were friendly and helpful. With all this being said it remains a magical place.
A MUST do for people of all ages! Went with my partner and a friend who have never been big Disney people, needless to say they absolutely loved it! You never understand the true magic of Disney and Disneyland until you experience it first hand!TIP Go on a week day as it's quieter or better off a week day after a public holiday long weekend, usually means smaller lines!
I have been to Disney a number of years ago and unfortunately my calculations were a bit out as far as the timing goes for most US citizens to have returned to work, so only managed a few fast pass rides.
This has to be my most favorite attraction in So. Cal.    I attended college in So Cal in the 70's & this was my most visited site!!!!    So much to see & do, possibilities are ENDLESS!!!!!
Great theme park for younger kids. Heaps of rides to suit 2   8 year olds, or those that enjoy the nostalgia. We didn   t really    enjoy    many of the bigger rides, as we found them to be quite rough and bumpy (Indiana Jones, and Matterhorn bobsleds, for example).Our main issues are that if you go when it   s busy (when ISN   T it busy??), waits are long, crowds are difficult to move through, and don   t try moving through the park when there   s a parade or fireworks on   near impossible!! We were trying to get from point A to B, but they told us we need to go anti clockwise around the park through points C,D, E, F .... etc etc etc. Very frustrating!! Another frustration was that we planned our day around when we had Fastpasses, and went to grab some dinner (hoping to sit inside as it was cold, for something a bit nicer than pre cooked pizza etc) at about 9pm, in Disneyland that closes at 12 midnight... well, there was nothing! Everywhere that had anything half decent was closing, and most of the seats at the very casual places that were still open were outside. We ended up grabbing 2 kebabs each at a place that gave us 1 paper plate to share, even though they knew it was for 2 people :   During Magic Hour (we were staying at Disney   s Grand Californian), only Fantasy land and Tomorrow land were open. Yes, less people in there, but all in those 2 lands :  Anyway, rant over.I   m sure it   s more enjoyable if you live close by, and can afford the time to explore each area over a period of time, but when time is precious, those things mentioned above are more noticeable.
I wish they'd stop raising their prices but I'm a disney freak so it's worth it! The maxpass was totally worth the extra money too! It's so nice being able to  check in  for a ride while you're waiting in line for another one and we got lots of great pictures with it too!!
Disneyland is certainly the place to be, even if you don   t like theme park rides. Unlike the Adventure park next door (see separate review), every ride has been built with family in mind. From the youngest to the oldest family members, everyone is guaranteed to have a magical time. We walked the park over two days spending an average of 10 hours each day. Favourite rides were found with multiple trips back to each of them.To skip the queues get a maxi pass with photos included for those memories.Don   t miss the fireworks spectacular at 9.30pm each night. We were told main st was the best vantage point but think the seats near fantasy land at the back of the castle were a better point, as main st views were blocked by big trees. There also looked like a good show in the Adventureland section but we missed that one.Once the fireworks are over, most people head home. This is the best time to do all of those rides with the highest wait times. One ride went from a 75 minute wait to a 5 minute wait so you practically got straight on.Tip: take good shoes and book a close hotel in case you need to sneak back to change clothes, grab a jacket or have a rest. Pros: rides, atmosphereCons: lack of fresh food available (salads, fruit etc)
This really is the happiest place on earth. The cost of admission may be pricey but it is well worth it. Best time is at Christmas time when all the lights decorate the park, it   s a small world holiday and Christmas themed parade. Even for a SoCal local we always pass by it thinking whatever, too expensive. But then you go and it   s freaking awesome. Best ride is space mountain for sure. Space mountain felt like being in space and zero gravity more than space camp! Take the little ones to it   s a small world and finding Nemo submarine ride. To avoid crowds stay after 10 PM when most people left for the night. It is really worth the free fast pass service. Getting there is easy with shuttle bus services from LAX and Orange County airports. Don   t rent a car if you are staying in Anaheim. Disney land area is a good base for SoCal adventures. With universal studios, Hollywood walk of fame, legoland, and sea world just a short day trip by train and good public transit options. Best place in Los Angeles area by far. This is a place on your bucket list I tell you
We are very loyal WDW customers and found Disneyland in comparison quite disappointing.The crowds were insane and we found the prices incredibly high. We also found the staff at City Hall quite unsympathetic and almost unbelieving when trying to organise a DAS pass for my eldest daughter.
It   s Disney! Disney never disappoints. We prefer Disneyland over Disney World because it   s much more personal with the two parks next to each other. The rides also seem better and faster than Disney World.
We went as a Family of four with two teenagers 15 18, over from New Zealand and thought the park was highly overrated, expensive, crowded, and you get no advantage with a fast pass. If you are coming from New Zealand or Australia don   t waste your time and money, just go to movie world on the Gold Coast as we found that a lot better than either Disney park. Too much hype on the Disney name.
I visited the park with my wife and my 2 years old son and we all had 2 amazing days there. The place is indeed one of the happiest places I have ever been. The good thing about Disneyland is that several rides and attractions are oriented to small kids and because of that my son really enjoyed the trip. January is a very good time of the year to visit since it is not too crowded, temperatures are fine (15 20 oC) and the likelihood of finding a great deal when buying tickets is high due to it being low season (we spent 69 $ day   3 days ticket   sale prices for Canada residents). The Fantasmic presentation on the Rivers of America is just AWESOME!! make sure you grab your fastpass right when you get into the park (they are free and they run out of passes quickly, even for low season). Another tip: plan and make very good use of your fastpasses (specially for busy days). If you play smart with your fastpasses you will be able to experience all the rides you are looking for even in days the park is overcrowded.
As a child I only visited Disney World and not Disneyland. So we had time to actually go by Disneyland during a quick weekend trip to Los Angeles. It was easy to enter the gates and have your purse checked and the lines went pretty quickly. They do not let you do an advanced fast pass before you were at the park but I found there were a lot of options or we could do the fast pass once we got there. It was a little difficult to navigate the park because fantasyland had the castle part closed and it made it difficult to try to figure out how to go around it. I think you expect when you go to Disneyland to see the castle so that was a little bit disappointing. Also I found that it   s a small world ride was still playing the Christmas music with Christmas decorations. Since we are mid January I would think that you could work to get it changed over by that point. Overall I enjoyed the visit to the park I still think I like Disney World better as it offers more options and different parks. We tried to go to California adventure park but many of those rides that you wanted to see did not have a fast pass. It was a lot of walking and I wasn   t exactly certain if some of the rides fit my young son. So I am not sure that the park hopper had really any sort of use for us. I found it definitely something we could do in a day and then Move on. We did go to goofy   s kitchen at the hotel and that was good because we were able to do the character dining. We really didn   t get too close to Mickey Mouse or Minnie mouse during the park hours but we were able to see Pluto a few times.
Love this place, everything is done so well. The whole family had a great day and lots of fantastic memories were made.
We had an extra day before our cruise ship left and thought we'd take our teenagers to see Disneyland. It was WAY too crowded and Small World was closed. Other than trying to walk around and see the place, we could only get on 1 ride which took 3hrs of waiting in line. Nice to say they at least was able to visit and get the free badge.
Before buying tickets it   s good to check open hours. Some days park is open only until 6 p.m. some days until 00.   Besides that park it   s awesome. Add fast track to your ticket it save time and it   s really cheap option.
First time to Disneyland and although have been to Disney World many times I had always wanted to go to the original. Cool things about it is you can stay at hotels that are literally across the street from the main gate entrance so you can walk to all the venues. Although similar in some ways Disneyland is also quite different than the Magic Kingdom at Disney World. I was a little shocked at how small the castle is in comparison and the park overall is smaller, but it is still a great park with many attractions and as is every Disney property it is kept immaculate.Looking forward to going back again someday!
Took the grandkids (ages 2 13) for Christmas. The weather was great for visiting at this time of the year (mid to high 60s) The lines were anywhere from 20 minutes   45 minutes. I highly suggest the Fastpass. You can ask at any information booth about how to use it but it's pretty simple. Insert your ticket into the fast pass booth of the ride you want to get on and it will give you a time to go back. They also sell a Max Pass which costs an additional $10 per person that is basically the same as Fast Pass but you have the ability to schedule the rides from your phone. No walking from ride to ride to swipe your ticket to get a scheduled time and you can order any pictures you've had taken with the Disney characters taken by staff. Wear comfortable shoes as there will be lots of walking! We had the 3 day hopper pass. The staff were all friendly. Was surprised by the lack of Disney characters walking around the Park. You are allowed to take in backpacks. We packed snacks and drinks in it. All in all, I think we could of stayed longer to take it all in. IF we did it again (which I won t), I would plan a little differently. I would go one day and then take a break from it. We went to Sea World and the Zoo also. Then go back to Disneyland and do another day, take a break and then do another day. It's just so overwhelming that those days breaks in between would of been welcoming. Towards the end of the day, the kids were ready to go back to hotel and go swimming. Was it worth the money? That's a hard one. As far as the kids, I'm glad they got to experience it. The time spent together and the memories made...Priceless!!
I went 17 years ago during Spring Break season, and the lines were AWFUL. Definitely go in Jan. like we did! Much more enjoyable! Was still crowded, but nothing like my last experience. Loved every minute :)
At 63 years old this was my first time here! I went with my son and my granddaughter who is 2 and who's already been here once. It was amazing to see her reactions to things. Everyone should go to Disneyland at least once in their life!
Regardless of crowd levels, there's always something magical to do and experience at Disneyland. There's many attractions, shows and foods to satisfy all ages!
We had a great time we notice that the castle was different from the one at Disney World, yes we will go again
Incredible place for family. Went for the day. The rides were incredible. The staff we encountered were helpful. Bathrooms clean. Lots of stroller parking which workers kept nice and organized.
Disneyland just never gets old. No matter how many times I go I am always impressed by the evolution of the park. It has many of the old trusted attractions which are fun for the nostalgia and then the updates always surprise us! Just love it.
We went in the heat of summer so we were braced for the heat yet after we had paid for both the Disneyland park hopper we realised that many of the main attractions had broken down. Due to the heat the performers could not parade and the fireworks were also cancelled. We went to the reception at the end of the day and told them about our experience they were all extremely friendly and helpful and offered to give us a season pass or a full refund. I must admit that made the day a lot better. The next day we went to Universal Studios. I would recommend it much more, fun rides, cheaper than Disney, great cooling systems and all the rides were working.
Great care taken at the kennel of my service dog. Some of the rides were closed. I enjoyed the boat ride.
We enjoyed a visit with friends visiting from Utah and from Australia          We has a wonderful time throughout the entire theme park. The best days are on the holidays because the lines are shorter!!
Shoulder to shoulder people!  Very crowded during this time of year, but the park was clean and decorations were beautiful!  Mickey, Minnie and all characters were present   taking photos with children (and some adults).  Great time    except for FastPass process!!
Every person should experience this magical place at least once in your life.  Young or old, alone or in a group, what an amazing experience, the characters, the rides, the churro!  You have to get a set of ears too.
for the price you pay for a hopper and fast pass its not worth it. unless you like to run back and fourth from park to park because fastpass only allows certain times for rides.  literally waste of my time and money
What can you really say its the Magic Kingdom we are pass holders and it is always fun to go we many many times during the year
Our visit to Disneyland was great, the weather was perfect. Disneyland's Christmas celebration was still going on, all the Christmas decorations where still up and the holiday parades where still going.
What can you say? If you love amusement parks and Disney than this is the place to go. It was truly entertaining and a lot of fun even for an oldster. Some of the rides were different than in Disney World, but just as fun. Since this was the original  Happy Place , I was really happy to have experienced it.
We visited Disneyland and California Adventure Park as a family (for the first time) in Feb 2018 from Sunday to Wednesday with a 4 day park hopper pass and it was such a great time for all of us. We had our three children with us ages 7, 7, and 10. We're about to return again in Feb 2019, so I'll share my recommendations and some things I learned from our first visit. I definitely feel that HOW we did Disneyland had a huge impact on our overall experience...My thoughts on how to make the most of Disney with kids...  Be prepared if it's your first time. Read every blog, watch every YouTube clip, and know what you're getting into. Some may think this would ruin Magic, but I learned so much and felt so much more prepared and efficient when I arrived for the first time. I also asked my kids to make a Wish List of their top 10 rides attractions, so that when we were there we could make those things our priority and not waste time walking around.  Arrive early. Even if it's tough to get the little ones out of bed early, it is SO worth it! The crowds are light in the morning and we had the most fun getting there early and beating the lines. We rode all the most popular rides before noon (before it got too crowded). Take a break mid day. I cannot stress how beneficial this way for us. We knew our kids would want to stay late into the night, but we also knew they would be exhausted and cranky. So, we left the park each day around 1pm, ate at a less expensive restaurant outside the resort, walked back to our hotel and had a nap. Yes, we had a nap! Our kids do not typically nap and despite the complaints on the first day, even they came to agree that it was a good idea. None of us had any trouble sleeping for 1.5 hours and then getting up to return to the park around 4pm.  Take extra shoes. A lot of blogs recommend wearing comfy shoes. I recommend taking a few pairs of shoes and changing throughout the day, if possible. I don't think it matters how comfortable your shoes are, your feet will get tired and sore in any shoes after that much walking.  Stay close by. In 2018, we stayed at Grand Legacy, which was great. This year, we've chosen the Best Western across the street from the gates. We didn't want to rent a car and worry about parking. It is worth the extra $$ to be able to leave the park and return to the hotel throughout the day. From Grand Legacy, it was an 11 min walk. Awesome! We also just go bus transfers (through LUX Bus) to and from LAX. It was so much easier and must less stressful than trying to navigate traffic and directions. Simplify wherever possible :)  Pack light for the parks. My husband took a small backpack and I carried a purse. It was so nice not to be bogged down. With older kids, it's easier to pack light. I remember the days with babies and that is a whole different story! All we packed was water, autograph books, portable phone chargers (a must if you're using the app!), and light sweaters for evening.  Use MaxPass and the Disneyland App. MaxPass saves so much time and includes the photopass. Use the Fast Pass for the most popular rides. We hardly had to wait in line at all. With the app, we made dining reservations, checked wait times... everything. Also, if using the app, take a portable battery pack. Your phone will go dead and Disney sells them for around $30 US dollars.  If characters are important to your family, try a character dinner. We ate at Goofy's kitchen and it was a blast. Up close and personal with the characters and our kids got their autograph books signed. The food was pretty good too. It's a buffet with something for everyone.These are the things I felt made our trip great. Disneyland really is magical, but it can also be very tiring and overwhelming (for both grown ups and kids, alike), so you'll be glad you did whatever you could do to get ahead of the game. We had a great time as a family and can't wait to return next month!
I remember always wanting to go to Disneyland as a child so to be finally able to go   was a dream come true. loved the whole place, however the merchandise is a bit expensive to be fair as you pay a lot for tickets so that would be my only gripe. Great customer service from the staff whom areAlways happy to help . Great scooter facilities if you need them
We just returned from a post Christmas Vacation with our children and grandchildren and it couldn't have been more magical!  We had the privilege of being there for 6 days   great family time building memories!
so much to see and do, loved splash mountain and pirates of the Caribbean  are my favourite. the lines  were long but they moved quickly. Try to plan how you tackle this amazing place, we did it in sections over 2 days
The park is still our favourite. The cast members were exceptional. Rides and attractions so much fun. This is our 7 th time back and there will be more.
A magical place where dreams do come true. Met with the main man himself mr mouse. We explored Disneyland and watched the parade  highly recommend. We then went over to California adventures which was really good but the queues were pretty long. Churros weren   t the best I wouldn   t bother buying them. Souvenir shop caused some damage to my bank balance. I can   t wait to go back!!!
All in all, January is a good time to visit Disneyland. While the property seemed quite crowded, ride wait times were no longer than 45 minutes, with many just 20 minutes. The Fantasmic show in Frontierland is a must see. It's simply amazing! If you are planning to ride Splash Mountain, do so early or wait until it's warmer. We got absolutely soaked, and had to find a restroom hand dryer to dry our coats and shoes. Unlike Disney World, there are is no free parking on site. Be prepared to pay at least $25 to park.
We were very excided about visit Disneyland Park this was planned to the highlight of our holiday in US   but it was almost a nightmare...We choosed a weekday, in September   hoped less people because of school day...The end of the line was at Harbor Blvd before 9 o'clock... At security check we had to throw away our selfie stick, I don't know why because later in the park we saw that many people used. Finally we could enter to the park after 1 and half hour waiting (with a 5 years old kid). In the park everywhere had to wait 10 20 30 minutes for a ride   terrible!!! There were lot of people with stroller, finally it was impossible to walk without hit a stroller... And so on and so on. We asked a girl from the staff and she told it was a very strong Monday..Finally I can give only one advise to the management, please limited the number of sold tickets for a day   because it was a very bad experience for us because of the too many visitors.
As a first time Disneyland visitor I had no idea what to expect other than crowds and long queues. Whilst there were both if you do you   re homework you can make the most of your Disneyland experience. Three of the best tips I could give would be stay at a hotel in the park, buy a park hopper ticket and spend the $15 a day for fast passes. We got on every ride the better ones 3 or 4 times and only waited when it suited us. As for Disneyland parks they are amazing in terms of their scale if nothing else. The Disneyland castle was a lot smaller than I had imagined but still captivating in terms of what it represents. We had a ball a felt we had achieved more than most at the end of our visit. Yes it   s expensive but if it   s something you   re only going to do once budget accordingly. Certainly worthwhile doing, travelling in the off season also means fewer people but some rides are down for maintenance. Last tip if you think you can do Disneyland in a day, think again, cheers..
We visited in November and was decorated ready for Christmas , the lines were quite long for most rides about 1 hr  But that   s to be expected,all great , clean and very Disney.
Disneyland is everything you thought it would be and then some. This place has turned entertainment into a fine art.Our whole family had the best time and cannot fault it in any way. It brought the kid out of us all.A place we WILL revisit!
Spent NYE in the park and arrived for opening. As the park was open until 2am this meant that the park was really quiet until around 10am meaning we managed to do some of the larger queue rides with minimal wait time (Splash Mountain 0 mins, Space Mountain 20 mins, Pirates of Caribbean 2 Mins) as the day went on it got busier but the only ride we fast passed was the Matternhorn Bobsleighs. This was billed as one of the busiest days of the year but arriving early made the day very easy and manageable.
Always love our visits to Disneyland, and this one was no exception. Tail end of the holiday season, so we got to see some of the decorations. The castle was magnificent in snow and sparkling lights hanging like icicles. Our granddaughter LOVED the Bibbity Bobbity Boutique    a magical way to spend her 4th birthday. Since it was quite cold when we were there, it would have been nice to have more indoor dining options, or propane patio heaters. Still the best family amusement park!
I have two a 7 and 6 yr old. First week of January and it was busy. If you don't live in California, have kids that go to school, and you have not ever been to Disneyland, it's extremely hard to go when this place is not busy! Overall, if you haven't been to Disneyland go one time when the kids will remember it and spend at least 3 days. And try to avoid doing it 3 straight days if you can, because the kids will not wake up early and stay there until 10pm  that's a long day and lot of money! You would have to plan meals to bring if you want to save. On top of that LONG lines waiting for a one minute ride. Fast track pass, ridiculous, it's a waste of money. You would have to arrive at the park really early to make a good use of it and you'll be lucky to get 3 rides with a fast pass. I honestly do not think it's worth spending your money here. You will have a way enjoyable and relaxing vacation going somewhere else where it's not overly expensive, crowded, and waiting from 70 to 160mins   2.5hrs for a one minute ride! Characters? It's about luck on busy days. You want rides or meet characters? How about shows? No way! Unless you have enough time and money to spend to everything, but you will not do it in less than 3 days. Not the happiest place on earth after 3hrs here. We had good experience in the past when kids were not in school, but now vacation will be planned somewhere worth going.
Disneyland is Disneyland. Although we were in one of the highest seasons, crowds were still manageable.
I recently visited the park and the most heartbreaking thing to see was the horses cart people all day. To think you can use other means to transport people, and the park chooses to use a horse. Extremely sad. And some carriages are petrol driven, should the park not consider electric?  The park is way to busy so it becomes hard to do anything with the wait period on average an hour. So in the end a waste of money and your time. Just a money making scheme. I personally will NEVER return. What a disappointment.
Prices are out of order, way to many people, you wait 90 minutes in line for Peter Pan and get a 90 seconds ride, you wait 30 minutes in line to get a picture with a character. PhotoPass isn't worth it, my mobile makes better quality pictures than they do plus to few photographers.
After many visits to Disney World in Orlando, we finally made it to Disneyland. I was super excited to visit. While I think the castle is super small here, I enjoyed seeing the similarities and differences of the parks. We enjoyed riding Haunted Mansion, Pirates, Matterhorn, Nemo Voyage, and Indiana Jones, among others. If you visit, definitely get the MaxPass, which gets your pictures and fast passes. I liked this better than the online reservations that Orlando is currently using. The park feels smaller and is laid out differently than Orlando. Always fun at Disney!!
If we had a choice to visit during off peak season, we would. The queues for the rides were 2 hours. The Bobsled ride was out of action as one of the tracks had broken down. They had to let in guests into our queue as the bobsleds in our queue were ok. Overworked equipment!Food was an issue. All sit down cafes were packed. Snack stalls ran out early. We went out to Tony Roma's and reentered the park to watch fireworks. All in all, a rather claustrophobic experience with people pressing all round. Go off peak!
We bought a 3 day park hopper pass and enjoyed every single day of it! The Disneyland app was a major breakthrough and made our visit a way more pleasant one in the xmas holidays, considering the huge crowds in the park.
Every kid on the plant should see this place. Its a place where kids dreams come true. There is so much to do and see. Once you are in the park everything except food and pictures are free. I recommend that you bring food with you. There is also lockers available for hire. The food is expensive onsite. But it does cater for most diets and cosines. Enjoy the park.
This is an American iconic experience. You must visit Disneyland to live a full life ;)My daughter has essentially grown up here. Not to be missed: Thunder mountain, single rider Matterhorn and Space mountain, the monorail, Red Rose tavern gray stuff, horse carriage, meeting the characters, the Magic shop on Main, any parade or show! We decided to get annual passes and use the app to check which days work for our passes. There are changes coming so be sure to check all current sites for information. We love the Disney hotels but you need a deal to afford them. One tip: you can access the California Adventure from the California Grand backside. Super awesome. And they have child activity centers open until late if you need parents night out.
We took one day pass as our stay was short in LA.brought ticket online its better option as there is long queue everywhere from ticket to each ride and show so better to buy online to save time.we went to weekend and holidays season so it was crowded and queue everywhere.my daughter she is 6yrs and really love it and enjoyed bobbidi bobbidi boutique where she dressed and makeover like princesses.staff was very nice with children. while rides take long time as long quque.later we had idea of online book ride book your slot at particular time on Disney app then ypu don't need to spend long time in regular line and you can go through maxpass.and you can also download free pictures .in ride we enjoyed space mountain,marathon bobslad,mad tea party,submarine tour finding nemo,hunted mansion atuopia,sleeping beauty castle and snow white story was really good while buzz lighter was ok.as shortage of time and long queue one day was not enough for Disney land.there was really good spot for nursing mothers really liked it with basic facility including microwave and at night castle firework was awesome.
So if you   ve ever been to the world be prepared to be a little disappointed. There   s a lot of similar things that you find at WDW. One thing I noticed different was that I couldn   t find Mickey ice cream bars very easy. When I did find them they were to frozen to eat. I was also disappointed in the food at this park. You just don   t get the options as in Florida. If you have never been to WDW you will absolutely love this place!
Great park. Lots of fun for everyone. We had a wonderful time. As a Disney world pass holder, we found that there were new discoveries here.
Went to the park with our extended three generation family New Years Week. Our first day, Thursday, was a mess. There was no crowd control leading up to the security check points. It took over an hour to get our back pack examined and okayed. Another 30 minutes in line to enter the Magic Kingdom. After 90 minutes of shuffling in line, the Magic evaporated. Lines were long, tempers were short. And the prices! All merch was 10 20% higher than our last visit. Fast food was more expensive. I paid $18 for three chicken thighs at the Plaza Inn. And where you can buy beer, $10. Can't say we'll be back, so sorry, Mickey. You've priced yourself out of my market.
There are lots of books and websites devoted to this epic park. Definitely check some of these out and do some homework so you do not get overwhelmed. And it can be overwhelming. Definitely download the Disneyland app. The extra $10 is worth it for the MaxPass, which allows you to get a fast pass for rides and skips the long lines. Spend all day here, from open to close, unless you have small children who will get tired. Get ready to empty your bank account. Disneyland is expensive. If it is raining, bring rain gear and enjoy the shorter lines. The shows and entertainment are great, but not every ride is for all kids and ages.
Tomorrowland pretty much sums up Disneyland in 2019; a nostalgic vision of a future that has been left behind by reality.Our second visit in 20 years found us fumbling with apps that have poor usability, rides that lack the    wow    factor of neighbouring parks and outrageous prices for food and drink...and wait times in holding pens that afford no interactivity other than the horrendously poor guest wi fi that doesn   t even have full park coverage.Space Mountain, at over 90 minutes wait time on a good day is no longer a    bucket list    ride. And many of other once iconic attractions lack the polish and sophistication of other parks. Save your time, dump the kids in Disneyland and head on over to Adventureland Park. It   s still the same crappy app but at least Guardians, Cars and the Incredicoaster are worth the wait times.
Spent new years at Disney. Loved it. Disney does it properly. It was busy but it was expected. Had the best time. Love Disneyland and all they offer. Couldn't recommend it more.
The park was clean and beautiful. Employees were wonderful and food was really good. Make sure to buy the extra app for reserving your fast passes. Well worth the $10 extra per day, per person. No need to purchase park hopper. One full day was enough for California adventure.
This was my first visit to Disneyland. I am a Disney World veteran yet found the original Disney Park intimate. It is on a smaller footprint and, compared to Disney World, compact. Yet I liked it very much. I particularly enjoyed how the attractions overlap. For instance, the Disney train rides across the fa  ade of It's A Small World, a monorail rides over the submarines and you can practically reach out and touch the bobsleds on the Matterhorn. Also, the Pirates of the Caribbean here is longer and had a bayou scene before you get to the pirates. Also the Haunted Mansion had a holiday overlay as did Small World. I gave it one less star because of the FastPass process. At World, you can get three FastPasses a day, and choose them 60 days in advance if you stay on property, after exhausting them, you can get one at a time. All this can be done with your app and all complimentary. At Land, unless you pay $10, you must go to the attraction's FastPass Distribution Center, get a FastPass for later in the day, then return at that time. The clincher is that you cannot get another one while you wait for the one that you got. One day, Small World was sold out of passes, so I walked all the way to Pirates only to be told that they don't distribute FastPasses. So, I went back to the Matterhorn, only to find out that they weren't distributing for the day. I can only say that Walt Disney World spoiled us. However, we did enjoy our visit to the original park.
Disneyland is a great place  everyone is happy, rides are safe and fun, there   s something for everyone. We only made it to one ride  purely because of the lines and wait time. We even had the fast pass, but it made it harder since you could only book one per every 2 hours. The lines are still moderately long with them as well.
Being from the East Coast we have visited the Disney World theme parks many times so we were excited to finally have the opportunity to visit the Disneyland theme parks on Christmas Day 2018. We paid $10 person for Max Pass and thought it was worth it to be able to arrange FPs on the app (we didn't even use it for the PhotoPass feature but still would purchase it again). We found the parking and getting to the parks from the parking lot a little more complicated and longer than what we've experienced at Disney World and when we got off the bus that took us to the park from the lot the signs were awful and there were very few cast members around so many parties from our bus went the wrong way and lost precious time getting to the gates. We started at California Adventure and had done everything we wanted to do by 3pm so we went to guest services and had them add a Park Hopper to our tickets. Since we got to Disneyland Park so late in the day, many rides were out of Faspasses but we were still able to ride some rides we wanted to go on. We rode Jungle Cruise which wasn't as good as the one at MK but maybe our guide just wasn't particularly funny, Space Mountain which was much better and darker than the one at MK, holiday themed It's a Small World which was beautiful on the outside but not great on the inside because it felt a little awkward having the Christmas decorations and songs while going through cultures that don't necessarily celebrate Christmas. The lines were too long at some other rides we might have gone on and it was too late in the day to get Faspasses but we thought the park looked beautiful (especially the New Orleans section, the lit castle, and the outside of Small World). We were also tired since we had arrived from the East Coast the night before so we left the park around 8:30pm and probably would have had a chance to ride several more rides if we had stayed until closing. We also ordered dinner at Red Rose Tavern from the app and chose our pickup window so we didn't have to wait on a long line which was great. All in all we enjoyed the park but felt we'd done almost everything we wanted to do and didn't feel the need to return. All four of us also felt that DCA somehow lacked the  magic  that we always feel at Disney World. Part of that might have come from the fact that we didn't fine the cast members as helpful OR FRIENDLY (except for those in guest services at DCA who were wonderful) as they are at DW and part may have come from the fact that the park wasn't nearly as immaculately clean as DW always is (litter on the ground, dirty bathrooms, tables in Red Rose Tavern left with garbage on them, etc.).
Love coming here. We love the cleanliness of the parks. I still give a 5 star but I do hate the crowds. The park has long waits for the rides so use maxpass. I hate that you have to pay extra for the fast pass app. If lines were shorter it would be great. Food options are great. Had Carnation cafe yesterday and soup was awesome. Enjoy coming here and making memories. Just wish it was less busy.
Fastpass, if you buy fastpass with Disneyland pass then make sure to book the ride as soon as you enter Disneyland Park. You only able to book one at a time.   Don   t miss the night water show.
Although this is an EXPENSIVE amusement park at over $100 per person for adults, it is a MUST SEE for everyone.  Walt Disney called it    THE HAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH    and I wholeheartedly agree!
Everyone knows the park has amazing atmosphere and attention to detail. Unfortunately, the high prices and crowd level detract from the experience. It   s something you should definitely do in your life, but you have to do it right:1) go early on days projected to be not crowded.2) get max pass and use the fast passes wisely for the popular rides. (They charge you extra for max pass, but it   s worth it. This is an example of them being greedy when you   re already shelling out tons to get in and 20 bucks to simply park.)3) bring some snacks so you don   t have to buy expensive food for every meal.Follow that advice and you will have a great time. You will still spend a lot, but it is worth it.
We went on a Saturday which is apparently one of the busiest days! Rides were good but some booked out. Definitely get the fast pass and use the App. Didn   t wait for the parade as it was so crowded. If going with younger kids I would go to this park early before it gets so crowded then to California park.
Seeing all the Christmas lights, and the whole place in holiday lighting was truly breathtaking! We were the day after New Years, and got to see a Rose Parade Band participants! So much fun! They were and outstanding band from Flower Mound High School! Just so fun for the kids to see other kids performing! These kids were awesome!!! The grounds of the park were so clean and everything was just beautiful! Very busy! But if you sign into fast pass and use the map to plan your rides even on busy days we had a great time!
A beautiful place that can be enjoyed any time of the year. However, I strongly recommend proper planning to make the best of the day here. Do take the FASTPASS and make the most of it. I did most of my rides through this and saved a lot of time. Start with Space Mountain. It is the most popular ride (and rightly so) and the line gets progressively longer in the day. Follow that up with Matterhorn Bobsleds and then all the other rides.    It   s a small world    is a beautifully made ride and must not be missed. Too many roller coasters became a bit repetitive but it was fun. The theatre performance and the parades are a must watch as well. So watch out for the timings for these. The MaxPass is not worth it at all. Very few options for pictures in Disneyland. May as well pay 10 dollars for select pics and use your phone elsewhere. Have fun!
We actually liked the California parks better than the Florida. Because is smaller, less people as well. It didn't feel so crowded. We went during Christmas times. More lights then usual. Beautiful. 1 day in each park is enough. My boys are teens, so lots of small children rides we didn't go.
Gosh, two days is just right. Stay close to the park and walk home for siestas. It   s fun mornings and evenings so you can experience the park at night in addition to daytimes. The parades are amazing and the fast pass thing is worth the extra money as it can reduce ride waits from 2 hours to 30 minutes. We were able to get about 3 4 fast passes every day by getting into the park early and placing new reservations every 90 minutes. January 1st was very low volume in terms of visitors!
I visited Disneyland with my teenage children when visiting from Australia in January 2019. It really is quite hard to fault. The atmosphere is sensational. I can't imagine too many other places where I'd happily queue for that long (we were there on New Year's Eve and New Year's Day). I was amazed at the number of people donning Mickey or Minnie ears, or other Disneyland memorabilia! You could see the littler kids totally captivated by everything Disney, especially the parades. The staff are absolutely excellent; every single one nails the customer experience even amid the crazy busy days. The fastpass arrangements are sensibly priced, work well and are equitable   it allows you to make better use of your time. Take that option if you can. Be sure to stay late (shorter queues) and book dining if you're there at peak times like when we were there   otherwise your only option will be long queues for fast food. We definitely consumed too many churros, but they were good   and they did seem to keep leaping out from around every corner. The rides are excellent   fun without being terrifying. I like it more than Disneyland in Paris and it kills the Theme Parks back home in Australia. I think you could go at any age and have a great time!
Great fun place . The rides are suitable for young kids . Download the Disney app and take the express pass . It   s fully worth the price. Lots of good rides   loved the space mountain!
The crowds are a cause for safety concerns. We arrived New Year   s Day (which was actually nice) however today January 3rd.... the crowds were so large it was aweful..... The park is decorated extremely nice, especially showing its beauty at night. The average    main    rollercoasters averaged 2 3 hour waits when not using fast pass. Enjoyed most of my trip, but hope not to come back again for 5  years at least.
The attractions are really good, typical Disney. Some of them have been the same for the last 25 years but they are still magical. We did not go with any child son the perspective might be different from one of a family with children. But all the magic of the place was killed by horrible and Uber priced food. My wife and I are vegetarians and we had to look hard for a place to eat. The first place had a jack fruit burger that tasted horrible, really sour (tasted like vinegar), my wife ordered a salad (who can kill a salad) that was also inedible. One of my friends be Arely bit on a jack fruit burger and ended up vomiting. Another one ate half of a hamburger that was too tough. We spent almost $45 . In another meal, I ordered a slice of pizza (a small slice), a salad and a fountain drink, my wife got two slices of pizza (no drink) and I paid almost $50. Those were ok (average at best). My recommendation is go outside the park to eat (downtown Disney has some overpriced food but at least is good)
Great rides but lines were just waaay too long. Think Disneyworld is significantly better in that respect.
Positives:   The classic attractions were fun (such as the mountains) and lasted a while because they are old and hence were not built to reduce queue times.   The re theming of 'The Haunted Mansion' for Christmas was very well done. Negatives:   The cast members were very rude and did NOTHING about queue jumpers when we told them about the issue.   Very long queue times and, on New Year's, there were so many people trying to leave that we literally stopped and stood still for about 10 minutes trying to move.   As always, very expensive in every regard.   Fastpasses all gone by midday.  Difficult to get to from L.A.Hope that helps!
As a SoCal resident, we frequent the Disney parks in Anaheim. The best advice I can provide is to spend the extra $10 per ticket on MaxPasses. It allows you to schedule your fastpasses via your phone on the mobile app without having to run from station to station. Also, you can get all of your photos from the rides! Our family is generally able to get on all of the rides, even with ridiculous wait times, at least once a day. The app is super useful in other ways  you can order food, book dining reservations, and see the parade and show schedule. We love it!
Yes it is a very expensive vacation, but for us it is worth it. Our teen kiddo turns into a 7 year old child the minute we cross the gate and that includes my husband as well, the memories created are priceless. Definitely take your time and don't try to do everything. I feel as if people set their expectations very high due to the high prices which is very understandable but we know that in the 5 days we normally spend at the parks, we will only see a fraction of what is open and available. Lines are a fact in Disney, but Max Pass helped, even though I have to admit it can get pricey at $10 per person, per day. For my family for our park days it was $150. I have to agree that quick service food very similar to fast food is awfully expensive, but you are able to bring food from the outside. We saw several people bringing in food in disposable containers that could just throw away. Even a lunch or snack can save you lots of money. The family next door to us at the Grand Californian actually had groceries delivered and explained to us that even with the delivery fee and the price of the groceries they actually saved hundreds eating for a family of 5, that it more than made up for hotel accommodations on site. I honestly never thought of it from that angle but it made sense after we got home and did the math on what with spend just for food. We are thinking of trying their system the next time we go, as we fly in from out of state are not in the position of bringing food with us. We did make dining reservations ahead of time and invested in the Max Pass which proved to be priceless for us as well. The weekend crowds were insane, which is why those were non park days for us. We can't wait to come back again!
The park is as I remembered but I looked around at the background more than before. There are magical touches everywhere. Took a bit to figure out the fast pass system and would recommend it and the Disney app to see wait times.
Do not waste your money. Disneyland is not magic anymore. Expensive, over crowded, poor food ( it is like paying fine dining prices for Macdonalds) Takes forever in lines to go on any ride, and then you realize that you pain hundreds of dollars to stand in a line.
Disneyland is true magic. Yes, there is lines, lines and more lines. A handful with long wait times for certain rides. Yes, it is pricey. Yes, it is crowded, but Disneyland is still a great place for everyone. The park is always kept clean, including the restrooms. The true magic is when it snows on Main St. The park is so beautiful at night during the holidays. I was there for Christmas week and even though it was a nice vacation, there were to many people. I couldn't enter Disneyland until 3pm. I had to go to California Adventures until then. I wanted this trip to only be Disneyland. The reason was, due to the Disney side being  sold out . To get the full Disney experience, plan on going more than one day. You can't fit everything into just one day. Go when the least popular time of the year to go. If you can, download the Disney app. Use fast passes. Our personal favorite rides are Pirates of Caribbean, Haunted Mansion, Raiders of Lost Ark, It's a small world. Walt Disney accomplished want he wished for. He would love how his dreams have continued.
Disneyland truly is a magical place! Christmas enhances the experience even more! Decorations, fireworks, snow and music put one in the spirit! This was my first Christmas time trip to a Disney park! So glad I went. Lots of people but not as crowded as I had anticipated! Fast pass is a must!!
So if you delight in joining 85,000 other folks experiencing something extraordinary all at the same time, waiting in line for 1 1 2 hours for rides and eating popcorn, corn dogs and other super healthy (not) fast food which cost totally exorbitant prices then Disneyland is the place to bring your family to. Sounding pretty cynical I know however, on the other hand, this theme park is pretty darn exceptional and children of all ages, yes including a lot of adults, really love it. Me, I   m a one day only type of poo hoo adult ... but saying this after the fact I find there are ways to truly enjoy this park... buy the fast track tickets; spend a little more on the entry pass to ensure you jump the ride lines and wow a totally different experience awaits. Disney allows you to bring in your own food so do it... come early (opens at 8am)or come late (closes at midnight). Have to say the parking is pretty easy with well serviced shuttle buses. So all in all my grandchildren simply love it so I love it too... just for that reason! VickiSydneyAustraliaCHECK ME OUT on INSTAGRAM at: vickisworldview
we visitied the Disneyland park for 2 days. Everything was fine, even the weather as we went in December.However, we had visited Disneyland in Paris and we loved it. It had bigger open spaces, and the main castle was huge. Moreover it has a five stars hotel at the main entrance which makes this part very beautiful.
Disneyland is by far the Happiest Place on Earth. Sure there are long lines and high prices but it is still worth it. I am spoiled due to my annual passport. I just love the place. So many things to do or just sit, relax and watch the people. I hope you enjoy your trip too.
Disneyland visit on any day is a treat to your eyes. Special during Christmas vacation. Though all rides are fun enjoyed most  the small world. In fact visited twice with children.
